Laptops lead to more student writing and to writing of higher quality.
Laptops make document files and applications mobile.
Laptops make great cutting boards.
Laptops make the whole process more personal.
Laptops mean mobility and saved desk space, which is often at a premium.
Laptops mean no new furniture expenses, space requirements, cabling or electrical needs.
Laptops now feature almost all the power of desktops.
Laptops offer different benefits from desktop computers, but they also have some special needs.
Laptops offer greater flexibility allowing a student to work anywhere on campus, abroad or at home.
Laptops offer many advantages over labs and classrooms of desktop machines.
Laptops offers significant advantages for a student.
Laptops pack as much power as last year's fastest PCs.
Laptops promote hands-on learning, making information easier to learn and remember.
Laptops provide added organizational and skill benefits.
Laptops provide Internet access through a wireless network connection or an ethernet connection.
Laptops provide more flexibility for daily computer use.
Laptops provide more services and more flexibility.
Laptops provide other advantages.
Laptops provide ready access to Internet resources, even in the field, using wireless remote access.
Laptops remain with faculty participants at the end of program period.
Laptops require batteries, and batteries require charging.
Laptops require special network adapters.
Laptops snap onto the center cd hub and read data from the center outward.
Laptops still cost more than desktop units, but they have closed some of the gap.
Laptops still require a written justification for purchase.
Laptops suck for a few reasons.
Laptops take a lot of abuse because they are constantly being handled and moved.
Laptops take up less space.
Laptops travel with students from classroom to dorm room and beyond.
Laptops typically come with the necessary files installed on the hard drive.
Laptops typically cost more than their larger counterparts.
Laptops typically do.
Laptops typically have no choice but parallel either.
Laptops use a PC Card version and can roam freely throughout the house and even into the yard.
Laptops use fleas instead of grasshoppers, and tiny red ants.
Laptops use significantly less energy than desktop computers.
Laptops use significantly less energy than desktop models.
Laptops use significantly less energy than desktops.
Laptops use significantly less energy than typical desktop models.
Laptops vary in screen size.
Laptops work best in a classroom large enough to accommodate such activities.
Laptops always welcome.
Laptops often require a special function key to be pressed to output to an external video source.
Laptops often use specialized hardware, hence finding a driver can be more difficult.
Laptops often use trackballs and touch pads to save space.
Laptops sometimes use cards that look like small floppies.
Laptops usually have a flat screen and LCD display, and are powered by a rechargeable battery.
All laptops are due back one hour before the library closes.
All laptops come with the operating system and desktop applications preloaded by the manufacturer.
All laptops go to the network.
All laptops have wireless access to the Internet.
All laptops travel in individual foam protected slots.
Many laptops have a hardware volume control.
Many laptops have a small trackball beneath the keyboard.
Many laptops have larger hard drives bigger is better.
Many laptops have the antenna built into the lid, and the card installed internally.
Many laptops now come equipped with such security devices as standard equipment.
Many laptops offered for sale as used machines are actually stolen machines.
Many laptops require workarounds that can be frustrating to both experienced and novice users alike.
Many laptops still have legacy VGA ports.
More laptops are lost to theft than damage, so camouflage is a wise too.
Most laptops already have adequate file transfer programs built-in.
Most laptops also come with a file syncing program.
Most laptops are that way.
Most laptops can stay suspended, using battery power alone, for several days.
Most laptops come with a slot that allows a lock to be inserted.
Most laptops dissipate heat through the bottom.
Most laptops have batteries.
Most laptops have parallel ports.
Most laptops have ports.
Most laptops have software.
Most laptops have two slots on the side where an ethernet card or modem card can be inserted.
Most laptops now have a square hole to accept the lock molded into their cases.
Most laptops only have a single serial port.
Most laptops provide one.
Most laptops pump video out through the LCD panel or an external monitor.
Most laptops run on for approximately two hours.
Most laptops weigh substantially more.
Most laptops work flawlessly with most LCD panels and projectors.
Some laptops come with a special adapter that links the laptop to the network cable.
Some laptops come with an optional wireless card.
Some laptops come with ethernet built-in.
Some laptops come with video outputs.
Some laptops have a tiny mechanical switch that turns the screen off when the lid is folded down.
Some laptops have power down functions.
Some laptops have special key combinations that bring one into a setup or configuration utility.
Some laptops have well-known issues.
Some laptops require special consideration.
Some laptops turn off ports to conserve energy.
Some laptops use SIMMs, some DIMMs, and many use proprietary memory cards.
Some laptops use SIMMs, some DIMMs, but most use proprietary memory cards.
Most laptops bags advertise their contents, placing the wearer in danger of theft.
A lapwing is a plover
Lapwings are shorebirds .
Lapwings are shorebirds.
Lapwings provide complex migratory patterns.
Lapworth locks are easy enough and in a very pleasant environment.
Larcenies dont have to be reported.
Larcenies occur when items are left unattended.
Larceny can be anything from shoplifting to theft from cars, etc.
Larceny is a felony
Larceny is a lesser included offense of armed robbery.
Larceny is born of want and opportunity.
Larceny is defined as theft.
Larceny is felonies.
Larceny is legal term for wrongful taking of property.
Larceny is probably the most common criminal offense.
Larceny is the legal term for stealing.
Larceny is used when talking about stealing someone's property in regards to the law.
Larceny leaps off a balcony.
Larceny never uses the trapping version of the tagged add instruction.
Larch canker can kill both mature and immature trees.
Larch forests claim the thin, waterlogged substrate in level areas underlain with permafrost.
Larch logs are sawn into fencing and packaging products.
Larch needles are short and delicate, in fascicles of many leaves each.
Larch wood is very valuable because it is resistant and it grows quickly .
Larch wood is very valuable because it is resistant and it grows quickly.
A larch is wood
Larches are one example of a coniferous tree found in some of the coldest regions.
Larches are perhaps deciduous so they can be other than spire-shaped and still shed winter snow.
Larches are the only deciduous conifers.
Larches are unique in that although they are conifers, they shed all their needles in the autumn.
Larches differ from most other conifers because they are deciduous.
Larches dominant the taiga biome, usually in Canada and Russia.
Larches grown in woodlands have much shorter crowns.
Larches lose their leaves in the fall.
Larches work the same way.
Larchs are conifers.
Larchs are wood.
Lard is edible fat
Lard tastes really great, With peanut butter and beef.
LARDs contain long LTRs and a long, conserved internal domain that shows no protein coding capacity.
Larder isa food.
Larder isa nutrient.
Large accessories can create drama and interest.
All large accommodations are fully air-conditioned.
Large accounts are a mixed blessing.
Large accounts consume large chunks of available time.
Large acreages are in brush, reverting to woodland.
Large acreages owned by industry operators in developed areas naturally attract wildlife.
Large ads draw more readers than small ads.
Large addition including a boat building shop is under construction.
Large adenoid causes nasal block, snoring and sometimes otitis media witheffusion.
Large adenoids can cause nasal obstruction and be associated with glue ear.
Large adenoids can contribute to ear infections.
Large adenoids can impair nose breathing and require a child to breathe through the mouth.
Large adenoids can lead to blockage of sinus drainage and sinus disease.
Large adenoids can press on the Eustachian tubes interfering with their proper function.
Large adenoids cause nasal obstruction.
Large adenomas have a greater malignant potential than small adenomas.
Large adults are mostly piscivorous, and efficient predators of small fish.
Large adults are somber-colored.
Large adults can inflict a painful bite.
Large adults can stay underwater for over an hour without breathing.
Large adults eat fish.
Large adults feed frequently, often diving during high tide.
Large adults have few predators other than humans.
Large adults have few, if any, predators other than man.
Large adults have jaws.
Large adults have powerful jaws.
Large adults have predators.
Large adults have reddish-oragne anal and tail fin.
Large adults take care to stay near the trunk of trees when climbing.
Large adults take care.
Most large adults eat fish.
Most large adults have jaws.
Most large adults have powerful jaws.
Most large adults have predators.
Most large adults take care.
Some large adults consume fish.
Some large adults consume small fish.
Some large adults push body weight.
Some large adults push own body weight.
Some large adults push weight.
Large advances are nice.
Large advantages exist for corporations in the form of tax-deductible benefit and retirement plans.
Large advertisements are available at discount rates.
Large african antelopes have horns.
Large aftershocks can cause significant damage and loss of life.
Large aftershocks tend to occur sooner rather than later.
Large agencies have the habit of separating copywriters and artists.
Large agencies maintain hundreds of different record systems.
Many large agencies have some level of auditing work.
Most large agencies employ sales associates who specialize in short-term rentals.
Large aggregates increase aeration and improve moisture conditions in the soil.
Large aircraft are the least likely to experience interference from PEDs carried aboard.
Most large airlines have a third pilot in the cockpit who doubles as flight engineer.
Large airports have air traffic controllers that guide aircraft through that pattern.
Many large airports are near or at full capacity.
Most large airports have entire sections of the airport and warehouses for dealing with air cargo.
Most large airports have peak times for arrivals and departures, also known as banks of flights.
Large airspaces give the receptacle a spongy texture.
Large albums are very expensive to ship.
Large ales create the opportunity for many teams to dance and party together.
Large alligators attack animals.
Large alligators bask along the edge of lakes and wetlands.
Some large alligators attack humans.
Some large alligators provide services.
Some large alligators provide vital ecological services.
Large allocations are more convenient to manage.
Large amounts are to be avoided.
Large amounts are toxic.
Large amounts can also cause children's teeth to become brown and mottled.
Large amounts can be fatal.
Large amounts can be fatally poisonous.
Large amounts can be lethal.
Large amounts can cause appetite loss, nausea, and headache.
Large amounts can cause coma and death.
Large amounts can cause gastrointestinal upset, vomiting, abdominal pain.
Large amounts can cause increased blood pressure, nerve damage or cardiovascular disease.
Large amounts can cause restlessness and and insomnia.
Large amounts can kill.
Large amounts can pose health risks of their own.
Large amounts can produce goitre and various forms of thyroid disease.
Large amounts can pull down power lines and tree branches.
Large amounts cause hyperirritability and spasms.
Large amounts have to be taken orally to see biological effects.
Large amounts stimulate central nervous system.
Large amounts taken internally can cause fatal poisoning.
Some large amounts cause problems.
Large amplifiers are capable of drawing large currents.
Large amplitude pulses travel at the same speed as small amplitude pulses.
Large amplitudes occur when the driving force is in phase with the natural vibration of the system.
Most large anemones have a pair of adults that live there permanently.
Large angles cover more area but introduce more perspective.
Large angles produce shuttlecock-like stability.
Large animals abound, and sharks, sea lions, seals and turtles are seen during nearly every dive.
Large animals are an unusual host for fleas.
Large animals are common to the area because of the deep water at the drop-off close by.
Large animals are probably too big to be heterotherms due to the effects of thermal inertia.
Large Animals Being large also has consequences.
Large animals can' t help but be conspicuous.
Large animals come to water.
Large animals deer, elk, moose, antelope, require areas cleared by fire for forage.
Large animals expend energy.
Large animals forage for roots.
Large animals have areas.
Large animals have jaws.
Large animals have low surface areas.
Large animals have surface areas.
Large animals lean and rub themselves on corners and uprights, same principles apply to fencing.
Large animals live longer.
Large animals lose body heat more slowly than small animals.
Large animals mate.
Large animals need food.
Large animals possess structures.
Large animals require food.
Large animals tend to be fairly independent.
Large animals tend to do well, particularly if they are able to get to high ground.
Large animals use blood.
All large animals are dangerous when cornered.
All large animals deserve take good care and treatment.
Many large animals migrate up here for their summer forage.
Most large animals come to water.
Most large animals expend energy.
Most large animals have areas.
Most large animals have jaws.
Most large animals have low surface areas.
Most large animals have surface areas.
Most large animals possess structures.
Most large animals require food.
Most large animals use blood.
Some large animals are more dependent on water and rely on their mobility to reach water sources.
Some large animals can only use large trees for shelter.
Some large animals eat animals.
Some large animals find in grassland.
Some large animals graze on foliage.
Some large animals graze on trees.
Some large animals graze on young trees.
Some large animals have large thermal inertia.
Some large animals have layers.
Some large animals have thermal inertia.
Some large animals kill cats.
Some large animals live entirely on ants and other insects for their survival.
Some large animals prey on mice.
Some large animals take advantage.
Some large animals weigh tons.
Large antelope can survive on lower quality food in times of little rain.
Large antelopes can survive on lower quality food in times of little rain.
Large antelopes have heads.
Large antelopes have horns.
Large antelopes live on the interior plain of Namibia.
Large antelopes rely on vegetation.
Large antelopes survive on food.
Large antelopes survive on lower quality food.
Most large antelopes have heads.
Most large antelopes have horns.
Most large antelopes rely on vegetation.
Most large antelopes survive on food.
Most large antelopes survive on lower quality food.
Some large antelopes have body length.
Some large antelopes have length.
Large aperture can overwhelm some of it's subtle color.
Large aperture makes it more difficult to learn the art of observing.
Large apertures are very expensive.
Large apertures can give inaccurate results in crowded fields.
Large apertures show gleaming points right to the centre.
Large apples tend to mature faster and as a result can be a little mealy.
Large appliances are responsible for a big portion of a household's energy use.
Large appliances includes stove with oven, refrigerator, microwave, dishwasher, washer and dryer.
Large applications require equally large, powerful, and costly hardware and operating systems.
Most large applications consist of many smaller programs and data files.
Large aquamarines are relatively common.
Large aquariums sit at the end of some booths.
Large aquatic mammals have tops.
Large arcs appear to indicate the constraint axis.
Large archways lead to the main hall and dramatic staircase.
Large area is needed to accommodate all the students.
Large area requires fewer interconnects and structural members.
Large areas absorb energy.
Large areas are cheaper per acre than small ones.
Large areas are covered with pebbles of varying sizes.
Large areas are desert, or classed as dry lands and getting drier.
Large areas are idle and support seedling birch and pine, bracken fern, and blueberries.
Large areas are idle or in residential developments.
Large areas are in nonfarm uses.
Large areas are in residential developments.
Large areas are left unpainted so that the raw linen acts as both colour and texture.
Large areas are open and flat, but some of the steeper hills are wooded.
Large areas are rich in minerals copper, coal, gold, lead, molybdenum, silver, and zinc.
Large areas are still inaccessible.
Large areas are still to be excavated.
Large areas are still unbricked to allow room to bring in oversized machinery, etc.
Large areas are under fodder grass cultivation.
Large areas consist of lacustrine sand deposits that have flat to gently undulating surfaces.
Large areas consist of large, pleomorphic cells with vesicular nuclei and marginated chromatin.
Large areas consist of pine plantation.
Large areas consist of swamp land and marshes.
Large areas distort due to the earth's curvature.
Large areas have no health services at all.
Large areas have saline-sodic affected soils.
Large areas pose more challenging problems.
Large areas show bare aluminum.
Large areas take places.
Most large areas absorb energy.
Most large areas take places.
Some large areas influence lake effect snowstorms.
Some large areas influence snowstorms.
Large arrangements require all of a florist's talents.
Large arrays can also cause problems.
Large arrows indicate directions of major tectonic displacement.
Large arrows indicate general plate motion directions.
Large arrows show direction of calculated movement of magnetic pole and equator.
Some large arrows indicate sites.
Large arteries have their own blood supply system, from which the plaque-feeding capillaries arise.
Large asparagus are harvested and sold in uniform sizes according to the diameter of the spears.
Large assortment features approx.
Large atoms give off more energy from fission than they require in order to initiate fission.
Large attachments can bog down recipient's incoming email.
Large attachments can clog the recipient's mailbox.
Large attachments choke bandwidth.
Large attachments slow down the network and waste mail server space.
Large attention is given to influence of antimutagens on reparation processes.
Large attic has potential for development.
Large audiences attract the advertising dollars which keep the newspaper or the station running.
Large audiences have awareness.
Most large audiences have awareness.
Large audits require a lot of planning and execution.
Large augers increase grain flow and small children can be submerged in only seconds.
Large authorities pay more at higher levels.
Large b corresponds to many small crystals, and small b to scattered large porphyroblasts.
Large babies make for more difficult vaginal deliveries.
Large backpacks are more comfortable for the child and offer greater support.
Large backpacks are useful for weekend traveling.
Large backyard has nice wood deck and is fully wood fenced.
Large backyard has room for a pool.
Large backyard is enclosed with a privacy fence.
Large bagels are about three to four bread servings.
Large balances can build up quickly.
Large balconies overlook either the water or gardens.
Large balcony overlooks sea and beaches.
Large balcony wraps around three sides of home.
Large bales can be a difficult to handle when being fed in confined areas other than open feedlots.
Large ball catches any type of plunger.
Large balls are fun to roll around.
Large ballroom has Moorish influence.
Large banks are far more complex institutions.
Large banks are less responsive to the needs of households.
Large banks can enter an appealing market through a strong community bank.
Large banks consider small-time customers to be a loosing proposition.
Large banks have more aggressive plans to offer business Internet banking services.
Large banks like to do business with large corporations.
Large banks merge to form even larger mega-banks.
Large banks require higher minimum balances to avoid fees.
Large banks say advisory services are down and merger activities slowed.
Many large banks are dealers and market makers for government obligations.
Many large banks have branches everywhere.
Most large banks have their own compliance departments.
Large banners are available for interstate pages.
Large banners are out.
Large banquettes line the walls, ideal for watching the action on the busy dance floor.
Large barbecues are on hand.
Large barges are available and there is a research station on the lake shores.
Large barrel reverses into squirrel food.
Large barrettes Use the hot glue gun to stick the larger beads on the big barrettes.
Large base allows plenty of room for engraving special event, achievement or monogram.
Large basement adds to the possibilities.
Large basket accepts unpeeled cloves.
Large bass are like whitetail deer.
Large bass grow huge in stages.
Large batches take more time.
Large bathroom includes double vanity, sunken tub, and separate tile shower.
Large bathroom is appointed with tub and shower.
Large battalions are always victorious.
Large battery leads.
Large battles can get confusing at first due to the small size of the battle field.
Large beak birds have offspring.
Large beakers contain water.
Large beakers fill with cool water.
Large beakers fill with water.
Most large beakers contain water.
Most large beakers fill with cool water.
Most large beakers fill with water.
Large bearings allow the two halves of the board to rotate against each other.
Large bearings withstand extreme hydraulic pressure.
Most large beds extend far from the walls or have four posters, which shrink a room.
All large bedrooms are up.
Large beetles spread in the large area, annihilating all the vegetation in their way.
Large bells require a week or two to cool.
Large bets require financing from a venture capitalist.
Large bins filled with vinyl discs create a long center aisle.
Many large birch grow on the sides of the ridge.
Large birds are birds.
Large birds belong to families.
Large birds can be dangerous, inflicting serious injury to people.
Large birds can easily tear small toys into smaller, easily choked on pieces.
Large birds can go a day or two without consuming much food.
Large birds defend large territories.
Large birds eat prey.
Large birds have heads.
Large birds have offspring.
Large birds have plumages.
Large birds have white plumages.
Large birds live in habitats.
Large birds live on shores.
Large birds seem to be doing well but all the little ones have dropped away.
Large birds take food.
Large birds use keen senses.
Large birds use senses.
Many large birds look alike.
Most large birds belong to families.
Most large birds eat prey.
Most large birds have heads.
Most large birds have offspring.
Most large birds have plumages.
Most large birds have white plumages.
Most large birds live in habitats.
Most large birds live on shores.
Most large birds take food.
Most large birds use keen senses.
Some large birds eat babies.
Some large birds have patches.
Large birth spacing however, has serious consequences for successful gene continuance.
Large bits require a large router and reduced speeds.
Large blade offers good directional control and acceleration.
Large blind is twice the small blind.
Large blood vessels carry blood.
Large blooms are especially admirable when associated with long spikes and extreme vigor in growth.
Large blooms are fragrant, free-flowering and recurrent.
Large blooms can even change the color of the water to green, yellow-brown, or red.
Large boas are extremely strong and use their tails often to secure themselves.
Large boat dock.
Large boat goes by in channel.
Large boats are unable to navigate the shallow backwater lakes.
Large bodies can also produce more hair if they also have dense hair follicles.
Large bodies cool less rapidly than small bodies.
Large bodies have smaller surface areas in respect to volume than do small bodies.
Large bodies move slowly.
Large bolides escape Mars easier.
Large bones are more likely to survive to be fossilized than small bones.
Large bonuses go to the most frugal.
Large books are spiral or coil bound, and lay flat when open.
Large bookstores have special vampire sections.
Any large bookstore has a few shelves of books about exercise and fitness.
Most large bookstores require both.
Most large bookstores sell books in English, some also in French, Spanish and Italian.
Some large bottles hold about liters.
Large bottlers are in a fight for profit.
Large boulders appear to be partly buried in the surface material.
Large boulders appear to be suspended in the black shock-melted glass.
Large boulders are also present in most of the chambers.
Large boulders block the path.
Large boulders evidence the force of the water that deposited the diamonds.
Large boulders fill the stream bed and a chute of loose, jagged talus and scree descends from above.
Large boulders lie around the island and whitetip reef sharks are sleeping underneath.
Large boulders line the bed, bank and valley walls.
Large boulders offer cover, as well as small weed patches within the rocks.
Large boulders scattered about the terrain are a common sight in the mountainous regions.
Large boulders speck the forest floor, remnants of the ice age.
Some large boulders appear to be made up of many smaller rocks cemented together.
Some large boulders are erratics.
Large bowl has a set of prayer beads used to strike the bronze bell.
Large bowl is six-feet deep.
Large bowls are another effective accessory.
Large boxes are for light things.
Large boxes provide needed space for busy families to mark in everyday events.
Large boxes serve the same purpose.
Most large bras have seams in the cups.
Large brackets decorate the dormer, roof, and porch eaves.
Large brains let animals work in larger and more effective teams.
Large brains require large skulls.
Large branches are known as boughs and small branches are known as twigs.
Large branches can break off and drop.
Large branches can use a lot of water.
Large brass handle.
Large breasts are better.
Large breasts can be the source of problems in many aspects of a woman's life.
Large breasts can be uncomfortable and over time become more difficult to tolerate.
Large breasts can be very uncomfortable for a person's frame to support.
Large breasts can be very uncomfortable.
Large breasts come in ALL different sizes.
Large breasts come in many different sizes, shapes, and on different body types.
Large breeds have slightly shorter life spans than small breeds.
Large breeds show evidence.
Most large breeds show evidence.
Some large breeds enter puberty later.
Large breeders like to breed for two or three of the categories.
Large bridges can be tricky because of the currents.
Large brokerages have research departments that look into macroeconomic factors.
Some large brokerages have a single broker for a large area with many offices.
Large brooms are relatively warm in winter and cool in summer.
Large brown algas live in shallow water.
Large brown algas live in water.
Large brown seaweed knows as kelp.
Large brushes tend to miss corners and are difficult to manoeuvre.
Large bubbles can actually tear the walls of blood vessels causing considerable damage.
Large bubbles collect at pressure minima in standing wave conditions.
Large bubbles contain gases.
Most large bubbles contain gases.
Large bucks make large tracks.
Large bucks tend to go over an around obstructions.
Large budgets are inherently easier to manage than small budgets.
Large buffers refers to a point in the process where work collects.
Large build go up one size for room.
Large buildings are buildings.
Large buildings require about six to ten weeks.
Large buildings require several sprinkler systems and several water supplies.
Most large buildings are mixed use, many apartments and condos, many work places.
Most large buildings use air handlers with chilled water coils.
Large bulbs can produce as many as three flower stalks.
Large bulbs produce larger flowers.
Large bulbs store well.
Large bulbs tend to be tough and woody.
Large bulls can be heavily scarred from fights with other males during the breeding season.
Large bulls urinate on the ground to signify territorial boundaries.
Large bulls use their antlers to intimidate and spar with other males.
Large bullheads continue to be caught on several local lakes after sunset.
Large bumps can create some wheel jouncing, evidence of the comfort setting.
Large bunker protects green right.
Large bunker protects right of green, making approach to middle of green the prudent option.
Large bunkers can really cause some frustration.
Large bunkers protect the entrance to the green.
Large burls are common.
Some large burrows have chambers.
Large buses follow the delegation's vans, barely managing to navigate the rugged road.
Large bush fire causes damage.
Large bush fire causes extensive damage.
Large business is discouraged from hiring labour by too much regulation and legislated wages.
Large business tends to dominate the South African mining industry.
Large businesses are especially hard hit.
Large businesses are potentially a major source of revenue for cable TV operators.
Large businesses are.
Large businesses can create shareholder value that overwhelms the value that the dotcoms can create.
Large businesses do a lot of different things, and therefore have a lot of different software needs.
Large businesses eat smaller ones for breakfast to grow bigger and less personal still.
Large businesses have access to the large venture capital funds.
Large businesses have more restrictions and rules than small businesses.
Large businesses have teams to divide work and maintain motivation.
Large businesses have the bargaining power to provide lower premiums and greater benefits.
Large businesses obtain benefits due to their expenditure on telecommunications services.
Large businesses send out press releases constantly.
Large businesses spend millions just finding new markets.
Large businesses throw money at problems until the problem is solved or the project fails .
Large businesses use Publisher to produce quick and professional in- house publications.
Large businesses work differently.
All large businesses have one.
Every large business has a management team.
Many large businesses contribute money to benefit communities where they have offices or plants.
Many large businesses establish their own private networks to carry branch office traffic.
Many large businesses grow from the acquisition of smaller firms.
Many large businesses have direct connections to the Internet.
Many large businesses have their main offices there .
Many large businesses have their main offices there.
Many large businesses scratch each other's backs.
Many large businesses upgrade computer equipment often.
Most large businesses are corporations.
Most large businesses are hard at work fixing their hardware and software.
Most large businesses have enterprise systems at their primary information processing systems.
Most large businesses recognize that being a small business is no easy task.
Some large businesses feel that ASPs are really designed only for smaller organizations.
Large butterfly swimming pool offers relaxing environment ideally for sun bathing.
Large buttons allow start and stop of tests just by touching the monitor.
Large buttons allow young children to follow the story easily.
Large buttons are easier to find and use.
Large Buttons Make buttons as large as possible for students with visual disabilities.
Large buttons make changing functions easy.
Large buttons make it easy to use.
Large buyers have less power to negotiate because of few alternatives.
Large buyers have less power to negotiate because of few close alternatives.
Large cabbages can crack and split.
Large cabinets are also available that open to reveal a set of drawers.
Large cable is needed because of the high currents necessary to drive the speakers.
Large cables require a larger bend radius within their loops than smaller cables.
Large cafes look onto the park and entertainment of some sort usually appears.
Large calcifications are characteristic of benign lesions.
Large calorimeters are used in the experiments.
Large CAMs are usually slower and much more expensive than ordinary memory.
Large camp has variety of repairs on camp facilities.
Large campfires are out.
Large campuses can have more choices to offer.
Large cans fall off a shelf as if swept by an invisible arm.
Large cancers are more likely than smaller cancers to spread to the nodes.
Large candelabrums hang from the ceiling.
Large canopy protects from the sun.
Large canyons exist and there is evidence of former water erosion .
Large capacity handles everything from moldings to log cabin timbers to produce more profits.
Large capacity includes organizer and file pocket, business cards, and zipper pocket.
Large capacity is perfect for sunglasses, keys, gloves, wallet and so much more.
Large capacity means fewer stops for refill.
Large cape can hang straight down.
Large cars are much safer than small cars.
Large cars offer comfort and roominess while smaller cars tend to be easier to park and more nimble.
Large cardamom is a perennial cash crop grown beneath the forest cover on marginal lands.
Large cardinals do it inaccessibly.
Large cargo holds below.
Large carnivores can get loose and attack people, as cougars and wolf hybrids are wont to do.
Large carnivores eat animals.
Large carnivores eat dead animals.
Large carnivores kill livestock.
Large carnivores prey on deer.
Most large carnivores eat animals.
Most large carnivores eat dead animals.
Most large carnivores kill livestock.
Most large carnivores prey on deer.
Some large carnivores have functions.
Some large carnivores provide ecosystem services.
Some large carnivores provide services.
Large carp make exciting targets for archers during spring spawning and under spotlights at night.
Large carpenter bees visit flowers.
All large carriers are available in snap-open versions, too.
Most large carriers have flights into Monterey.
Large carrots are often too fibrous.
Large cases are more heavily staffed.
Large casts are another.
Large castings require no pre-heat or arcing.
Large cats avoid riparian woodlands.
Large catches are possible, with rigs kept as light as possible to avoid spooking the fish.
Large catches can become small ones.
Large categories are at once comfortable and awe-inspiring.
Large caterpillars are solitary feeders, but commonly rest in large clusters.
Large caterpillars feed during summer.
Large caterpillars pupate in the soil where they spend the winter.
Most large caterpillars feed during summer.
Large catfish are good food fish, and the madtoms and stonecat are good bass bait.
Large catfish are plentiful as well as most other fish caught in the area.
Large catfish are usually the first to die.
Large catfish eat fish almost exclusively.
Large catfish live in many rivers throughout the world, where they are important scavengers.
Large cattle feeding operations are common.
Large cattle ranches in elk country often have good resident elk herds.
Many large caves are in the area, one large enough to land a helicopter in the opening.
Some large cavities require flushes.
Large cecums serve functions.
Most large cecums serve functions.
Large celestite geodes.
Large cell is a term used in oncology .
Large cells appear to be dark shades while small cells appear to be lighter shades.
Large cells are abnormal cells.
Large cells are cells.
Large cells have a smaller ratio of surface area to volume than do small cells.
Large cells surround dorsal fenestra.
Some large centipedes eat cane spiders.
Some large centipedes eat spiders.
Large centres tend to have a sufficient amount of data for internal studies.
Some large centres conduct large evaluation studies which can be built upon.
Large chains do have programs to develop sales supervisors and managers.
Large chains hold demonstrations throughout the day to show off and promote the new software.
Large chains pay opticians on a commission basis.
Large chains recruit many graduates and offer a one-year internship.
Large chameleons are able to consume vertebrates as well.
Large changes can come from local, individual decisions.
Large changes carry the threat of massive dislocation.
Large changes result from major rearrangements of genetic information.
Large changes result in very steep gradients which result in very large filter weight adaptations.
Large characters allow high visibility.
Most large charities are highly adept at getting media coverage.
Most large charities offer pooled income trusts.
Large Charters Are Our Specialty.
Large cheeseburgers continue to be one of the fastest growing sandwiches in foodservice.
Large cherub has a dried floral halo and holds a colorful bouquet of flowers.
Large chestnuts are preferred but pricing is by weight.
Large chickens are more flavorful than fryers.
Large chips are acceptable.
Large chorus sounds like a series of riviting machines all going at once.
Large chunks are pretty repetitive, while others add lots of variance in patterns.
Large chunks take longer to melt, whereas small pieces melt quicker and more evenly.
Large churches are also much more likely to use scanners and computer networks.
Large churches are the rule.
Large churches are twice as likely to carry building debt than smaller churches.
Large churches depend on small groups to make everything more personal.
Large churches keep more attendees . . .
Large churches use body-life participation principles.
Every large church has one main altar and four or five smaller altars along each side.
Many large churches are square buildings with round seating.
Some large churches are large because the people who attend like a candy-coated gospel.
Large cigars can take between one and two hours to smoke.
Some large cigars have as much nicotine as a whole pack of cigarettes.
Large circle is origin.
Large circle shows the illumination pattern of the corrector .
Large circles are oxygen atoms, and small circles are nickel.
Large circles show the position of the main shock as reported by different agencies.
Large cities appear on land filled with extreme details that really add to the game experience.
Large cities are notorious for crime.
Large cities are the most explosive substances known to human science.
Large cities are very much a part of the landscape but so too are the rural areas of the region.
Large cities can learn from smaller cities and vice versa.
Large cities contrast with quiet woodlands and heaths.
Large cities contribute disproportionately to regional or national GDP compared to their population.
Large cities erupt in rioting and looting.
Large cities experience much change.
Large cities get the lion's share of federal law enforcement dollars earmarked for cities and towns.
Large cities have a wider variety of goods and activities, but congestion is worse as well.
Large cities have autonomous city governments.
Large cities have luxury hotels and accomodations.
Large cities have many districts.
Large cities have many divisions such as wards or precincts.
Large cities have multiple districts.
Large cities offer excellent cultural opportunities but can be expensive and impersonal.
Large cities offer zoos.
Large cities produce an urban heat island effect.
Large cities provide four-lane highways.
Large cities provide pressurized hydrants for use in fighting fires.
Large cities tend to offer more services from more providers than remote locations.
Every large city has a foundations center Many school districts or departments offer grants.
Every large city seems to have at least one revolving restaurant.
Many large cities are located near rivers or oceans so that they can exchange goods cheaply by boat.
Many large cities are still without central sewage systems for their millions of residents.
Many large cities contain more than one zip code.
Many large cities have associations of patent attorneys.
Many large cities have hundreds of zip codes.
Many large cities have many skyscrapers .
Many large cities have many skyscrapers.
Many large cities have modeling clubs.
Many large cities have specialized courts, like landlord-tenant or juvenile courts.
Most large cities have a general hospital.
Most large cities have active expatriate organizations.
Most large cities have American schools, or a bilingual English language school.
Most large cities have an IMAX cinema.
Most large cities have branches of the public library that specialize in providing job information.
Most large cities have commercial translators who are hired on a fee-basis.
Most large cities have commercial translators who translate for a fee.
Most large cities have either a central bus station or bus changing hub.
Most large cities have one or more publications of foreclosure and distress property notices.
Most large cities have one, and they can usually be found in the local Christian book store.
Most large cities have stock exchanges.
Most large cities have thousands of such buildings.
Most large cities offer a wide range of volunteer opportunities.
Most large cities suffer from congestion during rush hour.
Some large cities are near rivers.
Some large cities compost, dry, sterilize and bag the sludge for sale to landscaping companies.
Some large cities have thousands of career firefighters, while many small towns have only a few.
Large clans are especially common where there are large populations of ungulates.
Large classes affect outcomes, as the studies mentioned above have demonstrated.
Large classes are a continuing challenge.
Large classes are hard on teachers, and on many students.
Large classes are noisier, so it is more difficult to hear what's going on.
Large classes can also be a barrier to full inclusion.
Large classes can also benefit from cooperative learning.
Large classes can simply use a subset of students.
Large classes deprive students of adequate time to practice speaking English.
Large classes present a challenge in developing collaborative learning and teaching techniques.
Large classes require rules that are inflexible.
Large classes tend to be worst.
Large classrooms are available for larger performing groups.
Large classrooms put children at a disadvantage and reduce the quality of education they receive.
Large clients have people on their payroll.
Large clips can hit the dog painfully under the jaw or on.
Large cliques elude the metropolis process.
Large closets are the rule throughout the house.
Large closets compliment the dressers and night stands in each.
Large closets provide plenty of storage.
Large clots can obstruct blood flow.
Large clots take much longer to disintegrate, so more damage is done.
Large cloth lubricating pad in plastic case dispenses lube evenly.
Large clothespins work better than standard clothespins.
Large clothespins work better than standard pins.
Large clouds contain enough mass to create hundreds of stars.
Some large clubs divide into older and younger members or by project interests.
Some large clubs have members fill an office or committee chair for half the year.
Large clusters appear on the tips of new branches beginning in early summer and continue into fall.
Large cockpit accommodates paddlers of all sizes.
Large coffee can and mallet with vacuum pump assembly.
Large cohorts yield more reliable statistics than case reports.
Large collection check it out.
Large collections are always impressive, but there is often a price to pay.
Large collections are still too often the crude measure of effectiveness.
Large collections can take years to process.
Large collections have longer collection descriptions, which often include contents lists.
Large collections obstruct water flow and cause creek bank erosion.
Large colonies can only survive in healthy mangrove forests.
Large colonies develop from long, creeping rhizomes.
Large colonies occupy territory.
Large colonies replace native grasses, sedges and rushes.
Most large colonies occupy territory.
Some large colonies consist of treehoppers.
Some large colonies have pairs.
Some large colonies produce honey.
Some large colonies reach numbers.
Large communities are concerned with the erosion of revenues.
Most large communities have an Internet provider.
Most large communities have constant openings at the patrol level.
Most large communities have kennel clubs which sponsor dog shows.
Large companies account for a steadily declining share of employment and value added.
Large companies appear to be handling the workers' comp issue more easily than smaller ones.
Large companies appear well on the way to solving the problem with time to spare.
Large companies appear well on the way to solving the problem, with time to spare.
Large companies are able to virtually dictate premium prices and plan options to patients.
Large companies are also eligible for support.
Large companies are also more likely to absorb health-care cost increases.
Large companies are also more likely to provide benefits to their employees.
Large companies are also stronger because they offer more employment stability.
Large companies are always reluctant to take risks with untested technologies.
Large companies are difficult to find, though rumors abound.
Large companies are more likely to be involved in electronic commerce and encrypted transactions.
Large companies are most likely to be rewarded for such expansion outside the United States.
Large companies are often bureaucratic, inefficient and poor at communicating.
Large companies are the most likely to be bumped off by killer apps.
Large companies are truly borderless and are moving into uncharted territory.
Large companies buy up network capacity and congest the Net with their bandwidth-hungry commerce.
Large companies can afford to spend whatever it takes to keep their sites up to speed.
Large companies can also have different accounts under one consolidated bill.
Large companies can be resourceful and powerful.
Large companies can get that whenever they want.
Large companies can let their individual travelers make the reservations.
Large companies can lose millions of dollars when their computer systems fail.
Large companies can manage separate installations with the same administrative tools.
Large companies can now own their own computers.
Large companies can raise hundreds of millions of dollars in public offerings.
Large companies can reduce sales and stocking costs by selling online.
Large companies continue to converge on Shanghai.
Large companies control the world of business.
Large companies convert huge amounts of currency each year.
Large companies do have certain advantages.
Large companies do strange things.
Large companies do things via teams.
Large companies do.
Large companies don t have the luxury of profiting from a narrow niche.
Large companies enjoy economies of scale in purchasing and marketing.
Large companies establish Web sites and search for ways to attract the Internet masses.
Large companies excel in large industrial security applications.
Large companies expect suppliers to accept electronic purchase orders.
Large companies have a safety engineer or a safety director who keeps minutes of safety meetings.
Large companies have a separate personnel department.
Large companies have an advantage in serving customers with multiple locations.
Large companies have an entire department set up to field questions and complaints from the public.
Large companies have an unfair advantage wherever lawsuits become commonplace.
Large companies have deep pockets, brand recognition, and a big customer base.
Large companies have divisions and subsidiaries with different names.
Large companies have higher average starting salaries than small companies.
Large companies have hundreds of empty cartridges to dispose of each month.
Large companies have in-house travel departments or contract out travel booking to a travel agency.
Large companies have many vice presidents.
Large companies have more resources and easier access to the latest technology.
Large companies have no interest in the security of consumers.
Large companies have personnel offices which can provide the same kind of information.
Large companies have process and procedures for everything.
Large companies have some of the best scientists and best research equipment in the world.
Large companies have synergies of scale.
Large companies have the issues of what the Internet can mean to how they sell things.
Large companies have their own standards built up over years of trading.
Large companies have thousands of supervisory employees.
Large companies have to deal with an increasing demand for enterprise communications.
Large companies have to embark on substantial reorganizations, which is very expensive.
Large companies hold large meetings, and there are always people who can t make it.
Large companies influence smaller companies, public perception and determine business norms.
Large companies keep and maintain three to six backup copies of important information.
Large companies know how to use it, and they use it well.
Large companies maintain in-house government relations staffs.
Large companies make contracts.
Large companies offer it as part of orientation training.
Large companies pay higher retainer fees.
Large companies pay well and have good benefit programs.
Large companies see customer service as a cost, and an opportunity to up-sell.
Large companies sell products.
Large companies spend big bucks profiling who all is on the Web and what it is they're looking for.
Large companies spend billions on building their brand.
Large companies take over the technology amid fierce competition and patent battles.
Large companies tend to be more hierarchical than smaller companies.
Large companies tend to consider the experiences of other countries.
Large companies tend to make recruitment visits in Spring term.
Large companies tend to prosper when small ones are bleeding.
Large companies tend to set the standards once involved in a market.
Large companies tend to view developments more favourably than SMEs.
Large companies think in exactly the same way, although on a much bigger scale.
Large companies turn to network integrators to keep the heart of their systems beating.
Large companies use Honduran coffees to improve blends.
Large companies use it for strategy development, project planning and web design.
Large companies use it to track all sorts of information about their business.
Large company builds throughout the Southeast.
All large companies employ environmental attorneys.
All large companies have headquarter which control the business.
All large companies have vast amounts of information.
All large companies try to present a corporate image.
Every large company is faced with a range of challenging problems.
Many large companies are capable of video conferencing in their board rooms.
Many large companies are force feeding their employees on diversity and cultural sensitivity.
Many large companies are happy to pay big bucks for quality lists.
Many large companies are very decentralized.
Many large companies can provide men and women with a wide variety of personalities and backgrounds.
Many large companies do.
Many large companies have an Internet connection for their engineering staff.
Many large companies have internal document stores that exceed terabytes of information.
Many large companies have such a strategy under consideration.
Many large companies have their Middle East headquarters in Bahrain.
Many large companies have web sites with information about their products.
Many large companies hire law school graduates as personnel managers.
Many large companies hire their own safety consultants, but it's harder for small businesses.
Many large companies liquidate perfectly good items in order to make room for the newer merchandise.
Many large companies look for liberal arts grads to enter management training programs.
Many large companies post jobs right on their Web pages.
Many large companies post their job openings in their personnel offices.
Many large companies publish their annual reports on their web sites.
Many large companies recruit on college campuses.
Many large companies recycle their office paper, for example.
Many large companies regard such insights highly and pay engineers fat bonuses for the best ones.
Many large companies use a point system, assigning points to technical experience and education.
Many large companies use firewalls to protect against hackers.
Many large companies use it quite successfully.
Many large companies use psychometric testing to build the right team.
More large companies consider locating in communities where there are large pools of job applicants.
Most large companies allow employees remote dial-in access to the company network.
Most large companies anticipate the possibility of a major disaster and plan accordingly.
Most large companies are a collection of smaller business units.
Most large companies are compliant.
Most large companies are metric freaks.
Most large companies are ready to face the challenge.
Most large companies are totally incapable of making quick adjustments to salary issues.
Most large companies do hire outside trustees as the costs are more easily absorbed.
Most large companies give employees courses in grading and cutting logs.
Most Large companies have a registered domain name with .
Most large companies have in-house legal counsel that handles routine legal matters.
Most large companies have in-house legal counsel to handle routine legal matters.
Most large companies have line items in their budget for community outreach such as scholarships.
Most large companies have multiple contacts.
Most large companies have some form of a progressive discipline policy.
Most large companies have their own systems in place already.
Most large companies have web sites.
Most large companies maintain separate divisions of people involved in old media and new media.
Most large companies maintain sizeable in-house legal departments.
Most large companies maintain Web sites on which they post current job openings.
Most large companies make contracts.
Most large companies offer out placement help for laid off workers.
Most large companies operate occupational schemes.
Most large companies own or lease small ships or reach agreements with cruise lines.
Most large companies purchase an excess coverage.
Most large companies review and evaluate their employees periodically.
Most large companies reward investors partly in dividends, which are taxed as ordinary income.
Most large companies sell products.
Most large companies supply a phone number on the can, bag or box to call in.
Most large companies use dedicated computer-mediated conferencing connections.
Some large companies allow boy scout troops to meet in their building.
Some large companies do use post office boxes.
Some large companies employ their own location experts.
Some large companies employ training departments.
Some large companies have absolutely gargantuan Web sites.
Some large companies have advantage.
Some large companies have employment listings posted on the Internet.
Some large companies have foundations that make grants.
Some large companies have gay and lesbian employee groups.
Some large companies have growth.
Some large companies have sustain growth.
Some large companies hire herpetologists.
Some large companies host thousands of domains on a single machine.
Some large companies offer free materials to help promote their products in the school environment.
Some large companies operate large networks of subsystems.
Some large companies provide access to inexpensive or free treatment programs for their workers.
Some large companies publish their own style guides.
Some large companies report different activities at the same location as separate profit centers.
Some large companies scan r sum s into a database that they search when seeking new employees.
Some large companies scan resumes into a database that they search when seeking new employees.
Some large companies take care of all the formalities for their employees.
Large compartments feature laptops.
Large compartments feature pad laptops.
Most large compartments feature pad laptops.
Large complexes are apartment buildings or complexes with six or more dwelling units.
Large complexes are uncommon in South County.
Large components can harbor cracks or defects which tend to grow under regular service loads.
Large cons are great fun, with numerous guests and company participation.
Large concentrations are expressed in percentages.
Large concerts shows an actions.
Large concessions indicate that a lot more can still be conceded before the bottom line is reached.
Large cone protrudes from the round air intake in the nose.
Large cones require special packaging to reduce breakage in shipping.
Some large cones contain nuts.
Large congregations face many exciting opportunities and challenges.
Large congregations have a broader variety of activities and many have multiple rabbis.
Some large congregations can make large numbers of people feel welcome, but it is very tough.
Large conifers grow feet.
Most large conifers grow feet.
Some large conifers have forks.
Large connector crimp areas.
Large console features drink holder and motivational electronics.
Large consortiums can use it.
Large consultants are much more involved in environmental business.
Large containers are available for the collection of construction debris.
Large containers are located in cabinets.
Large containers are located in factories.
Large containers are located in gardens.
Large containers are located in juice.
Large containers are located in kitchens.
Large containers are located in pantries.
Large containers are located in restaurants.
Large containers are located in sheds.
Large containers are located in supermarkets.
Large containers are located in tankers.
Large containers are located in warehouses.
Large containers can be expensive and difficult to move when filled with potting mix.
Large containers filled with soil are heavy.
Some large containers soak in water.
Large Contracts Click on photos to enlarge .
Large contracts demand lots of lead time, even though requirements change.
Large controls make usage easier in the field conditions.
Large conurbations produce proportionally much more than rural communities.
Large cookies are also available.
Large corbina are virtually impossible to get up to dry sand using light tackle.
Large corner guard wheel housings and skid plate.
Large corp needs basic computer data entry skills and an ability to handle lost of incoming calls.
Large corporations answer to shareholders.
Large corporations are a culture of cruelty and exploitation.
Large corporations are eager to utilize their scholarly expertise.
Large corporations are fortunate enough to have the internet at their disposal to make money.
Large corporations are happy to pay big bucks for quality lists.
Large corporations are increasingly reluctant to publicize the details of their giving.
Large corporations are kind of the culprits.
Large corporations are more at risk for attempted invasions because of their large profile.
Large corporations are no longer as interested in long-term research and development.
Large corporations are often major violators of human rights.
Large corporations are people who happen to work for large corporations.
Large corporations are the least likely to respond.
Large corporations are too intermingled with politicians.
Large corporations are typically the only customers able to afford the new technology.
Large corporations are usually the ones who deliver the weakest customer service.
Large corporations become transitional.
Large corporations block meaningful change.
Large corporations build public awareness and goodwill.
Large corporations can avoid paying higher prices.
Large corporations can benefit from our services in a number of ways.
Large corporations can learn a lot from large Web portals.
Large corporations can only hear one sound and that is the sound of their profits decreasing.
Large corporations collapse suddenly with little warning.
Large corporations contribute incredible amounts in taxes.
Large corporations dominate business.
Large corporations dominate our world.
Large corporations give discounts to private insurance companies.
Large corporations have complex and diverse impacts on society.
Large corporations have entire departments dedicated to competitive analysis.
Large corporations have entire departments devoted to such activity.
Large corporations have in-house accountants, attorneys, and security experts.
Large corporations have insatiable appetites for telecommunications services of all types.
Large corporations have many operational units that deliver products or services.
Large corporations have private networks to deal with that problem.
Large corporations have the additional option of issuing corporate bonds.
Large corporations have thousands of personnel computers installed on the desks of their employees.
Large corporations invest considerable resources at all stages in the knowledge chain.
Large corporations receive incredible access to politicians.
Large corporations require careful planning.
Large corporations require substantial volumes to warrant producing a specific product.
Large corporations rule the earth and act with impunity toward the individual consumer.
Large corporations spend a huge sum on advertising each year.
Large corporations spend millions annually on professionally designed and constructed websites.
Large corporations spend millions of dollars each year manually installing software.
Large corporations spend millions of dollars each year to maintain their good names.
Large corporations spend millions of dollars on marketing every year.
Large corporations spend probably as much on public relations as on marketing.
Large corporations support restrictions.
Large corporations take an especially long time to change policy.
Large corporations tend to be dispersed.
Large corporations tend to perform various gate-keeping roles for the local community.
Large corporations understand that in the new economy human capital is their defining advantage.
Large corporations use the compiled information to search for potential vendors.
Large corporations view data recovery as more important.
All large corporations pay wages to their employees, and most pay dividends to stockholders.
All large corporations use the accrual-basis of accounting.
Many large corporations allow employees to nominate themselves for openings.
Many large corporations appreciate the opportunity to be associated with community youth groups.
Many large corporations are happy to pay big bucks for guality lists.
Many large corporations are happy to pay big bucks for quality list.
Many large corporations are happy to pay big bucks for quality lists.
Many large corporations are happy to pay big Bucks for quality lists.
Many large corporations are happy to Pay big bucks for quality lists.
Many large corporations are happy to pay big bucks for quality mailing lists.
Many large corporations are happy to pay big money for such lists.
Many large corporations are happy to pay bug bucks for quality lists.
Many large corporations are happy to pay money for quality lists.
Many large corporations are larger than many countries, with incomes larger than many counties GDPs.
Many large corporations buy from large vendors they know.
Many large corporations connect their corporate email systems to the Internet.
Many large corporations do.
Many large corporations have divisions that develop different biometric systems.
Many large corporations have fitness centers on site.
Many large corporations have huge intranets.
Many large corporations have Intranets for their employees.
Many large corporations have investors all over the world.
Many large corporations have their main offices in Montreal .
Many large corporations have their main offices in Montreal.
Many large corporations hire their own attorneys who work only for that corporation.
Many large corporations own private networks that span the globe.
Many large corporations require that their business cards be thermographed.
Many large corporations show a willful disregard for the safety and rights of the consumer.
Many large corporations spend millions of dollars on their website development.
Many large corporations support or buy research.
Many large corporations use the test as a base line indicator of gray matter.
Most large corporations are self-insured.
Most large corporations distribute only a portion of their after-tax earnings to shareholders.
Most large corporations do.
Most large corporations employ their own legal staffs.
Most large corporations have a full-time personnel department.
Most large corporations have commercial policies that cover employees while they're traveling.
Most large corporations have five-year vesting.
Most large corporations resort to storing files on a secondary or tertiary server.
Most large corporations strive to do the same.
Most large corporations support restrictions.
Most large corporations use an automated time-keeping system to facilitate payroll processing.
Some large corporation tend to support fairly radical changes to the current health care system.
Some large corporations are major violators of human rights .
Some large corporations count multiple LMS systems among various training divisions.
Some large corporations elect to house the service behind their firewall as a closed intranet.
Some large corporations hire anthroplogists to study their corporate structure.
Some large corporations show a willful disregard for the safety and rights of the consumer.
Some large corporations use flextime programs successfully.
Large coulters can operate deeper without pushing residue ahead instead of cutting through.
Large counters represent fathers and small counters represent mothers.
Large counterweight provides exceptional lifting capacity and greater stability.
Large counterweight provides increased stability and lifting capacity without increasing clearance.
Large countries are much less likely to go to war with one another.
Large countries have their own unique capabilities and advantages.
Large country eat-in kitchen with built in oven, microwave, dish washer and smooth counter top.
Large country kitchen with all appliances including washer and dryer.
Large country kitchen with all the amenities plus gas and a heat pump.
Large country kitchen with eat-in breakfast bar.
Large country kitchen with island seating and bay windows.
Large country kitchen with island.
Large country kitchen with pecan custom cabinets.
Large country rancher with some upgrades.
Many large counties are of that size today.
Large courses can seem a little more intimate if students can put faces with names.
Large courtyard includes eating area, barbecue, hammock, and lounging chairs.
A large crabgrass is grass
Large crabgrass has a membranous ligule that is truncate and has a jagged appearance.
Large crabgrass is larger, more hairy, and possibly adapted to drier habitats than smooth crabgrass.
Large crabgrass is troublesome in temperate and tropical crops.
Large crabgrasses are crabgrasses.
Large cracks appear in the ground.
Large cracks are numerous and small sinkholes lie seemingly everywhere, waiting for unwary skaters.
Large cracks are visible in mortar between bricks, allowing water to gain entrance.
Large cracks cross both the old and new parts of the bench.
Large cracks develop in the skin, making the patient susceptible to secondary bacterial infections.
Large cracks mean a new tank is needed.
Large craft can lie alongside T-ends of pontoons.
Large crafts are vessels.
Large cranes lift it onto the truck.
Large crank enables removal and replacement of side covers with ease.
Large craters are rare outside of the cratered uplands on Mars.
Large crayons are easier for little hands to grasp.
Many large creeks enter the lake and hold game fish year round.
Large crocodiles can ambush and kill cattle and horses as they come to drink at waterholes.
Large crocodiles have claws.
Large crocodiles have powerful claws.
Large crocodiles live in the canal, especially at the mouth.
Most large crocodiles have claws.
Most large crocodiles have powerful claws.
Large crops suggest further downward pressure on prices.
Large crowd packs the show.
Large crowds appear on the street to try to see the nose.
Large crowds are located in concerts.
Large crowds are located in race tracks.
Large crowds are seasonal, but new roads, hotels and parking lots despoil the park year-round.
Large crowds are the norm.
Large crowds flock to have a glimpse of the colourful two-day festival.
Large crowds form early along the main shore line.
Large crowds generate excitement and get the players' hearts pumping.
Large crowds make it a very stressful and dangerous environment for pets.
Large crowds turn out for the spectacle, especially on the weekend.
Large crowns are less efficient at producing stemwood than are small crowns.
Large crowns make second canopy layers unnecessary.
Large crystals are rare and massive forms are more common.
Large crystals dissolve more slowly than small crystals.
Large crystals have an almost striated or grainy appearance.
Large cubes prevent feed wastage and help promote good teeth care.
Some large cucumbers belong to genus.
Large cults can psychologically damage hundreds of thousands of people.
Large cumulonimbus clouds associate with powerful thunderstorms.
Large cumulonimbus clouds associate with thunderstorms.
Large cumulus fill the sky and showers are scattered about.
Large currents can then pass and produce tissue damage, especially to skeletal muscle and nerve.
Large curves can lead to arthritis of the spine and premature disablement.
Large customers require very fresh, correctly sized and priced product.
Large customers seem ready to set sail.
Many large customers have complex purchasing approval processes.
Most large customers use it or read about it.
Large cuts leave the plant open to damage, be it insect, disease or mother nature.
Large cutout is approx.
Large cycads have erect trunks.
Large cycads have trunks.
Most large cycads have erect trunks.
Most large cycads have trunks.
Large cylinders represent helices.
Large cysts can form due to degenerating blood.
Large cysts cause problems.
Large cysts cause respiratory problems.
Large cysts have the potential to rupture causing abdominal pain.
Most large cysts cause problems.
Most large cysts cause respiratory problems.
Large cystoceles can cause the bladder to overfill and allow small amounts of urine to leak.
Most large dailies offer organized tours for school classes, groups, and organizations.
Large dairies have just the opposite problem.
Most large dairies are in south Georgia.
Large dams are also instruments of change in the livelihoods of riverine communities.
Large dams are by their very nature incontrovertibly a major invasion of a habitat.
Large dams are fraud.
Large dams can change natural river flows, degrade water quality and block fish migration.
Large dams can store several years worth of water.
Large dams have walls.
Large dams prevent the natural migration of fish.
Most large dams are controversial.
Most large dams have walls.
Large database allows search by job, location, employer or keyword.
Large database indexes pages at government and military sites.
Large databases allow for rapid access to large volumes of data.
Large databases are a place where the money is made.
Large databases are harder to manage and accumulate more defects and errors than smaller databases.
Large databases are sometimes necessary for programming languages.
Large databases are the heart of the business and data is the lifeblood and main product.
Large databases are very expensive to setup and sustain.
Large databases are very useful for providing context for a particular author.
Large databases can span multiple disks.
Large databases consisting of hundreds of thousands of student records exist in universities.
Many large databases are also large only because of their range of information.
More large databases are to follow.
Large data warehousing projects take years and millions of dollars to implement.
Large debris can damage the fan and the bearings the brush rides on.
Large debris can damage the motor fan and the brush roll bearings.
Large debris is removed as wastewater flows through trash racks.
Large debris is rinsed and removed.
Large debt can be insurmountable for some students.
Large debt is primary concern of lenders.
Large debts can be like quick sand.
Large deck adjoins the rear of the house.
Large deck has gas grill that never needs to be refilled.
Large deck is great for entertaining.
Large deck overlooks a private backyard with lots of hardwood trees.
Large deck overlooks ample backyard and gardens.
Large deck overlooks lake.
Large deck overlooks meadow.
Large deck overlooks pond.
Large deck overlooks pool and tennis courts.
Large deck overlooks the river and ski runs.
Large deck overlooks the spacious yard.
Large deck overlooks the tidal water and the beautiful sunsets.
Large deck overlooks water.
Large deck provides area to barbecue or watch the birds in the private setting.
Large deck provides the peace and quiet looking for.
Large deck surrounds the house.
Large deck wraps around house and overlooks a natural wooded setting.
Large decks give great views of Sugarloaf.
Large decks offer beautiful views of the lake, with picnic table and grill.
Large decks overlook beautifully landscaped grounds to bold ocean views.
Large decks overlook the sea and a beautiful beach of black volcanic sand.
Large decks provide quiet places to enjoy the sunshine.
Large declines proceed large declines.
Large deficits are the result, as revenues are unable to keep pace with inflated spending demands.
Large deflections can occur.
Large deflections cause a similar geometric nonlinearity.
Large deformation produces closely spaced fringes.
Large demonstrations are an important part of the democratic process.
Large demonstrations begin in Kiev.
Large demonstrations can occur at any time, resulting in violent confrontations.
Large den has cathedral ceiling and custom built-ins.
Most large denominations fall somewhere in between.
Large denticles are located ventral of the snout.
Large denticles cover the ventral side of the snout.
Large departments have an advantage in the availability of large numbers of officers to respond.
Large departments have many graduate students to hire at the start of each academic year.
Large departments have the clerical help that smaller departments can only dream about.
Large derrieres welcome.
Large designs can prove difficult to analyze using software tools.
Large desire is endless poverty.
Large developments can have a major impact on the flow of traffic and air quality of an area.
Large deviations is the study of such exponentially decaying probabilities.
Large dial is metered in time and gallons.
Large diameter is intended for flat welding only.
Large diameter produces a clear tone with large volume.
Large diameter shafts to resist bending loads.
Large diameter spindles form a large load carrying surface.
Large diameter valves to improve volumetric efficiency.
Large diameters are more expensive to construct with no additional growth benefit.
Large diamonds are also rarer than small diamonds.
Large diamonds are rare and have a greater value per carat.
Large diaphragm operates special magnetic mercury switch.
Large diesels can run with air mixed with gases and a pilot diesel fuel ignition injection.
Large differences are evident in select areas.
Large differences are obvious between the willow clones.
Large differences are, on average, due to the poor scores of a small subset of lone-parent children.
Large differences exist among families representing individual trees within a stand.
Large differences exist among the elderly population.
Large differences exist between countries, however.
Large differences exist between medical systems about who is eligible for dialysis.
Large differences exist in backfat thickness, percent lean and pork quality scores.
Large differences exist in survival, according to the stage of disease.
Large differences exist in the reported prevalence of asthma among different countries.
Large differences exist in the semen producing ability of bulls of the same age, weight and breed.
Large differences exist in the worldwide use of oral contraceptives.
Large dimples reduce air drag, enhance lift and maintain spin for distance.
Large dinghy ships common carrier.
Large dinosaurs roam the earth.
Large directories are also an issue with traditional linear file systems.
Large directory contains many subdirectories, covering every aspect of the life sciences.
Large directory covers North America.
Large discount is given for bulk licensing.
Large discounts are also available for individual subscriptions.
Large discounts are available to educational and research institutions.
Large discounts are readily available.
Large discounts indicate higher mark-ups.
Large discrepancies become readily apparent and warrant further investigation.
Any large discrepancy indicates that the mount needs correction in altitude.
Any large discrepancy indicates that the mount needs correction in azimuth.
Large disks can cause problems.
Large disks operate better in trash.
Large disparities are certainly present.
Large displacements indicate the location of wave packets.
Large display allows entries and results to be viewed at the same time.
Large display is easy to read, even for older folks and even in the dark.
Large display shows settings.
Large distillers can distill about one-half gallon of water per hour.
Large distillers use a mechanical crusher, which resembles a wood chipper.
Large districts have higher average teacher salaries than small districts.
Large districts negotiate a dozen or more contracts with employee groups.
Large disturbances hold entire galaxies together.
Any large disturbance leaves traces that wash out subtle quantum effects.
Most large disturbances have thinner spots and holes where mobile observers can gather.
Large dividends paid out in the fourth quarter offset gains in capital from retained earnings.
Large document means increase in both transfer and parsing time.
Large documents are difficult to download and print.
Large documents are difficult to make into HTML and are unwieldy on-line.
Large documents are slow to load.
Large documents are slower.
Large documents become overwhelming.
Large documents become to cumbersome with a word processor.
Large documents being spooled to the server's printer queue can be devastating to a write.
Large documents can become cumbersome and can take a long time to download.
Large documents translate rapidly using cut and paste.
Large dog breeds like the German shepherd take quite a while to reach maturity.
Large dogs are dogs such as retrievers, German shepherds, and collies.
Large dogs are hard to put under a table in a restaurant or out of the way on a bus or plane.
Large dogs are harder to travel with, and more expensive to leave behind with a sitter or kennel.
Large dogs are more susceptible to hip problems called Dysplasia, than small dog breeds.
Large dogs are talls.
Large dogs are the most common source.
Large dogs are welcome.
Large dogs are, a great deterrent, small yappy ones work well for an alarm.
Large dogs can be more difficult to manage than smaller dogs.
Large dogs consume mass quantities of food.
Large dogs get the big run that stretches back behind the single-wide trailer.
Large dogs live in areas.
Large dogs make the best donors.
Large dogs require a great deal more food than small dogs.
Large dogs tend to shake smaller ones by holding onto the scruff of the neck.
Large dogs wear collars.
Large dogs wear iron collars.
Large dogs wear wide collars.
Large dogs weigh kgs.
Any large dog can hurt a child even in play.
Most large dogs live in areas.
Most large dogs wear collars.
Most large dogs wear iron collars.
Most large dogs wear wide collars.
Most large dogs weigh kgs.
Large domes are the chief features of many mosques in Persia, India, and Turkey.
Large domes are versatile.
Large domes have a lot of space inside, a lot of volume.
Large domes require larger bars with closer spacing.
Large donations buy access and are corrupting .
Large donations welcome.
Large door permits easy access.
Large doors allow easy access to supplies, cleaning rollers and adjustable parts.
Large doors allow easy entry and exit for passengers.
Large doors are better than small ones.
Large doors make fish removal easier if dip netting is required.
Large doors make part handling easier while windows improve operator visibility.
Large doors nade it possible to open the second floor front rooms into a ballroom.
Large doors open directly into the garden .
Large doors provide easy entry and exit.
Large doors swing open to reveal the console's controls and a set of leather-bound record albums.
Large doormats are designed for use on entryways consisting of wide double doors.
Large doses are sedative, and an overdose can be fatal.
Large doses can act as an intense purgative .
Large doses can also alter some laboratory tests.
Large doses can be extremely toxic.
Large doses can be fatal immediately.
Large doses can be fatal.
Large doses can be toxic.
Large doses can cause bloody diarrhea, shock, liver damage, coma, and death.
Large doses can cause convulsions, comas, heart and lung failure, and ruptured brain vessels.
Large doses can cause dizziness.
Large doses can cause gastrointestinal irritation, nausea, vomiting, and diarrhea.
Large doses can cause hallucinations, delusions, amnesia, and overdose.
Large doses can cause loose stools.
Large doses can cause nausea, diarrhea, urination, and delirium.
Large doses can cause respiratory depression, coma, and death.
Large doses can cause unconsciousness and death.
Large doses can cause unconsciousness or hangover.
Large doses can cause vomiting, ataxia and confusion.
Large doses can delay sleep.
Large doses can increase heart rate and blood pressure, and cause insomnia and nervousness.
Large doses can lead to addiction.
Large doses can produce convulsions and coma or heart and lung failure.
Large doses can produce convulsions and coma, heart and lung failure.
Large doses can produce convulsions and coma, heart, and lung failure.
Large doses can produce flushing, tremors and hallucinations.
Large doses can stop sperm production.
Large doses cause gastric ulceration.
Large doses cause muscle weakness.
Large doses have side effects.
Large doses increase cancer rates in laboratory animals.
Large doses produce convulsions, coma, and heart and lung failure.
Large doses produce convulsions, comas, and heart and lung failure.
Large dosage can cause photosensitization.
Large dosages can cause constipation from tannin content.
Large doses are emetic.
Large doses can also produce headaches.
Large doses can be fatal immediately.
Large doses can be poisonous.
Large doses can cause different types of paralysis.
Large doses can cause disorientation and headaches.
Large doses can cause insomnia and headaches.
Large doses can cause nausea and vomiting.
Large doses can cause nausea, diarrhea, belching, and a bad taste in the mouth.
Large doses can cause unconscious leaving victims unable to protect themselves.
Large doses can cause unconsciousness.
Large doses can cause vomiting and diarrhea.
Large doses can create insomnia, anxiety, dizziness and aggressive behavior.
Large doses can depress AV and intraventricular conduction, causing serious arrhythmias.
Large doses can induce vomiting.
Large doses can lead to vomiting, diarrhea, spasms and signs of paralysis.
Large doses can lead unconsciousness and eventually respiratory failure and death.
Large doses can lower blood cholesterol.
Large doses can lower blood pressure and cause depression of the central nervous system.
Large doses can produce convulsions and coma, heart and lung failure .
Large doses can produce convulsions and coma, heart and lung failure.
Large doses can produce convulsions, coma, and lung failure.
Large doses can produce symptoms of poisoning.
Large doses can result in convulsions and loss of consciousness.
Large doses can still cause problems with dehydration and overheating.
Large doses cause central nervous system and cardiovascular depression.
Large doses cause poor judgement, emotional instability, toxic psychosis.
Large doses irritate the alimentary canal and cause diarrhoea and vomiting.
Large doses produce convulsions, comas, and heart and lung failure.
Large dots give a dark tone of whatever ink colour is being used.
Large dots mark the possible outcomes, with the grey-level indicating the probability.
Large dowels prevent unwanted creases.
Large downdrafts remain with little or no updraft.
Some large dragonflies feed on young fish.
Large drawings illustrate the animals hunted and used for food.
Large drills are used to sink shafts, excavate stopes, and obtain samples for analysis.
Large drops can cause soil crusting and infiltration problems.
Large drops mean less waste.
Large drops strike the soil with greater kinetic energy than small drops.
Large droplets are resistant to wind drift.
Large droplets can cause fibres and dust to be thrown into the air.
Large droplets produced by coughing are also infectious.
Large droplets sit on top of the bristles without touching the skin underneath.
Large droplets tend to compact soil, making it difficult for roots to become well established.
Large dries can be effective, or cast weighted girdle bugs into pools and riffled water.
Large dunes seperate the houses from the ocean.
Large dynamos require an electromagnet.
Large ears are deep red and burgundy, beautiful for decoration or for grinding into flour.
Large ears can rotate to pick up sound from many directions.
Large ears can rotate to pick up sounds from many directions.
Large ears help focus sound waves, enhancing hearing.
Large earthquakes are common along such strike-slip, or transform,boundaries.
Large earthquakes are rare occurrences.
Large earthquakes are relatively rare.
Large earthquakes are the most obvious sign of the deformation between the two plates.
Large earthquakes can form ponds and lakes due to sudden down-shifts in valley floors.
Large earthquakes can occur nearly everywhere in Nevada.
Large earthquakes cause disasters.
Large earthquakes cause tsunamis.
Large earthquakes cause violent motions of the earth's surface.
Large earthquakes occur in areas.
Large earthquakes rupture faults that are tens to thousands of kilometers long.
Large earthquakes strike northern regions.
Large earthquakes strike regions.
Every large earthquake reveals another facet of nature's riddles.
Most large earthquakes cause disasters.
Most large earthquakes cause tsunamis.
Most large earthquakes occur in areas.
Most large earthquakes occur on long fault zones around the margin of the Pacific Ocean.
Most large earthquakes strike northern regions.
Some large earthquakes do trigger eruptions.
Large easels create interest in corners while small easels work well in bookcases or on table tops.
Large ecchymoses are present on the boy's legs and trunk.
Large ecosystems present some of the most difficult problems of environmental science and policy.
Large ecosystems provide opportunities for learning from and about the real world.
Every large edifice starts with a foundation.
Large efforts can go awry because there was no love in the leader's home.
Every large effort has a number of specialists.
Large eggs are best in most recipes.
Large eggs are the standard called for in most recipes .
Large eggs can be a factor, as opposed to small.
Large eggs have amazingly smooth and buttery taste.
Large eggs have difficulty hatching, and small eggs often produce chicks that are too small to live.
Large elevator serves all floors, wide aisles are wheelchair friendly.
Large elevators can load more than one box car at a time.
Large emboli can block all the blood flow to both lungs and are rapidly fatal.
Large employers are most likely to provide prescription drug benefits.
Large employers have purchasing power.
Large employers like to take advantage of economies of scale.
Large employers remain key to the development of managed care in a community.
Large employers tend to pay more and some have bonus schemes.
Many large employers have low-cost, customized funds run by selected money managers.
Many large employers have only one plan because they re trying to leverage their total volume.
Many large employers offer their employees several health plans.
Many large employers provide legal assistance for their employees.
Most large employers are self-funded.
Most large employers have some kind of communication skills training.
Most large employers offer health plans and vacation pay with time off for illness.
Most large employers provide health care benefits through self-funded health care plans.
Large encephaloceles can mimic anencephaly, but generally have more calvarial development.
Large end maintains correct rod bearing to crankshaft clearance.
Large endowments beget even larger ones.
All large engines are diesel and emit carcinogenic particulate matter as black smoke.
Large enterprises are the exception, however, in the field of used books.
Large enterprises are traditionally the trailblazers for new technology.
Large enterprises can keep documentation in sync across multiple sites.
Large enterprises employ most of the workers and produce most of the goods.
Many large enterprises have hundreds of servers.
Most large enterprises maintain unwieldy and costly wide-area networks.
Large entities are also concerned about the exposures they inherit through acquisitions.
Large entities are more likely than small entities to provide prospective financial information.
Large entities are the lifeblood of every major metropolis.
Large entities are too inflexible and less mobile.
Large entourages descend on the area every weekend to enjoy the challenging trails.
Large entry leads to formals with built-in and recessed lighting.
Many large environments deploy TheLaw.net only in the library.
Large epiphytes are almost entirely absent from early successional areas.
Large equipment includes chillers, air compressors, process equipment, etc.
Large equipment is kind of like insurance.
Large errors can result due to buffer changes.
Large eruptions are rare.
Large eruptions can nearly empty the magma chamber.
Some large eruptions cool the Earth for short periods.
Large establishments are more likely to offer health insurance than smaller establishments .
Large establishments are more likely to produce commodity products.
Large estates are bought and thrown open to closer settlement.
Large events are an effective way of ascertaining the likely long-term impacts of bicycles.
Large events have their own forum area.
Large events require more time for planning.
Many large events leave quite a mess behind.
Large excesses can invoke plasma volume expansion, edema, and hypertension.
Large Exhibits Call for rental fees.
Large expenditures require special procedure.
Large explosions are also nicely done and are followed with a neat little rippling effect.
Large exposures destroy all the intestinal cells at one time and kill the kid.
Large eye accommodates embroidery floss.
Large eyes are prominent in silver eels.
Large eyes are ringed with white fur.
Large eyes can gather more light than small eyes.
Large eyes gather light in dark depths.
Large eyes help it to see obstructions.
Large eyes mean a large, sharp image.
Large eyes positioned at front are most appropriate for a nocturnal bird.
Large facilities can broaden their mic lockers with an extraordinary range of new tonal textures.
Large facilities have exercise and game rooms, libraries, beauty shops and swimming pools.
Large facilities look fantastic with their rows of equipment and hundreds of bodies moving around.
Large facilities require more land, additional contractor work, and materials.
Many large facilities maintain a large self-insurance deductible in their insurance program.
Some large facilities employ a full-time nursing staff to provide care.
Some large facilities provide little more than baby-sitting services.
Large factors have upper case symbols, and small factors lower case symbols.
Large factories account for another portion of the emissions.
Large factories are still state-owned.
Large faculties rely on it heavily.
Large families are a valuable resource to many people.
Large families are as a rule as prosperous as small families with the same income.
Large families are still important in many poor countries, contributing to rapid population growth.
Large families are still very much in evidence outside the largest cities.
Large families are the parent's form of social security.
Large families are the rule and most households have at least five or six members.
Large families are traditional.
Large families are very rare.
Large families are welcome.
Large families are wonderful, exciting, and more challenging.
Large families are wonderful.
Large families can be relatively self-sufficient and inward looking.
Large families can save a lot of money by choosing an airline that has better children's discounts.
Large families have dominance over small families.
Large Families Save .
Large families tend to have higher incomes, thus, are able to afford food.
Large fan provides cool operation.
Large fans cool the clinker after it leaves the kiln.
Large fans deliver a given amount of air more slowly than smaller fans and usually make less noise.
Large fans whirr noisily on the ceiling, attempting to purge the smoke-saturated air.
Large fangs inflict painful bite.
Some large fangs deliver venom.
Large farms account for more than half of agricultural land in Hungary, Bulgaria and Estonia.
Large farms are important in terms of providing for the food and fiber needs of society.
Large farms build their own mills or feed production is laid out on a short-term basis.
Large farms can handle lower prices better than small operations.
Large farms have a higher risk of serious nutrient and bacteria pollution into our rivers and lakes.
Large farms have employees do much of the physical work.
Large farms have night-time oxygen crews that monitor ponds regularly.
Large farms have well trained managers - often with overseas experience.
Large farms receive nearly twice as much in government payments as do small farms.
Large farms use mechanical harvesters to gather nuts.
Some large farms can deal directly with the exporter.
Large feathers are easy to study under a hand lens or low power stereo microscope.
Large feedlots are also more likely than small feedlots to use the alternative methods.
Large feedlots buy baking soda by the carload and antibiotics by the ton.
Large females are capable of producing over one million eggs a spawning season.
Large fenders are standard with extra-large mud flaps that provide excellent splash protection.
Large festivals attract many visitors.
Large fibroids can also be a source of other complications during pregnancy.
Large fibroids can block the fallopian tubes.
Large figurines have peculiar designs painted on outer parts of their hips.
Large files are available in compressed versions, using the unix compression utility gzip.
Large files are subject to deletion as soon as they are found.
Large files are the potential nemesis of all web sites.
Large files are typically slow to download from the Internet.
Large files can quickly fill and overload someone else's mail quota.
Large files can slow down email and quickly become bothersome for members.
Large files can take a long time to transfer over the web.
Large files can take forever to load, especially visitors accessing the web from a slow link.
Large files consist of exclusively large data blocks.
Large files consume lots of bandwidth as they download.
Large files download in seconds.
Large files have there size indicated in red.
Large files load significantly faster.
Large files load very slowly.
Large files take a long time to download.
Large files take a long time to send by e-mail.
Large files take longer to load, causing viewers to move on to another site.
Large files take longer to print.
Large files take much longer to download, slowing the network and irritating the viewer.
Large files take time to download.
Some large files can take a long time to download.
Large fillings can weaken the remaining tooth structure, causing the tooth to fracture.
Large fines apply to offenders.
Large fire is news.
Large fires are actually more likely to occur in sparse, wooded areas, where there are fewer people.
Large fires are usually very labour and equipment intensive.
Large fires can also easily become out of control.
Large fires can create their own winds and weather, increasing their flow of oxygen.
Large fires occur on the background of mass fires.
Large fires start as small fires.
Large fires tend to be very labour intensive and consequently a large strain on the budget.
Every large fire starts small.
Most large fires are wind driven events.
Most large fires are wind-driven events.
Most large fires take place in the Western states.
Large fireplace creates a cozy atmosphere.
Large fireplace enhances the atmosphere.
Large firms are harder to manage.
Large firms are more diversified by products and geographic exposure.
Large firms are the primary employers, but smaller firms use paralegals.
Large firms become large only by winning the consumer's approval.
Large firms buy into the now proven Internet industry.
Large firms can absorb the costs of new regulation more easily.
Large firms can also get trapped, but in a different way.
Large firms can be the host for such incubator units.
Large firms can better absorb the fixed cost of making an accurate assessment.
Large firms can easily compensate for the shortage by supplying higher wages and better benefits.
Large firms devote greater attention to human resource management.
Large firms have PCPs imbedded in their partnership agreements.
Large firms have such positions in staff departments.
Large firms have to send out the same notice.
Large firms hire accountants directly to analyse their financial data.
Large firms pay higher rates.
Large firms play a dominant role in gross job creation, at least for U.S. manufacturing.
Large firms pursue strategies.
Large firms specialize in providing firm-specific training.
Large firms tend to be slower growing than small firms and generally have less risk.
Large firms use the reference manuals to aid out of state summer interns with their work.
All large firms rely on bureaucratic systems to reduce variation and accomplish necessary tasks.
Many large firms come on campus in the fall to recruit second year students for summer positions.
Many large firms employ science writers.
Many large firms have a full-time person working exclusively search engine positioning.
Many large firms have difficulty escaping a pattern of fixed ways of thinking.
Many large firms have inadequate meeting room capacity.
Many large firms have several manufacturing facilities located in more than one district.
Most large firms are members, as well as a wide range of smaller companies.
Most large firms employ whole departments to monitor the Strategic Management of their businesses.
Most large firms operate out of New York.
Most large firms pay every associate in a hiring class the same base salary.
Most large firms pursue strategies.
Most large firms tend to be a conglomerate of sole practitioners.
Some large firms are trade on exchanges from Tokyo to London.
Some large firms have several hundred real estate agents operating out of many branch offices.
Some large firms maintain completely independent electricity supplies.
Large fish predators require cool water.
Large fish predators require water.
Large fish are more common offshore than in the bay.
Large fish are more common offshore than in the Bay.
Large fish are particularly fond of crayfish.
Large fish are surprisingly important.
Large fish are the most critical component of a healthy salmon run.
Large fish are usually a part of a canoe trip.
Large fish can be a problem.
Large fish can go in sealed buckets.
Large fish can suffocate on a hot summer night.
Large fish do better for steaming.
Large fish eat minnows.
Large fish eat smaller fish, jellyfish, and bottom-dwelling invertebrates.
Large fish eat smaller ones, which eat smaller ones, which eat still smaller ones.
Large fish feed almost exclusively on other fish such as mullet, pinfish, pigfish and menhaden.
Large fish feed almost exclusively on other fish.
Large fish found here include barracuda, jacks, parrot fish and garoupa.
Large fish have large surface areas exposed, and they are difficult to protect from oxidation.
Large fish have larger eggs, but fewer eggs per pound of body weight.
Large fish have teeth.
Large fish mixed with smaller ones can affect the appearance of a shipment of fish.
Large fish seem to be more susceptible.
Large fish takes light path.
Large fish tend to be older and enriched in methylmercury.
Large fish tend to congregate in the northern part of the range.
Large fish tend to eat the larger larvae species.
Large fish tends to taste bland.
Large fish undergo considerable stress and strain, particularly during a long battle.
Large fishes act as tertiary consumers.
Large fishes are able to masticate the leaves of tough land plants such as fibrous grasses.
Any large fish is good prepared in the following manner.
Many large fish can have tapeworms, which are usually found in the tail quarter of the fish.
Most large fish caught in the fall are females.
Most large fish have teeth.
Some large fish have swords.
Some large fish like to feed near the edges of cold eddies.
Some large fish use countercurrent circulation in some muscles.
Large fisheries harvest and export shrimp, fish, and a variety of fish products.
Large fissures are evident in the ice structure.
Many large fissures run through the limestone.
Large flag has a heavy reinforced solid purple fabric border to help the eye focus on the design.
Large flag has a red border.
Large flags are good indicators of wind speed.
Large flags are more suitable for calm days or ceremonial occasions.
Large flap folds over front to conceal two open-top pockets.
Large flasks show colored precipatates well for large lecture halls.
Large flathead are about in numbers and responding to various baits and lures.
Most large flathead are females and they are best released carefully to ensure their survival.
Large fleet accommodates groups of any size.
Large fleet is available in nearly all states.
Large fleet offers wide range of trips.
Large fleets turn out for racing whereby skippers race against each other in matched boats.
Large flocks can overgraze lawns, littering yards and docks with droppings and molted feathers.
Large flocks concentrate along well defined, traditional migration routes in autumn.
Large flocks fly between staging grounds where they can fuel up their bodies with high-energy foods.
Large flocks roost together in the trees at the forest edge, or on small river or lake islands.
Large floods can bring several inches of rain in a few days or weeks.
Large floods pose a hazard to existing sanitation and drinking water systems.
Large flooding is very hard to predict.
Large flowers appear in summer on older specimens.
Large flowers are a sparkling orange suffused with golden yellow.
Large flowers are circles with broad smooth guard petals.
Large flowers bloom in white, pink, red, cream, yellow, orange, and salmon.
Large flowers border around the room and window.
Large flowers have citrus fragrance.
Large flowers range from pink to blue.
Large flowers start blooming early and continue 'til fall.
Large flowers take longer heating times.
Large fluctuations come together with large relaxation times.
Large fluctuations ensue that efficiently explore many local optima.
Large fluorescence provides artificial lighting.
Large flies can also draw a strike from migrating salmon for the salmon reason.
Large flies create extra air resistance, which works against the momentum of the fly line.
Large flies resembling a dragon fly can be productive as well.
Large foil roasting pans hold ice into which bowls or pans of salads can be nestled.
Large folks can get more coverage.
Large fonts are a favourite.
Large fonts are for beginners.
Large fonts give papers a comical appearance.
Large feet signify intelligence.
Large forces are necessary to produce enough deflection to measure.
Large forces produce the eras, trends, and conflicts.
Large forklifts move the containers onto railcars or trucks bound for inland destinations.
Large forms are difficult because of stresses on the seams and because the slab naturally sags.
Large format is a different world under the hood.
Large format is like making movies at the turn of the century.
Large format is the final category.
Large formats are no problem with our paneling designs.
Large foundations can begin to invest more in effective local charities, including faith-based ones.
Most large foundations have three or more program officers in each funding area.
Most large foundations publish annual reports describing their grants and mission or purpose.
Large fraction are silicon-based, or rocky.
Large frames appear bold and stand out easily by themselves.
Large frames are most favourable, so as to increase the cut per head.
Large frames have lower protocol overhead but when one is lost a large number of bits are lost.
Large frogs are more likely to lunge at their targets.
Large frogs have deep, low frequency voices.
Large fruit are more susceptible.
Large fruit are prone to bitter pit and senescent breakdown.
Large fruit can be a problem to clean up.
Large fruit have red juice that is tart but with a rich flavor.
Large fruit is especially sweet and flavorful.
Large fruit is usually softer.
Large functions do require additional personnel.
Large funds are more efficient and are in a position to pass the savings on to their shareholders.
Large funds are very hard to maneuver.
Large funds can afford to do that.
Large funds can also benefit from economies of scale in terms of the costs of doing business.
Large fundraisers are quarterly.
Large furniture is moved into the center of the room.
Large furniture is used to create four separate seating areas.
Large galaxies can have more than a trillion stars.
Large galaxies can swallow their smaller neighbors in slow acts of cosmic cannibalism.
Large galaxies have more than a trillion stars.
Large galaxies have more than a trillion.
All large galaxies appear to contain super-massive black holes.
Many large galaxies are the result of mergers of smaller galaxies.
Large galls can develop rapidly and completely girdle a young vine in one season.
Large galls minimize larval parasitism which is high in Europe.
Large gallberry is a large evergreen tree or shrub, native to the southeastern United States.
Large gallberry is a mid to late seral species that grows well under a canopy.
Large gallberry is common on longleaf pine or longleaf pine-slash pine sites.
Large gallery features temporary exhibits.
Large game is also a big draw for both bow and gun hunters.
Large gametes produce large zygotes.
Large gaps appear in the trabecular bone as the honeycomb structure crumbles.
Large gaps can lead to unexpected and unwanted results.
Large gaps indicate removal of electrons from full shells.
Large gaps remain to be filled, however.
Large gars are capable of inflicting a painful wound.
Large garage has bunkhouse and bath.
Large garage is available.
Large gardens are the norm.
Large gardens show safe, organic gardening techniques.
Large garnets show preserved prograde growth zoning.
Some large gastropods feed on mollusks.
Some large gastropods feed on other mollusks.
Large gatherings are always fun, just make sure there is enough parking for all invited.
Large gatherings can be a little brighter since the level of energy goes up with the level of light.
Large gatherings require the reservation of several pavilions.
Any large gathering can be a cause for looting.
Large gene provide a large target and tend to mutate more frequently.
Large genomes have large numbers of genes, which provide for complex bodies.
Large gifts can provide quite a boost to our investment plan.
Large gifts continue to be of central importance.
Large girls are in charge.
Large girls are trouble.
Large glass plate negative, ca.
Large glass viewing screens allow visitors to view migrating fish during the appropriate seasons.
Large globes are too big and cumbersome.
Large globules rise faster from the skim milk than small ones.
Large glossary covers terms used in the nonwovens and textile industry.
Large gloves are pattern-coated with nitrile rubber, to improve the grip.
Large goiters can obstruct the trachea.
Large gourds are generally too heavy to string.
Large gourds have few pests.
Large governments have many interactive communication channels with small populations.
Large grants overwhelm units with their management requirements.
Most large grants go to consortiums of partners.
Large granulomas contain the eggs but can block blood flow to the liver or bladder.
Large graphs pose several difficult problems.
Large graphics appear almost instantly.
Large graphics are available at the bottom of the page.
Large graphics are the biggest contributor to download time.
Large graphics can be frustrating to many users.
Large graphics can delay a Web page in loading.
Large graphics can slow page loading to an agonizing pace.
Large graphics can still be small, though.
Large graphics identify cycles and options.
Large graphics slow down the navigation process.
Large graphics take a long time to download because they are big.
Large graphics take longer to download and inevitably drive away impatient visitors.
Large graphics take much longer to download, and can put off potential viewers.
Large graphics take up too much space.
Large graphics tend to take a long time to load.
Most large graphics are pointless and make no contribution to the visitor's experience.
Large grasses are a weakness.
Large gravel makes a good substrate.
Most large groceries offer check-cashing services.
Large group is a chance to worship, hear a great message, and hang out with lots of awesome people.
Large group is also a time for building community, introducing the day, or ending the day.
Large group tours phone in advance.
Large groups allow a teacher or counselor to work with the largest number of students.
Large groups allow for greater professional mobility and growth.
Large groups are able to view computer applications through the use of the LCD projector.
Large groups are also welcome by appointment.
Large groups are always welcome.
Large groups are awkward.
Large groups are broken down into smaller and smaller groups.
Large groups are by nature distributed.
Large groups are by their nature content oriented, whereas small groups are relationship oriented.
Large groups are cost-effective and everyone gets the same information.
Large groups are destructive.
Large groups are difficult b.
Large groups are eligible for additional discounts and benefits.
Large groups are eligible for certain perks and rewards.
Large groups are fifteen or more people brought to the pool at one time by a registrant.
Large groups are inappropriate for wilderness destinations.
Large groups are less able to co-ordinate informally.
Large groups are more than welcome.
Large groups are most welcome.
Large groups are slow to get started and hard to coordinate.
Large groups are unwieldy.
Large groups are welcome and can look forward to a very educational experience.
Large groups are welcome but advance notice and reservations are required.
Large groups are welcome by appointment and guides can be arranged.
Large groups are welcome for lunch or dinner.
Large groups are welcome too, but please give advanced notice.
Large groups are welcome with advanced notice.
Large groups are welcome, and be sure to ask about our special group rates.
Large groups are welcome.
Large groups are welcomed to congregate for campfires at the community firepit firewood is provided.
Large groups can also eat here comfortably.
Large groups can be unwieldy and unproductive.
Large groups can be very destructive to the wilderness.
Large groups can call ahead to order boxed lunches, complete with sandwiches, chips, and a cookie.
Large groups can charter a bus or two.
Large groups can charter several boats and arrange there own mini tournament.
Large groups can develop potential leaders.
Large groups can include benefit choosing by paying more premium.
Large groups can make special arrangements for lunch.
Large groups can relax in the two bedroom cabins which sleeps six or eight.
Large groups can reserve a room to themselves.
Large groups can reserve picnic areas.
Large groups can schedule wine tasting parties, too.
Large groups can sit at the picnic-style tables.
Large groups exist for the purpose of providing management services.
Large groups find motorcoaches comfortable and efficient.
Large groups gather in fishless ponds and temporary pools to mate.
Large groups gather in the fall at feedlots.
Large groups have especially noticeable and lasting impacts on arctic ecosystems.
Large groups have greater impact on the cave environment.
Large groups offer more diversity of thought.
Large groups operate in the background, mostly unseen by the local physician group on a daily basis.
Large groups practice in the early morning in public parks.
Large groups provide time for reflection and sharing in community.
Large groups require a combination of tours and programs in one field trip.
Large groups require a combination of tours and programs in one trip.
Large groups require a special event permit.
Large groups require more notice.
Large groups require reservations.
Large groups require special cooperation from the group leaders.
Large groups ride for less.
Large groups Start with two teams.
Large groups stay in nearby lodging.
Large groups tend to break into smaller groups anyway, so keep small from the start.
Large groups tend to overwhelm small destinations.
Large groups traveling together are also welcome to bring their own interpreters.
Large groups welcome and handicap friendly.
Large groups welcome to reserve table.
Large groups welcome with advance reservations.
Large groups welcome, Please call for reservations.
Large groups welcome.
Any large group is likely to do business across borders.
Some large groups have no technology at all.
Large growers catch a lot more attention than the small farmer.
Large growers prefer to sow at the higher rates to avoid skips or bare spots in their beds.
Large grubs are highly resistant to insecticides.
Large guestrooms are air-conditioned and have private baths.
Large gullies are difficult and costly to repair.
Large gullies disrupt normal farm operations, creating access problems for vehicles and stock.
Large hail can cause serious injury and has even been known to kill people.
Large hail can make a circular crack if the hail hits it hard enough.
Large hail does extensive damage to property and crops every year.
Large hail is a common occurrence in strong thunderstorms, especially supercells.
Large hail is also a threat to small mammals and it kills many birds.
Large hail is also quite rare.
Large hail is likely to fall just outside the updraft core, mainly northeast of the updraft.
Large hailstones are an indication of powerful updraft and downdraft winds within a thunderstorm.
Large hailstones can develop within strong thunderstorm updrafts.
Large hailstones fall from deep cumulonimbus clouds.
Large halls connect the rooms of the first floor.
Large hams are fine, but measure the inside diameter of the lid on the smoking unit.
Large hand brakes on each shaft.
Large hands are clumsy.
Large handle makes for easy carrying in one hand.
Large handles are much easier to use than small handles.
Large handles stay cool to the touch.
Large hats are the fashion.
Large hatch gives access to inside of hull for storage.
Large hatches are rare, but the water is so clear that it's like fishing in an aquarium.
Large hatches make loading and unloading easy.
Large hatches provide excellent access for maintenance and repair.
Large haul loops on either side of the pack made clipping it into belays a breeze.
Most large hawks spend much of their time perched on tall trees or poles.
Some large hawks are bigger than some small eagles.
Large hayfields attract raptors that search the fields for abundant small rodents.
Large head is used more for straight cuts as the wide head rests easily against a straight edge.
Large heads are often a familial feature.
Large heads are resistant to tip burn.
Large headings are a waste of space and a waste of time.
Large helicopters give better coverage than small helicopters or fixed wing aircraft.
Large herbivores can also have many effects on vegetation.
Large herbivores can have impact.
Large herbivores can have major impact.
Large herbivores have predators.
Large herbivores maintain termite-caused differences in herbaceous species diversity patterns.
Large herbivores need drink water.
Large herbivores need water.
Most large herbivores can have impact.
Most large herbivores can have major impact.
Most large herbivores have predators.
Some large herbivores browse on trees.
Some large herbivores graze in grassland.
Some large herbivores graze on algas.
Some large herbivores have a different strategy for digesting plants.
Some large herbivores have breakdowns.
Large herds can quickly destroy an area of dense woodland.
Large herds feed on the grass and lichens .
Large herds feed on the grass and lichens.
Large hills surround the area.
Large hinges allow for the maximum strength and durability.
Large holdings are still a feature of many such countries''land systems.
Large hole is perfect for bigger cords - drilled head to tail.
Large holes are where algae live.
Large holes can continue to allow small amounts of blood from the veins to bypass the lungs.
Large holes develop from earlier feeding as the leaf tissue expands.
Large holes die before the paramedic gets there.
Large holes increase the chances of the strip getting caught in the gap and cause other problems.
Large holes remain in the bay.
Large holes require surgical closure.
Many large holes enter into two narrow slots.
Large homes are available for short or extended stays.
Large homes consume proportionally large amounts of land and energy.
Large homes line the sandy beach heading north.
Many large homes line the fairways.
Many large homes remain from that era with huge oak trees and other lush vegetation.
Large hooks require cutting followed by rasping.
Large hopper accepts large pieces of dough.
Large hopper is positioned low for easy positioning of wagons.
Large horses are calm, trustworthy and good-natured.
Large hospitals can be daunting, intimidating and confusing.
Large hospitals oppose new programs.
Most large hospitals have at least one on staff.
Large hotels flank an enormous convention center.
Large hotels have facilities.
Large hotels have fax services.
Large hotels have international ties and the resources to market themselves.
Large hotels have mail boxes and sell stamps for letters, post cards and parcels.
Large hotels have mailboxes and sell stamps for letters, post cards and parcels.
Large hotels have restaurants and ballrooms in addition to rooms.
Large hotels have their own taxi services.
Large hotels line the waterfront and plenty of people frolic in the water.
All large hotels have good restaurants, offering both Argentinian and Brazilian cuisine.
All large hotels offer American, European, and local cuisine.
Many large hotels offer fax service for free.
Many large hotels use digital phone systems.
Most large hotels have facilities.
Most large hotels have some sports facilities.
Most large hotels have their own swimming pool and bathing is safe everywhere around the islands.
Most large hotels have their own swimming pools and tennis courts.
Most large hotels offer sailboats and catamarans for their guests.
Some large hotels have business centers with a few machines connected to the Internet.
Some large hotels have swimming pools.
Large house logs and then veneer logs are usually the best final product from a plantation.
Large houses are concentration points, and separate commands are set up by streets.
Large houses loom on the hillsides as testament to the incoming wealth.
Large households are relatively rare in Norway today.
Most large hovercraft have a large propeller attached to the back of it to propel it forward.
Large ice particles have layer structures.
Large ice particles have structures.
Large icebergs pose a threat to oil tankers in particular.
Some large icicles cause damage.
Some large icicles cause property damage.
Some large icicles cause significant damage.
Some large icicles cause significant property damage.
Large icons are used effectively to make navigation easy.
Large icons depict the important things, such as back, forward, reload and stop.
Large icons require additional system resources.
Large illustrations add to the information provided.
Large image shows front and back designs.
Large image shows verde green finish, inset shows natural finish.
Large images annoy people.
Large images are bandwidth hogs and often frustrate modem users due to long download times.
Large images are better than small images.
Large images are difficult for people with small monitors to view.
Large images are now available.
Large images are slow to read through modems.
Large images are the major reason that loading a page takes too long.
Large images backload the applet and slow it down.
Large images can result in very large file sizes.
Large images can take a long time to load over dial-up modems.
Large images combined with slow modem speeds take time to load.
Large images ease correction for aberration or field curvature.
Large images increase download time, especially for readers who gain access to Web pages by modem.
Large images increase load time.
Large images increase the time needed to load the game.
Large images increase transmission time.
Large images require a lot of bandwidth to download in a reasonable time.
Large images slow a site down.
Large images slow down access and waste screen space.
Large images take a long time to load.
Large images take time to load.
Large images take too much space and extra download time.
All large images are digitally watermarked.
Many large images make pages painfully slow to load for many people.
Large impact results from activities.
Large impact results from human activities.
Large impacts penetrate surface, allow lava upwelling to form maria.
Large importers have more than one facility and more than one code.
Large improvements involve adding or upgrading living space.
Large inclusions tend to lower clarity grades more than small inclusions.
Large increases continue to be the norm for top-level personnel in large and medium sized companies.
Large indexes cost more to create and can result in longer response time to queries.
Large individuals are usually females.
Some large individuals live to well over a thousand years of age.
Some large individuals survive or escape severe fires and serve as seed sources for a new stand.
Large industries pay about a fifth of what their counterparts are charged elsewhere in Alberta.
Most large industry is concentrated in the south and southeast.
Some large industries require high-voltage current and receive it directly from transmission lines.
Large inequalities curtail the poverty reducing impact of economic growth.
Large inequities can lead to destructive conflict.
Large infants can experience birth trauma during delivery.
Large infestations are usually on the female, or pod-bearing, tree.
Large infestations can cause loss of body weight and a significant drop in egg production.
Large infestations can produce a sticky, sugary waste product known as honeydew.
Large infestations can result in a high percentage of twigs being girdled.
Large infestations can seriously weaken trees.
Large infestations continue to expand, especially along waterways and major transportation routes.
Large influxes can also place serious strains on the environment and social infrastructure.
Large ingestions can result in coma and respiratory failure.
Some large inlets are to be located in the grounds of the Sydney Live Steam Locomotive Society.
Large innovations increase the conditional variance if and decrease the conditional variance if .
Large insects are beaten against a branch before being eaten.
Large insects are hammered against the surface till dead or nearly so, before being swallowed.
Large insects are probably simply too vulnerable during low clear water.
Large insects have wings.
Most large insects have wings.
Some large insects invade homes.
Some large insects resemble crickets.
Large institutions are more difficult to manage.
Large institutions can be our tools for fairness and peace and productivity.
Large institutions have several advantages in the process of gathering information.
Large institutions make written assignment grading very daunting.
Large institutions use the shotgun approach mailing to anyone and everyone.
All large institutions make investment decisions on a regular basis.
Any large institution becomes a machine that maintains order and stability.
Every large institution has hundreds or thousands of such systems.
Every large institution uses reports to function every day.
Many large institutions maintain lists of electronic journals.
Many large institutions maintain lists of web sites.
Many large institutions require researchers to apply for the right to enter the premises at all.
Most large institutions have slide projectors available for use in their meeting rooms.
Large insurer seeks actuary to develop individual life products.
Large insurers recommend surge suppression equipment.
Large intakes are visible, below the headlights, scooping air for the front brakes.
Large integers have the type designation int .
Large interiors provide their own set of challenges.
Many large Internet classified services are still free to advertisers.
Large intestines absorb water.
Large intestines collect waste.
Large intestines connect colons.
Large intestines connect descend colons.
Large intestines consist of caecums.
Large intestines consist of cecums.
Large intestines contain bacteria.
Large intestines contain helpful bacteria.
Large intestines contain many bacteria.
Large intestines contain many microorganisms.
Large intestines contain microorganisms.
Large intestines contain symbiotic bacteria.
Large intestines contain water.
Large intestines have tiny tubes.
Large intestines have tubes.
Large intestines perform basic functions.
Large intestines perform follow functions.
Large intestines perform functions.
Large intestines remove toxic waste.
Large intestines remove waste.
Most large intestines absorb water.
Most large intestines collect waste.
Most large intestines connect colons.
Most large intestines connect descend colons.
Most large intestines consist of caecums.
Most large intestines consist of cecums.
Most large intestines contain bacteria.
Most large intestines contain helpful bacteria.
Most large intestines contain many bacteria.
Most large intestines contain many microorganisms.
Most large intestines contain microorganisms.
Most large intestines contain symbiotic bacteria.
Most large intestines contain water.
Most large intestines have tiny tubes.
Most large intestines have tubes.
Most large intestines perform basic functions.
Most large intestines perform follow functions.
Most large intestines perform functions.
Most large intestines remove toxic waste.
Most large intestines remove waste.
Some large intestines have diarrhea.
Some large intestines have include diarrhea.
Some large intestines prevent backflows.
Large inventories allow for better prices.
Large inventories allow for on time deliveries of both large and small orders.
Large inventories ensure short lead times.
Large inventory includes books on computers, engineering, science, and medical subjects.
Large inventory supports quick delivery.
Large investors choose to invest in large corporations because it lowers their transaction costs.
Many large investors use a similar logic when determining how much to pay for a stock.
Large irons are clumsy and difficult to keep correctly positioned.
Large islands protect the passage from the open ocean and rough weather.
Large islands provide larger targets for dispersing animals and support more varied habitats.
Large items are just too expensive to ship long distances.
Large items are the building or major renovations of the academic buildings and libraries.
Large items fit easily, with no clearance problems.
Large items take up too much space in our 'already filled to capacity' dumpsters.
Some large items require special handling as well.
Large jars contain mysterious substances.
Large jars contain mysterious white substances.
Large jars contain substances.
Large jars take longer than small jars.
Most large jars contain mysterious substances.
Most large jars contain mysterious white substances.
Most large jars contain substances.
Some large jars contain water.
Large jellyfish eat food.
Most large jellyfish eat food.
Large jetliners use hot air from the engines to prevent ice from forming on the wings.
Large jobs can consume immense amounts of RAM which can severely limit system performance.
Large jobs can run the spooling areas on servers out of space.
Large jobs involving a great deal of material are available at negotiated rates.
All large journals are lined.
Large jumps are anathema because they are too improbable and look too much like miracles.
Large juniper trees provide food sources.
Large juniper trees provide primary food sources.
Large juniper trees provide primary sources.
Large juniper trees provide sources.
Large juries are good for at least two reasons.
Large kangaroos are terrestrial grazing animals that subsist chiefly on vegetation.
Large kangaroos are terrestrial, primarily vegetarian grazers.
Large keel attaches muscles.
Large keys are slightly recessed, and provide both tactile and auditory feedback.
Large keyboard makes it deal for desktop or portable use.
Some large kilns have trouble keeping a uniform temperature throughout.
Large kitchen features lots of cupboard and counter space.
Large kitchen has all amenities, new ceramic tile counters, new tile floor, cabinets a-plenty.
Large kitchen includes dining area with parlor.
Large kitchen leads into the hall.
Large kitchen opens to family room.
Large kitchen opens to semi-formal dining room.
Many large kitchens operate their exhausts all day long.
Large kite require constant attention in unsteady winds.
Large kites have the power to lift it, and thicker line is easier to grab hold of.
Large kites pull hard.
Any large kite has a learning curve.
Large knobs allow an infinite number of adjustments.
Large knobs allow easy grasping of pieces to remove and replace in thequality wood frame.
Large knobs allow easy gripping to remove and place the pieces in the quality wood frame.
Large knots form on the root system.
Large knots reduce the value of timber.
Large knots weaken the beam.
Large kohlrabi can be woody and tough.
Large labs have so much traffic that an intruder can easily pass through unnoticed.
Large labels detail the formation, uniqueness and importance of some minerals to our society.
Large laboratories supported by generous grants churn out hundreds of technical articles.
Large lahars can crush, abrade, bury, or carry away almost anything in their paths.
Large lakes come into play on four holes.
Large lakes come into play on ten holes.
Large lakes hold food in both shallow and deep water.
Large lakes vary greatly in their physical, chemical, biological, and geological characteristics.
Many large lakes occupy the glaciated valleys within the southern portion of the ecoregion.
Large lanai offers gulf views and sunsets from every room.
Most large landlords check credit as part of their regular proceedure.
Large landmasses produce extreme weather in their interiors.
Large landowners grow larger by buying up cheap land.
Most large landowners say they understand why individuals want access.
Large landslides are part of the evolution of each Hawaiian island.
Large landslides occur around the world and also in the sea .
Large landslides occur.
Large larvae are orange and appear bloated and humpbacked.
Large larvae are what people buy in pet stores or bait shops to feed their reptiles or fish.
Large larvae consume entire leafs from plants.
Large larvae feed over the whole plant.
Large larvae indicate completion of the feeding or damaging stage of cutworms.
Large larvae move down to the base of the corn plant and bore into the stalk before pupating there.
Large larvae move on to new tissue, cones or shoots.
Large lawns are beautiful, but the cost is high.
Some large lawns provide food.
Large layoffs tend to be more unwieldy, therefore more dangerous.
Large leaf opens out with pink tones, green during summer.
Large leaves are the result of ample fertilizer.
Large leaves emerge later and grow to the size of rhubarb leaves.
Large leaves help plants.
Large leaves make the bahama firebush good for screening.
Large leaves protect fruits from sun scald.
Large leaves work better than small ones.
Large leaks can waste hundreds of gallons.
Large leakages happen at every round of income circulation.
Large leaps are rare, even in instrumental music.
Large leaves allow the kelp to receive sunlight over a large surface area.
Large leaves are cordate.
Large leaves are helpful because they have more surface area.
Large leaves clasping the stem create a 'cup-like' water container.
Large leaves create a heavy shading effect.
Large leaves tend to lend a tropical feeling to the landscape.
Most large leaves help plants.
Some large leaves grow from bases.
Some large leaves have functions.
Some large leaves have tendencies.
Some large leaves resemble ears.
Some large leaves resemble elephant ears.
Large legs placed well apart, give the attach case stability and slide easily on any surfaces.
Large lemons tend to be thick skinned.
Most large lemurs are social, led by a dominant female.
Large lenses are more costly and much more difficult to make than large mirrors.
Large lenses are quite heavy and can sage under their own weight.
Large lenses give really bright views.
Large lenses magnify the microscopic.
Large lenses provide a wide field of vision with a unique design and comfort.
Large lesions are less likely to spontaneously resolve.
Large lesions are quite rare.
Large lesions can ulcerate the mucosa or penetrate the serosa.
Large lesions girdle the vine, resulting in wilt.
Large letters are the same style used to teach children to print.
Large letters refer to dominate alleles, lower case for recessive alleles.
Large letters show a few rough edges, and very small type is hard to read.
Large libraries are located in universities.
Large library contains scientific and newspaper articles.
Most large libraries carry books on individual county and state historical societies.
Most large libraries have copies, usually on microfilm, of newspapers from their regions.
Large lid allows easy access.
Large lids trap too much warm air around warm foods and prevent rapid cooling.
Large light filled studios are also available for design work.
Large light filled studios provide voluminous spaces for design and collaborative work.
Large lights integrated into the roof area create a friendly and light atmosphere.
Some large lights are actually houses on fire.
All large lighthouses use electricity.
Large limbs are common in the mid and upper bole.
Large limbs die and fall to the ground year round.
Some large liners have kennels and trained help to look after pets.
Large link directories as well as online research and articles.
Large lips show someone who is generous.
Large list takes a moment to load.
Large lists can have thousands of readers.
Any large list purporting to be of people who want any kind of advertising e-mail is a fraud.
Some large lists have a policy of sending information privately to the requester.
Large lizards have short legs.
Most large lizards have short legs.
Some large lizards become domestic pets.
Some large lizards become pets.
Large loads can receive a discount on delivery.
Large loans can scare some lenders off.
Large lobsters seem to be extremely rare or non-existent in the sound.
Large logs are also good collection sites.
Large logos are inlayed leather and are hand cut.
Large looms weave the yarn into cloth.
Large loops allow use of whole hand to operate.
Large loops connect the domains.
Large lot abuts common wooded area.
Large lot affords many possibilities.
Large lot allows expansion without pushing to setbacks.
Large lot backs up to private woods .
Large lot is lush with tropical plants and trees.
Large lot offers additional yard space off master bedroom.
Large lots create the privacy of an individual home.
Large lots feature plenty of mature landscaping, with some spectacular evergreens.
Large lots incur higher public service cost and force people to drive longer distances.
Large lounges provide for pleasant living.
Large luggage is no problem.
Large lungs help the cheetah breathe deeply .
Large lymphocytes are active B or T cells.
Large lymphocytes have abundant pale blue transparent cytoplasm.
Large macaws relish different and interesting textures.
Large machines take the place of many workers and allow farms to run with fewer people.
Large magnification requires good resolution .
Large magnolias are evident, as well as occasional hickory, sweet gum, and pine.
Large mailboxes have a negative effect on our email server.
Large mailboxes indicate someone who is consistently leaving mail on the server.
Large mailings are no problem.
Large mailings come in from Seattle's largest corporations and government agencies.
Large majorities are willing to sacrifice if it means effective outcomes for children.
Large majorities support both public and private solutions to the time pressures on families.
Large males are rare.
Large males are successful in competing for mates more often than small males are.
Large males associate with mixed schools during part of the year, presumably for breeding purposes.
Large males can be aggressive, but for the most part they keep to themselves.
Large males can be well over a foot in length.
Large males can product larger amounts of sperm than their smaller counterparts.
Large males develop gibbosities in the frontal area when breeding.
Large males do defend sections of the beach using displays and fights that can escalate to death.
Large males gain a mating advantage.
Large males have high, vertical forehead, while the female's forehead is rounded.
Large males occupy more breeding territory than small males do.
Large males use their bony heads and five-inch horns to spar with one another.
Some large males weigh over , so it is the second-largest living cat after the tiger .
Some large males weigh over , so it is the second-largest living cat after the tiger.
Large mammals are the park's main attraction.
Large mammals are usually able to escape without too much difficulty.
Large mammals can have difficulty cooling down if they get overheated.
Large mammals eat grass.
Large mammals eat plants.
Large mammals find shelter in the shade of a rock or tree.
Large mammals have tops.
Large mammals inhabit areas.
Large mammals play roles.
Large mammals survive conflict.
Large mammals survive in blast zones.
Large mammals survive in zones.
Large mammals survive on stored fat and low quality food during winter.
Large mammals use polynyas as feeding grounds, suggesting rich biotic activity.
Large mammals weigh kgs.
Many large mammals live in the taiga, including elk, moose, deer, wolves, bear, and lynx.
More large mammals coexist here than in any other place on Earth.
Most large mammals eat grass.
Most large mammals eat plants.
Most large mammals inhabit areas.
Most large mammals play roles.
Most large mammals survive conflict.
Most large mammals survive in blast zones.
Most large mammals survive in zones.
Most large mammals weigh kgs.
Some large mammals find on coasts.
Some large mammals find on east coasts.
Some large mammals find on north american east coasts.
Some large mammals find on north coasts.
Some large mammals have howler monkeys.
Some large mammals have monkeys.
Some large mammals inhabit coastal marine water.
Some large mammals inhabit coastal water.
Some large mammals inhabit marine water.
Some large mammals inhabit water.
Some large mammals live in sea water.
Some large mammals live in warm sea water.
Some large mammals live in warm water.
Some large mammals live in water.
Some large mammals look like hogs.
Some large mammals look like pigs.
Some large mammals look like wild hogs.
Some large mammals produce offspring.
Some large mammals serve as hosts.
Large men look best in straight-hanging coats rather than fitted jackets, which accent the waist.
Large men win football games.
Large mandibles are common in males, and shorter pinchers are found in females.
Large manufacturer needs CEO immediately.
Large manufacturers can now ask customers to complete registration cards online.
Large manufacturers have to replace a lot of machinery when they develop new technology.
Many large manufacturers receive thousands of internet visitors each day.
Most large manufacturers work globally rather than locally.
Some large manufacturers have their own factories in Asian countries, many of which are in China.
Large map are in grayscale or bitmap tif format.
Large map shows exact race location.
Large margins provide space for notes and doodles.
Large marine mammals weigh kgs.
Large marine predators have large prey.
Large marine predators have prey.
Large markers have generous reservoirs so that pigment can be dispensed in a consistent line.
Large markets are available in most regions of North and South America.
Large markets require a consistent supply, and reliable price and quality.
Large masks are more difficult to print than smaller masks.
Large mass absorbs heat.
Large mass can be an adult.
Large mass oozes along as a single unit.
Most large mass absorbs heat.
Large masses cool slowly to form a polygonal joint pattern.
Large master bedroom up.
Large mats tend to be extremely heavy and impossible to maneuver into a stall.
All large materials handling machinery rely on diesel engines.
Large meals are to be avoided.
Large meals can make the problem worse.
Large meals create a burden on digestion.
Large meals make for unproductive afternoons.
Large meals travel further distance down the intestines before they are fully digested and absorbed.
Large meals trigger a starvation response.
Some large meals consist of oatmeal porridge.
Some large meals consist of porridge.
Large mealworms are the same as our regular mealworms, just bigger.
Large mealworms eat small mealworms, and beetles eat everything from egg through to pupa.
Large measure cups fill with water.
Most large meetings run from one day to one week.
Large membership is an aid to survival.
Large menu includes enchiladas, rellenos, burritos and tacos with eight meat fillings.
Large messages can be hard on system traffic as well as causing problems with some newsreaders.
Large meteorites are scarce.
Large meteorites can make craters on Earth and other planets.
Large meteoroids are believed to come from the asteroid belt.
Every large metropolis has it's 'rising crime rates' and Nairobi is no exception.
Large micrometers are standard.
Most large mills cater to wholesalers, which means they have to move volume.
Some large mills reduce the drying time by using a heated cabinet or hot cylinders.
Large minds discuss accomplishments.
Large minds talk about ideas.
Large minivans can feel cumbersome on narrow, twisting roads.
Large mirror shows the whole compass capsule as well as the sighting line.
Large mirrors adorn each side, and there is black trim around the windows.
Large mirrors are considerably cheaper to build or buy than large lenses.
Large mirrors hang at different angles from the ceiling, further confusing one s sense of direction.
Large mirrors help reduce blind spots.
Large mirrors make rooms appear larger and reflect good chi if placed correctly.
Large mismatches are the kiss of death.
Large mobiles made from colorful sandblasted plexiglas float above the main dining room and foyer.
Large model features date indicator and automatic movement.
Large molars crush food.
Most large molars crush food.
Large molecules experience better penetration in larger pores, resulting in better resolution.
Large molecules remain in the blood of the glomerulus.
Large monitor completes simultaneous fixation facilitated adjustment.
Large monitors allow all group members to view work.
Large monitors are currently available.
Large monitors are easy to see in brightly lit rooms without dimming the lights.
Large monopolies mean big money.
Large mortalities are also significant.
Some large moths pollinate african orchids.
Some large moths pollinate orchids.
Large mountain ranges form at sites of continent-continent collision.
Large mouth allows fast filling, emptying.
Large mouth are dominate in north fork while small mouth rule main creek.
Large mouths fill with sharp teeth.
Large mouths fill with teeth.
Large mouths have jaws.
Large mouths have sharp teeth.
Large mouths have strong jaws.
Large mouths have teeth.
Most large mouths fill with sharp teeth.
Most large mouths fill with teeth.
Most large mouths have jaws.
Most large mouths have sharp teeth.
Most large mouths have strong jaws.
Most large mouths have teeth.
Large moves are more likely than small ones.
Large moves require a minimum of two weeks notice.
Large movements occur during dike intrusions, large earthquakes, or landslides.
Large mowers consume wavy green alfalfa, strewing it behind like a rug.
Large muscle lies medial to the rectus femoris.
Large muscles attach on large bones.
Large muscles radiate from it to the chest wall, spinal column, and skull.
Large museums produce their own museum-inspired products, such as books, scarves, and jewelry.
Many large museums have archaeologists on staff.
Large mutations can often be deleterious.
Large negatives transfer a much sharper image to a portrait sized picture.
Large neighborhoods can form the foundation for such tools.
Large nests provide a home for up to five million insects.
Large net has small tear after midnight tow.
Large networks are an example of a tree topology .
Large networks are an example of a tree topology.
Large networks are difficult to protect against various forms of malicious attack.
Large networks are hard for administrators to secure and easy for hackers to compromise.
Large networks have sophisticated routers that manage multiple internal and external connections.
Large networks require large training times.
Large networks tend to have multiple systems being used for different purposes.
Most large networks have at least one file server.
Most large networks use a big, expensive Cisco router to share an Internet connection.
Most large networks use the eunuchs system.
Large newspapers run on too many meetings.
Some large newspapers do operate online customer service departments.
Large nipples predict an increase in material wealth.
Large nodules form in the upper soil surface and decrease in size with increasing soil depth.
Large nonprofits are very important, and increasingly important in American society.
Large nostrils show a keen sense of smell.
A large number is an amount
Large number are from the U.S. and Western Europe.
Large number equals small opening and small number equals large opening.
Large numbers aggregate most noticeably on the south walls of isolated, white-painted farm houses.
Large numbers are also hard to name.
Large numbers are bred in captivity, particularly in Australia.
Large numbers are difficult to factor, while they are relatively easy to divide.
Large numbers are found in the blood only in early infections.
Large numbers are inflationary.
Large numbers are less stringent.
Large numbers are nice, but more importantly pray for the spiritual growth of the students.
Large numbers are often present in pasture but usually go unnoticed.
Large numbers are sqaure footage for areas.
Large numbers are the main focus in math.
Large numbers are transferred, and the relatively few able to feed survive and reproduce.
Large numbers are very impressive as well as the letters and phone calls.
Large numbers begin to emigrate to the United States.
Large numbers can attach to and clog the interior surfaces of boat motors and water intake pipes.
Large numbers can cause intestinal blockages, bloody diarrhea and even premature death.
Large numbers can cause obstruction of the small intestine.
Large numbers can cluster in a small area.
Large numbers can indicate moderate, or slightly polluted water quality.
Large numbers choose to work in the public or private sector before attending school.
Large numbers combined with intense selection pressures allow for rapid genetic improvement.
Large numbers compete for food and cause intestinal discomfort.
Large numbers congregate on the undersides of leaves, twigs, and stems.
Large numbers continue to enter Kosovo and other countries from particular areas of Serbia.
Large numbers eat their savings during periodic layoffs.
Large numbers enter law school and become attorneys and judges.
Large numbers gather over the spawning sites to deposit eggs.
Large numbers go on to teaching careers in conservatories and private schools of dance.
Large numbers have one or two meals at school.
Large numbers have positive exponents while small numbers have negative exponents.
Large numbers imply heavier subunits and therefore faster sedimentation.
Large numbers increase the avalanche hazard.
Large numbers indicate a smoother, more comfortable motion in a sea way.
Large numbers indicate a smoother, more comfortable motion in a sea-way.
Large numbers indicate problems.
Large numbers lessen the value of each unit.
Large numbers make the grid easy to use and read.
Large numbers migrate northward from the Gulf states each spring.
Large numbers occur at Mono Lake during fall migration, with smaller numbers in spring.
Large numbers pass by on migration.
Large numbers remove sap and effect quality and yield of seed.
Large numbers suffer from both disorders.
Large numbers take on one more form in the computer.
All large numbers are accents.
Large numerals track for easy day viewing.
Large nuts are usually preferred, but there are many good small-nut cultivars.
Large oaks are usually hollow or rotten in the center, making exact age determinations impossible.
Large objects are binary files that are inserted into a database.
Large objects are removed using screens .
Large objects are removed using screens.
Large objects dangling in the wind can be very difficult to control.
Large objects require more force to move, but they experience a greater attraction to the earth.
Large objectives allow maximum light gathering.
Large office has private bath with shower.
Large offices focusing on commercial interiors are competitive.
Most large offices have a bureaucratic hierarchy.
Large oil finds in the North Sea make Norway prosperous.
Large ones are easy to find.
Large ones are good for carrying wet clothes, for grouping underwear or socks, and so on.
Large ones are more expensive but there is no difference in the taste compared with small ones.
Large ones have diffent pupils.
Large ones provide stability on the ocean.
Large ones weigh tons and stand about sixteen feet high.
Large opening has plastic tabs to accommodate almost any size drink.
Large opening offers faster filling and dispensing.
Large openings are to be replaced by an array of standard sized openings.
Large openings can lead to heart failure and death.
Large operations can, because of their volume of sales, earn respectable incomes.
Large operations come under the same set of rules as other solid waste facilities.
Large operations have the potential to create large problems.
Large operations produce methamphetamine in Mexico and California.
Large operations require such diets.
All large operations are now signifigantly faster.
Many large operators are now heavily indebted and have little prospect of early re-financing.
Large orbits are present to accommodate large eyes necessary for good vision.
Many large orchards use mechanical aids to thin peaches.
Large order is a project
Large orders are a specialty.
Large orders are no problem.
Large orders are our speciality.
Large orders are our specialty.
Large orders are proportionately more.
Large orders are still very much a part of our daily operation.
Large orders are the primary exception.
Large orders are welcome.
Large orders can earn volume discounts.
Large orders can have multiple partial shipments.
Large orders have no priority over small orders.
Large orders inquire for case discounts.
Large orders receive an additional discount.
Large orders require a deposit prior to processing.
Large orders require a full tote, small orders can use one tote divided into eight cells.
Large orders require less postage.
Large orders require more lead time.
Large organisations appear to make only slight use of external consultants.
Large organisations can afford to take a long-term approach to growing balanced sales teams.
Large organisations can inherit difficult communications or industrial relations problems.
Large organisations can lose focus, lacking innovation and strategic direction.
Large organisations have a separate procurement division.
Large organisations have numerous considerations to balance.
Large organisations rely on riskexplore r to manage their risk.
Large organisations rely on riskexplorer to manage their risk.
Large organisations tend to compartmentalise the individual.
Large organisations tend to offer higher salaries.
Large organisations use medical insurance schemes to enable some employees to use private hospitals.
Large organisations use petabytes of storage to hold massive amounts of data .
Large organisations use petabytes of storage to hold massive amounts of data.
Large organisations use terabytes of storage to hold massive amounts of data .
Large organisations use terabytes of storage to hold massive amounts of data.
All large organisations attract occasional 'bad news'.
Many large organisations fail to identify their own information requirements.
Many large organisations have corporate access.
Many large organisations have numerous senior officers.
Most large organisations have a wide variety of incompatible computing systems.
Large organisms know where they are relative to Earth's surface because gravity provides the cue.
Large organisms tend to require a lot of energy and correspondingly large consumption.
Every large organism is a home to a host of tiny organisms.
Most large organisms begin life as a fertilised egg, with a nucleus containing chromosomes.
Large organizations are culturally diverse.
Large organizations are likely to continue combining departments to eliminate duplicate functions.
Large organizations are more often able to pay higher wages than small organizations.
Large organizations can exert a great deal of buying power.
Large organizations continue to de-layer, restructure and downsize.
Large organizations develop complex systems.
Large organizations estimate cost.
Large organizations have large and complex needs, and they tend to insist on absolute control.
Large organizations make recommendations.
Large organizations pay substantially more for exhibit space, which also helps defray costs.
Large organizations require hierarchy and bureaucracy to some degree.
Large organizations require specialists with skills in specific areas of human resource management.
Large organizations tend, because of their very size, to have large problems.
Large organizations use applications across the entire firm or enterprise.
Large organizations use twin systems for security and system backup.
Every large organization has a rumor mill.
Many large organizations are happy to pay big bucks for quality lists.
Many large organizations build data warehouses to analyze and improve their business practices.
Many large organizations deny modems to individ ual workstations.
Many large organizations find it convenient to divide their network number into subnet .
Many large organizations have a requirement to support remote small offices.
Many large organizations use class B addresses.
Most large organizations develop technical support staff responsible for network services.
Most large organizations employ a mix of databases to support their different business applications.
Most large organizations employ many individuals to handle the management task.
Most large organizations have a preferred style.
Most large organizations have a pretty good handle on that.
Most large organizations have local chapters that work on lobbying local politicians.
Most large organizations have millions of lines of program code affected.
Most large organizations have people or even whole departments devoted to controlling performance.
Most large organizations keep track of their employees in a database.
Most large organizations make recommendations.
Large osteochondromas can interfere with skeletal growth causing deformity.
Large osteophytes form.
Large outbreaks occur in feedlots, where stress due to crowding is likely.
Large oval leaves with fringing of the edges.
Large ovens tend to have complex damper systems, and a personality.
Large owls are excellent at sampling the local fauna, especially small birds and reptiles.
Large owls are obviously capable of making large pellets.
Large owls eat large prey.
Large owls eat rabbits.
Large owls prey on young and adult birds.
Most large owls eat large prey.
Some large owls including great gray owl typically rely on lemmings and voles for their consumption.
Large packs are more difficult to get through tight spots.
Large packs are rare.
Large packages take longer to freeze and thaw, which affects both quality and length of storage.
Large packages tend to freeze slowly resulting in an overly soft product.
Large packets are great if error rates are very low.
Large packets take some time being transmitted by routers.
Large pages take longer than small ones.
Large paintings are impossible to hang because of the curved walls and low ceiling.
Large paintings are more effective when displayed alone on walls.
Large paintings can overwhelm small rooms.
Large paintings hang on the dark walls, including one of a sad clown.
Large paintings possess a heightened physicality.
Large paintings present the viewer with distinctive circumstances.
Large pans require more cooking water.
Some large pans contain hot water.
Some large pans contain water.
Some large pans fill with water.
Large pandas live in southern China.
Large panes reduce the shading of the crop from the support frame.
Large panels eliminate field seams Custom size and shape panels.
Large paper mills produce products.
Large paper mills produce specialty paper products.
Large papers spread between quilts at night add much to warmth.
Large parallelism increases network and storage throughput and thus, increases scalability.
Large parasites serve as reservoirs for infection.
Large parcel backs up to an area of large, expensive homes on one side, Open Space on another.
Large parcel provides privacy.
Large parcels are similarly available to the west and south of Portland.
Large parrots have origins.
Large parrots live for years.
Large parrots share features.
Large parrots share many features.
Most large parrots have origins.
Most large parrots live for years.
Most large parrots share many features.
Large part goes to inequities.
Large parts fall off.
Large parts require large tools.
Large particles are usually heavier than small ones, and take more energy to move around.
Large particles can lead to reduced lung function, restricted breathing and an obstructed airway.
Large particles dominate the mass loss from the nucleus.
Large particles have layer structures.
Large particles have structures.
Large particles perform the major task of loosening the thick, heavy contaminants.
Large particles provide the bulk of the wall, while the smaller particles fill in the spaces.
Large particles settle quickly.
Large particles take up more space.
Most large particles have layer structures.
Most large particles have structures.
Some large particles pass through colons.
Large parties are always welcome.
Large parties are safer than solo hikers.
Large parties are very welcome by appointment.
Large parties are welcome in the enclosed patio.
Large parties are welcome, from groups of three to one hundred and two.
Large parties create logistic problems that can always be improved upon.
Large parties disturb other visitors' solitude and cause greater impacts to trails and campsites.
Large parties mean large quantities of food.
Large parties prefer the gently sloping South Lake Lawn.
Large parties welcome.
Large patch can also appear in shaded aras and wet areas in mid-summer.
Large patches are too risky.
Large patches contain a significantly higher proportion of oak leaves than small patches.
Large patio is surrounded by lovely gardens .
Large patio overlooks garden.
Large patios surrounding the award-winning rimflow pool are ideal for entertaining and relaxing.
Large patterns add excitement and drama while small patterns create a subdued effect.
Large patterns are best.
Large patterns are distractful while small patterns can make text hard to read.
Some large patterns emerge immediately.
Large paws act like snowshoes.
Most large paws act like snowshoes.
Large payments constitute a significant portion of the amounts collected.
Large peas lose their tenderness.
Large peaches develop sunken, corky areas.
Large pendant is custom made and sits well on larger chain, long or short.
Large pendants found around New England include a copper 'thunderbird' shaped gorget.
Large penises have erections.
Most large penises have erections.
Large people are okay.
Large people can end up with a badly sagging innerspring mattress in as little as two years.
Large people can maintain an upright posture securely.
Large people can wear white and look great.
Large people cool slower than small people.
Large people endure a lot of pain when traveling by air.
Large people have larger metabolic loads.
Large people require larger doses than small people.
Many large people are a product of their genes, or altered body chemistry.
Large percentage are computer related, updated weekly.
Large periwinkles are eaten in temperate countries such as England.
Large perspiration marks at each armpit.
Large Pets Welcome.
Large photos are also incompatible with modems.
Large photos block our email system.
Large photos offer users a chance to explore each element.
Large photos take some time to display.
Large photos take some time to download.
Large photos use up printer ink in a hurry.
Large photographs show the early potters at work.
Large pictures are expensive.
Large pictures can take users a very long time to load.
Large pictures load twice as fast as before.
Large pictures open in a new window.
Large pictures take a long time to load.
Large pieces are fairly abundant.
Large pieces await installment.
Large pieces make one rookwise move.
Large pieces work better than finely chopped pecans The blended brown sugar and cream.
All large pieces are to be removed.
Many large pieces look like flagstones waiting to be quarried for home landscaping and patios.
Large pikes demand longer trains, provided there are long straightaways and gentle curves.
Large piles break down faster than smaller piles, but they are also more difficult to manage.
Large piles can catch fire causing air and water pollution.
Large piles generate more heat than a small pile.
Large pillars are a yellowish breccia, smaller pillars are a white breccia with gray veining.
Large pillars mark the front and rear entrances to the home.
Large pine trees down.
Large pipes carry water.
Most large pipes carry water.
Large piston allows for wide damping adjustment range.
Large pixels can make things easier to see, but they sometimes make images look blocky or jagged.
Many large plans believe their search processes are sufficiently refined as they now stand.
Many large plans use a number of different investment managers.
Some large plans provide emergency services around the clock at their own clinics and hospitals.
Large planets are planets.
Large planets are the easiest to see and are bright enough to see colour and subtle detail.
Large planets can explode, which is how the asteroid belt was created.
Large plant eaters need calories.
Large plant is productive.
Large plant is very productive.
Large plants are easier to move if kept on platforms with casters.
Large plants are more susceptible to high summer temperatures.
Large plants become difficult but small first year plants are easy to pull even in the dry season.
Large plants become heavily infested before the insect is noticed.
Large plants can easily weigh more than it is safe for one person to lift.
Large plants create a homey feeling.
Large plants develop a short trunk- like crown.
Large plants have small fleshy green leaves.
Large plants require equally large containers to prevent stunting of root and shoot growth.
Large plants take a little different technique and the help of a friend.
Large plants tend to dry out the soil.
Most large plants restrain cattle in a conveyor restrainer system.
Most large plants use cardiac arrest head to back or head to side of body stunning.
Large plantations are unnecessary.
Most large planters are water resistant and crack proof.
Large plaques impede blood flow to the heart and cause coronary pain called angina.
Large plates are the size of a traditional entrees.
Large platform allows for a variety weighing applications.
Large platforms allow huge power transfer.
Large plots tend to withstand deer pressure best.
Large pockets hold a lot.
Large pockets make the backpack very practical as everything has a place of it's own.
Large pods develop strings, as do the snap peas.
Large pointer makes viewing the positioning of the zero indicator a breeze.
Large polyps can obstruct the airway and block drainage from the sinuses.
Large polyps can obstruct the airway.
Large polyps can prevent nasal breathing, forcing the individual to breathe through their mouth.
Large ponds are more difficult to manage whereas small ponds are expensive to build.
Large ponds have the largest production capacities relative to other systems of comparable cost.
Large pool offers a spacious entertaining area.
Large pool perfect for lap swimmers.
Many large pools rope off lanes for water walkers, and some even offer water walking as a class.
Large population based study appears valid.
Large populations are found in Florida, southern Georgia, and Louisiana.
Large populations are more resistant.
Large populations are necessary to support a telephone industry or an automobile industry.
Large populations are present in Montana and North Dakota.
Large populations are present in Montana, North Dakota, and Wisconsin.
Large populations are present in Wyoming, Montana, Colorado, and Wisconsin.
Large populations bring unbearable pecking order pressures on individual birds.
Large populations build up in a short period of time.
Large populations build up over time and then crash before building up again.
Large populations can be extremely damaging to seedling lettuce.
Large populations can build up in stubble from good crops.
Large populations can build up unnoticed before plants begin to show visible symptoms.
Large populations can cause severe damage to paper and paper products.
Large populations can cause significant damage before damage becomes obvious to the casual observer.
Large populations can cause wilting and poor plant growth due to minor root pruning.
Large populations can kill or stunt seedlings.
Large populations can pollute the environment with their own wastes.
Large populations can run away from disease sources.
Large populations can severely defoliate or kill plants.
Large populations cause cupping and curling of the leaves and prevent head formation.
Large populations cause leaves to brown and drop prematurely.
Large populations cause the leaves to turn brown and drop from the plant.
Large populations develop during hot, dry weather.
Large populations develop over the summer.
Large populations experience their own problems.
Large populations have a large gene pool, with lots of diversity between individuals.
Large populations live both on the borders of and deep within important forests.
Large populations live, work, and grow here.
Large populations occur only in Canada and Alaska.
Large populations raise the standard of living by providing a wide variety of goods and services.
Large populations reduce plant vigor.
Large populations reduce the effect of mutations.
Large populations tend to get pulled toward the nearest fitness peak and stay there.
Large populations tend to have high mutation rates.
Large porches are available for lounging in the summer.
Large porches encourage neighbourly interaction.
Large porches span the length of two sides of the cabin.
Large pores are a concern for many women.
Large pores are a function of sexual hormones and their expression.
Large pores are a problem for many women.
Large pores are best at conducting water through the soil when water content is high.
Large pores facilitate lymphocyte travel to tissues.
Large pores permit air to reenter the medium following irrigation.
Large pores permit better exchange of gases between soil and atmosphere.
Large pores tend to produce strong contrast in staining.
Large portion sol it are covered with a saline efflorescence of a snowy whiteness.
Large portions are identical, but some parts are rearranged or rewritten.
Large portions are photocopies.
Large portions are rough and barren, and vegetation is sparse.
Large portions choke spiritual growth.
Large portions exist in Greek.
Large posts are to be avoided.
Large pots are best.
Large pots are especially very inexpensive when compared to similar size ceramic pots.
Large pots are very inexpensive when compared to similar size ceramic pots.
Large pots hold moisture longer, so bigger is better when containers are placed in full sunlight.
Large potholes are ubiquitous, and adequate signage or shoulders are almost non-existent.
Some large pouches fill with food.
Most large practices rotate the on-call in a birth or hospital.
Large predators compete for food.
Large predators consume large numbers.
Large predators consume numbers.
Large predators have large prey.
Large predators have population size.
Large predators have prey.
Large predators have size.
Large predators hunt animals.
Large predators hunt other animals.
Large predators include gray wolves.
Large predators include wolves.
Large predators inhabit territory.
Large predators require cool water.
Large predators require water.
All large predators have a role to play.
Most large predators compete for food.
Most large predators consume large numbers.
Most large predators have large prey.
Most large predators have population size.
Most large predators have prey.
Most large predators have size.
Most large predators hunt other animals.
Most large predators inhabit territory.
Most large predators require cool water.
Most large predators require water.
Some large predators eat adult iguanas.
Some large predators eat fish.
Some large predators eat iguanas.
Some large predators perform functions.
Some large predators perform important functions.
Some large predators prey on beavers.
Large presentations arise in practice which are poorly suited for either human or computer use.
Large presses have automatic plate shifting systems.
Large prey are dragged under water, drowned and then devoured in pieces.
Large prey is battered with the heavy claws on the forefeet before being torn to pieces.
Large prey is subdued by being held in a foot against a perch and then being repeatedly pecked.
Large prey is torn apart with talons and beak.
Large prey is usually paralyzed with the venom injected by the stinger before it is eaten.
Some large prey includes deer.
Some large prey includes fish.
Large prickles present costally.
Large primates have black fur.
Large primates have fur.
Most large primates have black fur.
Most large primates have fur.
Large print can appear on the screen or compatible dot-matrix printers.
Large print is easier to read in upper and lower case letters than in all upper case.
Large print is easy and simple to produce on most standard word processors and printers.
Large print is located at the rear of that area.
Large print is material printed using large letters.
Large print is more effective when used with color contrast.
Large print is only useful for people who have some vision.
Large print is print enlarged for persons with visual disabilities.
Large print magnifies the spaces, making it more difficult to read.
Large print makes it easy on the eyes.
Large print makes things easier to read.
Large prints are only available on paper.
Large prints are unmatted and small prints are matted.
Large prints take the better part of an hour to produce.
Large printers are usually beyond the means of most photographers.
Large printers tend to be more expensive and the printheads are too.
Large prizes can increase secrecy, bickering, and envy.
Large prizes feed right into the star system, which is now endemic and getting worse.
Large problems occur on the mare end with recycling.
Large problems occur quite naturally in the real world.
Large problems require large solutions and a large and complex one is suggested.
Large proceedings are somewhat difficult for publishers.
Large profits are the proof of good service and success in supplying consumers.
Large profits mean large payrolls.
Large programs are tedious to recompile just to insert debugging code.
Large programs consist of hundreds and thousands of definitions and expressions.
Large programs tend to generate a lot of conflict misses and a lot of distribution misses.
Large programs tend to require more approximations, which makes optimization less effective.
All large programs have bugs.
Large project quotes available.
Large projects are an important aspect of our business.
Large projects are due on the assigned due date.
Large projects are significantly less likely to be economically successful.
Large projects are subject to more complex regulations.
Large projects are very difficult to co-ordinate.
Large projects can easily stretch over several months.
Large projects can involve huge volumes of technical, statistical or numerical data.
Large projects can take two weeks or more of shop time.
Large projects fail more often than small ones.
Large projects have a few good developers, but lots of mediocry and lousy coders doing grunt work.
Large projects have a typical horizon of more than one decade.
Large projects involve several students working together.
Large projects require testing in phases as the components are completed.
Large projects see post Developments, commercial and complete homes out to bid or in planning.
Large projects tend to catch the public s eye, but the vast amount of projects aren t huge.
Most large projects are located outside the city center and are often quite challenging.
Most large projects operate in an incremental manner.
Some large projects are clearly unavoidable if one wishes to pursue certain goals.
Some large projects require full-scale international tenders of the highest sophistication.
Large projections give pinpointed pressure to specific areas and reach deeper reflex buttons.
Large propeller is visible.
Large properties are easy to split up and sell off in pieces once redeveloped.
Large properties are slightly more.
Large properties present special problems.
Large prostates can hide cancers commonly.
Large proteins are gummy and are bound up with starch.
Large proteins can gel stuck at the border to the separating gel.
Large proteins give more background signal than smaller proteins.
Large providers can be inpersonal.
Large providers can choose among four water conservation programs.
Large PSEs indicate high variability around estimates and therefore low precision.
Large public organizations make recommendations.
Large publishers can use it as a promotional tool or to sell novellas and individual stories.
Large publishers set up budgets for sending authors on tour to promote their new titles.
Large pump features dual outputs.
Large pumps are more expensive.
Large pumps are usually pad-mounted.
Large pumps lift wastewater leaving the grit basins into the primary tanks.
Large pumpkins hang on a wall among giant harsh leaves sprawling on trees.
Large pupils let more light into the retina.
Large pupils result in imperfect optics and the spot size is increased by ocular aberrations.
Large purses are easier to spot and grab.
Large pythons are the only snakes that incubate their eggs.
Large pythons can even eat larger mammals like the red muntjac, a type of Asian deer.
Large quantities add up to surplus calories, which can contribute to weight gain.
Large quantities are available at cost.
Large quantities are available for worldwide shipping.
Large quantities are easier to weed and care for in rows.
Large quantities are in stock at low prices for immediate delivery.
Large quantities are stored in buffalo skin bags for winter use.
Large quantities attract more attention.
Large quantities can produce gastrointestinal irritation and vomiting.
Large quantities get discount appraisal.
Large quantities impart a metallic taste to beer.
Large quantities increase turnaround time.
Large quantities reduce the price substantially.
Large quantities sent can cover a lot of ground.
Large quantities taken during the development stage can impair normal growth and hormonal balance.
Large quantities taken in one meal can actually bruise any internal organ, muscle or nerve.
Large quantities tracking charts are available at no charge for organizations, classes and groups.
Large quantity are welcome, however the gowns have to be sequins or beads work free.
Large quantity is available Tyres are selected by sizes and quality.
Large questions are still open.
Large queues form on sunny days in the summer, especially in the afternoon and at weekends.
Large radii provide a smooth , safe surface throughout.
Large RAIDs are one example.
Large rams follow certain ewes and attack lesser males that approach.
Large ranges include areas.
Some large raptors grab mice.
Large ravine protects front of green.
Large rays connect parenchyma within the stele to ground tissue outside the wood.
Large reefs tend to be more diverse than small, isolated reefs.
Large reflection occurs if the polarization is in the plane of the surface.
Large reflections can damage higher power lasers.
Large regions are at risk from the effects of both climate change and acidification.
Some large regions are intensely deformed.
Large remittances offset trade deficit.
Some large reptiles live in fresh water.
Some large reptiles live in water.
Large requests increase file size and retrieval time.
Large reserve can hold more sp.
Large reserves delay muscle fatigue and speed muscle recovery.
Large reservoirs are desirable for cooling.
Large reservoirs created by dams block the migration routes of deer.
Large reservoirs have the capability of capturing almost all of the sediment carried by a river.
Large reservoirs keep the shock oil cool, preventing heat induced fade.
Large reservoirs provide water for cities and towns and for recreation or flood control.
Large reservoirs provide water for cities and towns and for recreation.
Large reservoirs waste valuable engine room space.
Large residences have computer labs that are open until midnight every night.
Large residents lounge, parking, open all year.
Large resorts bring tourists form all over the world.
Large resource link for victims and survivors of domestic violence.
Some large restaurants use machines that create drinks.
Large restroom are nearby with showers also.
Large results can be output and shipped.
Large retailers can study the buying trends of groups or individuals.
Large retailers have formal training programs for managerial candidates.
Large retailers keep driving prices down further and further.
Many large retailers have a customer service department, which is a good place to start.
Many large retailers have liberal return policies.
Most large retailers employ plain-clothes floor detectives to observe customers as they shop.
Large returns require large investments of both time and money.
Large rhizomes are capable of forming bunches or continuous sods.
Large rhizomes enable plants.
Large rhizomes enable rapid spread to form dense patches several yards in diameter.
Most large rhizomes enable plants.
Large rigs have plenty of room.
Large rigs welcome.
Large rivers flow across the plains, but the water levels vary greatly with each season.
Large rivers have comparatively more species than small streams.
Large rivers make deltas on the eastern coast while rivers flowing towards west forms estuaries.
Many large rivers are waterways for barges and other commercial vessels.
Most large rivers are formed from many tributaries.
Large roaches are common in North America.
Most large roaches are easier to control than German roaches.
Large rock specimens surround the building.
Large rocks are a great decoration for the walkway or yard.
Large rocks are the most effective buffers against erosion because the diffuse wave action.
Large rocks are too heavy to be lifted.
Large rocks can also roll down steep slopes and present a great danger to people and property.
Large rocks dot the trail into interesting formations.
Large rocks drop out of the stream flow immediately.
Large rocks line the perimeter of the pond in a natural fashion.
Large rocks move.
Large rocks placed in the area provide warm spots for basking.
Large rocks protruding out of the road are the primary obstacles.
Large rocks provide focal points in many gardens.
Large rocks provide the most productive habitat.
Large rockers are in plastic bags.
Large rodents are more apt to survive an attack by a rabid animal and do sometimes develop rabies.
Large rodents consume matter.
Most large rodents consume matter.
Some large rodents look like beavers.
Large rookeries occur on islands off the central Queensland Coast.
Large rooms are available for groups of three to eight.
Large rooms can take more pattern than small rooms.
Large rooms designed for four residents now provide spacious accommodations for two women each.
Large rooms face the ocean or mountains and there are also suites and some two bedroom units.
Large rooms face the sea, with balcony.
Large rooms feature a sitting area with wicker furniture and a porch swing.
Large rooms hold antiques and wood floors.
Large rooms offer oversize beds, private baths - great decks.
Large rooms provide extra space and vaulted ceilings further expand the volume.
All large rooms have a private entrance and are furnished as a sitting room.
All large rooms make for great family home.
Some large rooms fill with water.
Large roosts are a winter phenomenon only.
Large roots become swollen and stubby.
Large roots form other buds giving loose and branched heads.
Large roots stretch to the stream, providing shelter.
Large roundworms cause infection.
Most large roundworms cause infection.
Large rubies are harder to find than large diamonds, emeralds and sapphires.
Large rubies are often worth more than fine diamonds of the same size.
Large rugs take several months to make.
Large runs are normally high competition and low profit margin.
Large runners have more weapon mounts, and, perhaps more importantly, can carry more weight.
Large saddle provides a secure and stable lifting platform.
Large sails catch the wind and move the boat in the same manner as a full-size sailboat.
Large saloon features all round visibility a circular table and cocktail cabinets etc.
Large samples are also unethical, because they represent a waste of resources.
Large samples fit directly in the microscope without cutting.
Some large samples use devices.
Large sand features with recognizable seagrass patches.
Large sapphires are rare and much sought after.
Large sauropods need air.
Large scale automated equipment provides significant cost benefits.
Large scale is no longer the only path to low production costs.
Large scale is the operative term.
Large scale means less reduction and a map covering a small area.
Large scale means Small area covered by the map.
Large scale means the size of everything on the map is larger - closer to actual size.
Large scale printed study plans are available.
Large scale touring loudspeaker systems represent the best live music listening posts in the world.
Large scars indicate boll rather than square abortion.
Large scatter reflects the effects of varying convective organization.
Large schools are widespread in the Gulf and Atlantic, from near the beaches to well offshore.
Large schools can broken up into small schools with little or no capital investment.
Large schools can offer more learning opportunities for students.
Large schools can structure into small schools within a school.
Large schools cause kids to get lost in the shuffle.
Large schools feed on anchovies and herrings.
Large schools function more like bureaucracies, small schools more like communities.
Large schools get to keep art, music and physical education teachers all day.
Large schools provide a wider spectrum of programs and have more flexibility.
Large schools spend their days and nights in deeper water.
Some large schools have a long history.
Some large schools offer just about every area of study.
Large scopes reveal a nearly perfect sphere of stars.
Large scorpions live in tropical forests .
Large scorpions live in tropical forests.
Large scrapbooks are more pleasurable to view if divided into sections with title pages.
Large screen shows hundreds of animations.
Large screens are also useful for browsing the net or working on large spreadsheets.
Large screens emphasize some visual problems more than others.
Large screens have one aisle wheelchair space at each end of the seventh row.
Large screens require a horizontal seam.
Large screens require horizontal seams.
Large screens require one or more horizontal seams.
Large screw fits securely into existing hole .
Large scuppers drain water quickly.
Large seabirds feed on fish.
Most large seabirds feed on fish.
Some large searches can take more than a minute.
Large sections require additional proctors.
Large seed needs to be well spaced to facilitate later transplanting.
Large seeds are an important adaptation in dune plants.
Large seeds have lots of storage material.
Large seeds store better in nitrogen.
Large seeds work best.
Large seedlings are harder to use with hand planting tubes, but are well suited to machine planting.
Large seepages can cause memory loss, emotional outbursts, confusion, incontinence, mini strokes.
Large servers are difficult to handle in a pilot program.
Large servings can overwhelm a child.
Large set includes detailed company histories.
Large set is index to manufacturers by product and type of service.
Large sets break down much more often than small ones.
Large sets require close attention in maintaining the numbering pattern.
Large sets tend to form seed stalks earlier than smaller sets.
All large sets are prong mounted with only the very smallest being glued in.
Large setbacks ensures dilution of odours to non-offensive levels in most situations.
Large settees look nice, but they mostly go unused because no one wants to sit in the middle.
Most large settlements have trees and are quite green in spring and summer.
Large shadows stand in the dark hall.
Large shares go to highway and bridge maintenance.
Large shareholdings offer more voting power.
Large sharks are a significant cause of mortality in young dolphins.
Large sharks are the wolves and mountain lions of the sea.
Large sharks lurk everywhere.
Large sharks swim by slowly, receding into the seemingly limitless distance.
Some large sharks eat mammals.
Some large sharks eat marine mammals.
Some large sharks have few natural predators.
Some large sharks have natural predators.
Some large sharks have predators.
Large shears can lead to flow instabilities.
Large shears produce a large ventilation of heat away from the developing disturbance.
Large sheets come loose easily.
Large shells wash into the shallows. .
Large shelters are available only on an all-day basis.
Large ships are less affected by wave motion siply because of their size.
Large ships are less vulnerable than small ships.
Large ships are located in sea.
Large ships can also absorb light boats.
Large ships can create their own 'jump points' to enter and exit hyperspace.
Large ships can float because they contain a great deal of empty space.
Large ships can make their own points.
Large ships can pass through the entrance and enter the protected bay.
Large ships can sail to some inland cities through wide rivers and canals.
Large ships carry cargo around the world.
Large ships cause tremendous pollution both in port and at sea.
Large ships create a suction that pulls water out of adjacent marshes.
Large ships kill more right whales than any other documented cause of mortality.
Large ships require room to stop.
Large ships travel through Saint Petersburg's canals.
Large ships unload sand and shingle, scrap iron and wood.
Many large ships sail through the Strait here, which made crossing in the fog a little unnerving.
Large shipments are considerably less expensive to ship by ocean.
Large shoes are much easier to shape after they've been heated in forge.
All large shops offer an array of goods at competitive prices.
Some large shop offer a certificate or warranty with each gold purchase.
Large shrimp can be half that price.
Large shrimps are able to avoid predation by rapid movement but large daphnids are easily caught.
Some large shrimp has cholesterol.
Large shrubs can have their branches tied to each other to help support the snow load.
Large shrubs can serve as windbreaks to reduce wind velocities.
Large shrubs have attributes.
Large shrubs have desirable attributes.
Large shrubs have several desirable attributes.
Large shrubs obscure the front entry and windows from view.
Most large shrubs have attributes.
Most large shrubs have desirable attributes.
Most large shrubs have several desirable attributes.
Some large shrubs reduce desirabilities.
Large sigma means small window.
Large signs are located in motels.
Large signs designating recycling areas work well.
Large signs mark each stop.
Large signs recognize the class gift, and a temporary floor display case has been established.
Large signatures are a no-no.
Large signatures are another thing which cost many news readers precious time and money.
Large signatures increase the loading time of the page greatly.
Large signatures waste valuable resources and network bandwidth.
Large signboard shows path network.
Some large sinkholes provide construction.
Large sinuses exist that allow blood direct contact with tissues.
Large site has catalogues, hobby info, and plenty of support.
Large sites are very vulnerable to denial of service attacks.
Large sites can earn even more.
Large sites can take minutes to download.
Large sites face another problem.
Large sites have an index or map.
Large sites increase site costs.
Many large sites have a home page, similar to a table of contents.
Many large sites provide unique challenges.
Most large sites have many contributors providing many layers of content to the site.
Most large sites tend to maintain an internal DNS for flexibility and control.
Most large sites use cookies for site management.
Large size adjusts Clark style headset to fit larger adults.
Large size allows easy control with the finger tips.
Large size appears to have evolved at least twice among dromaeosaurs .
Large size assures maximum skin surface coverage and warming.
Large size can be heavy vii.
Large size causes several problems for cells.
Large size fits adults, allowing enough room for cud chewing and yawning.
Large Size Fits All.
Large size fits almost all.
Large size fits average to large ears.
Large size fits over wide-brimmed hats.
Large size helps little fingers develop manual dexterity and fine visual-motor skills.
Large size holds even long import keys.
Large size is desirable but never at the expense of gait symmetry and balance.
Large size is dominant over small size, and purple flowers are dominant over white.
Large size is extremely important in fishes for maximizing egg production.
Large size is favored for two reasons.
Large size is necessary.
Large size is no problem.
Large size is partly the consequence of mechanization.
Large size is pictured.
Large size is popular at the tracks.
Large size is sold out.
Large size is the same size as an actual candy kiss.
Large size makes excellent background foliage for shade gardens.
Large size obscures speed.
Large size reprints from negatives are available for most of the photos in the gallery.
Large size reveals detailed fur, face, and feet.
Large sizes are also available for municipal, commercial and industrial applications .
Large sizes are available for commercial and industrial applications.
Large sizes are most important.
Large sizes are rare, and fine examples truly mark the borderline between pink sapphire and ruby.
Large sizes are slightly higher.
Large sizes can be costly.
Large sizes use less packaging and cost less per unit.
Many large sizes are available.
Some large size provides protection.
Large skips are infrequent, generally thirds and fourths.
Large skylights let in plenty of natural light, which also helps put patients at ease.
Large slaughterhouses are no substitute.
Large sleeves are lined and gathered onto the yoke, then sewn into the side seam.
Large slope divides green left and right making putting difficult.
Large sluices intercept the flow and direct it towards the tilled fields.
Large smokestacks rise up over the facility.
Large snags are important as bat roosting sites.
Large snags are important.
Large snags create fish habitat by forming pools and riffles in the stream.
Large snails can create copious amounts of waste adding to the nutrient load.
Large snakes are immensely powerful and can push their way out of all but the strongest cages.
Large snakes can use one or more well protected and waterproof heating pads.
Large snakes can use one or more well-protected and waterproofed heating pads.
Large snakes eat an adult rabbit once a week.
Large snakes eat large animals.
Large snakes use what is called rectilinear movement to move in a straight line.
Large snowman can be placed where the bird sits, small snowman can sit on top instead of the house.
Large snowshoes work best in deep, unbroken snow.
Large societies are products of the age of print.
Large soffits are a common design feature of northwest coast architecture.
Large solids require a large-grain resin that is unsatisfactory for small type.
Large sources work better than point sources.
Large sows can nurse in comfort.
Large spaces are available, and some of our units are semi-truck accessible.
Large spaces are liberating.
Large spaces are no problem.
Large spaces have acoustic peculiarities which causes echo and other related problems.
Large spaces require single microphone and sound system.
Large spawns are hard to manage.
Large speakers stand in two corners.
Large species are capable of inflicting serious bites.
Large species are no longer common due to heavy fishing pressure and disregard for local laws.
Large species are often difficult to transplant because of the deep tap root.
Large species tend to have longer incubation periods than small species.
Many large species are also as sensitive to UV-B as the small celled species.
Some large species have cannibalistic behavior.
Some large species live up to several years and move to larger water bodies to overwinter.
Large specimen is the greater omentum.
Large specimens approach six feet in length.
Large specimens are rare.
Large specimens attain considerable bulk and girth.
Large specimens can weigh as much as a pound, but most are the size of large walnuts.
Large specimens have numerous but smaller spots.
Large spheres are covered by membranes.
Most large spheres are covered by membranes.
Large Spill Notify all others in the room that the spill has occurred.
Large Spill Transfer to a labeled, sealable container for product recovery or safe disposal.
Large spill trough to control kitchen mess.
Large spills require respiratory protection.
Large splashes indicate major accelerations as do speed which are achieved quickly.
Large spools are available at most craft stores.
Large sporophyte nurtures the tiny female gametophytes.
Large sporophytes release spores.
Large spots can have more than one active head.
Large spreadsheets can be difficult to update when operational changes occur.
Large squares are links to descriptions of several birding spots in a larger region of the country.
Large squares are the size of four sides of a small block.
Large squares break down much more often than small squares.
Large squares highlight key players.
Large stands dominated by a single species are common.
Large stands grow on sands, loamy sands, and light sandy loams.
Large stars are non-starters, and small stars are problematic.
Large stars are often very luminous and hot, and so appear blue.
Large stars burn hotter and more quickly than do smaller ones.
Large stars burn their fuel fast and have short lives.
Large stars can fuse atoms as large as iron, but can go no further.
Large stars lose their matter relatively easily .
Large stars lose their matter relatively easily.
Large stars tend to have higher core temperatures than smaller stars.
Large states pay a larger share than the small states.
Many large stations rely on immense power for signal broadcasting.
Large steps line each side of the stadium.
Large steps provide seating for informal events.
Large stocks lie open in the fields or in mandis to rot in the rain.
All large stock involves a certain amount of knowledge and know-how.
Large stone is green, feels like glass.
Large stone is topaz colored, smaller one is smoky topaz coloration.
Large stones can become lodged in the neck of the gallbladder.
All large stones are prong set in a brilliant silver rohdium plate metal.
Large stools are hard at first, then sticky, then liquid.
Large storage allows stocking up.
Large stores are a key and growing sales channel for foreign firms, including film manufacturers.
Large stores sell large volumes at lower prices and look to the big brand names as their suppliers.
All large stores offer an array of goods at competitive prices.
Most large stores carry the tea in either liquid or tea bag form.
Most large stores have public conveniences at no charge.
Some large stores photograph each person who cashes a check along with the identification.
Large storefronts are available in Crescent City.
Large storm drains also lead into several of the basins from areas east of the Marina.
Large storms appear to be a major instigator of bark beetle outbreaks.
Large storms can drastically alter or even destroy some barrier islands.
Large storms happen in the bay , especially during the winter months .
Large storms happen in the bay, especially during the winter months.
Large storms knock out phone service.
Large storms seen on Jupiter suggest a natural laboratory for chemical evolution.
Large strains make a spectacular patio plant with some of the largest flowers around.
Large streams are rivers .
Large streamer flies with lots of flash work best.
Every large street is lined by cycle tracks enabling rapid and safe travelling without a car.
Large stripe are also quite fond of the walking minnow.
Large structures are often less safe than smaller homes in an earthquake.
Large stubs have difficulty healing and are vulnerable to insects and diseases.
Large studios stay clear of hard-hitting truthful films.
Large studies are stronger than small studies.
Most large studies recommend a protocol for the use of misoprostol in combination with mifepristone.
Many large subjects have their own specialized encyclopedias.
Most large submarines are war vessels .
Most large submarines are war vessels.
Large subunit catalyzes peptide bond formation.
Large subunit has a zinc finger domain.
Large sucker minnows on a jig or spinnerbait are popular for working weedlines.
Large suckers are the preferred planting material.
Large suites are available for smaller meetings.
Large sunflowers take a long time to dry, even in silica.
Large sunspots are complex, magnetically driven, cooler areas on the surface of the sun.
Large supermarket is a five minute walk away.
Large supermarkets are easily accessible off campus.
Large supermarkets are located in big cities.
Large supermarkets are located in cities.
Large supermarkets are located in inner cities.
Large supermarkets are located in shopping centers.
Large supermarkets are located in shopping malls.
Large supermarkets are located in strip malls.
Large supermarkets are located in suburbs.
Large supermarkets are used for better prices.
Large supermarkets are used for shopping.
Large supermarkets have the ability to import and distribute American food items.
Large surf impacts the North and West shores.
Large surf makes it dangerous, and there are rip currents.
Large surface areas absorb energy.
Large surface areas take places.
All large surfaces have a slight ribbing to add strength at joining edges.
Some large surfaces cause damage.
Some large surfaces cause serious damage.
Large surpluses are bad.
Large surpluses make it too easy to increase government spending and mean tax rates are too high.
Large Surpluses Make Tax Cuts Affordable.
Large swamp surrounds several man-made ponds.
Large swans are also excellent.
Large swathes appear to do nothing.
Large swells come in and close out on the shore.
All large swordfish are females.
Large symbols represent means for each species, with standard deviations.
Large symbols tend to clutter requiring map generation to solve the problem.
Large system supports a variety of shark and fish life with good success.
Large systems are so complex that a failure in one component can be almost impossible to locate.
Large systems are the types that require maximum protection.
Large systems can negotiate better deals on equipment and supplies because they buy in bulk.
Large systems change initiatives in organizations with knowledge workers.
Large systems offer nurses geographic mobility as well.
Large systems require several levels of packaging.
Many large systems have several modules.
Large T is a DNA binding protein that oligomerizes using a zinc finger.
Large T is a protein with multiple functions.
Large table lists all entries on the maps.
Large table lists all entries shown on maps.
Large tables are available for group study.
Large tables are available for use while viewing maps.
Large tables are to be avoided.
Large tables consume a lot of a Web page editor's memory.
Large tadpoles do occasionally consume smaller tadpoles.
Large tag accommodates a business card, small tag includes identification card.
Large tan suede hunting quiver.
Large tanks fill with clean fluid.
Large tanks fill with fluid.
Most large tanks fill with clean fluid.
Most large tanks fill with fluid.
Some large tanks fill with water.
Large tankers operate under stricter weather conditions.
Large targets allow the operator to activate the touch screen without much effort or concentration.
Large tasks can quickly overwhelm the child.
Large tattoos can take several sessions, costing upwards of five thousand dollars.
Large team covers eight sports.
Large teams are harder to organize and increase the risk of people dropping out.
Large teams have three or more.
Large teams require a mix of male and female adult leaders.
Large teams tend to decrease productivity, accountability and participation.
Any large team develops methods for performing certain actions.
Large tears involve the infraspinatus and compromise external rotation.
Large telescopes are also valuable for their ability to measure fine detail.
Large telescopes can detect a dark lane crossing the center.
Large telescopes can look at things way out in space.
Large telescopes can show some nebulosity.
Large telescopes produce diffraction.
Large telescopes reveal a wealth of detail.
Large telescopes show details.
Large telescopes used for astronomy have sidereal drives.
All large telescopes are reflectors.
Most large telescopes produce diffraction.
Most large telescopes show details.
Large temperature drops on cold winter nights create turbulence in the atmosphere.
Large tents are available for communal use.
Large tents are available for outdoor events, meetings or weddings.
Large terraces overlook the sea.
Large terraces surround each cottages, with private dining and lounge areas.
Large terraces surround each villa, giving an abundance of dining and lounging space.
Large terraces surround each villa, giving an abundance of dining space and lounging area.
Large text is automatically anti-aliased relative to the background to smooth out jagged lines.
Large text is brief, naming the species and the term used for the young.
Most large texts tend to be inconsistent.
Large theaters have more than one ticket price.
Large thrombi can be occlusive and can cause unstable angina or myocardial infarction.
Some large thunderstorms give birth to tornadoes.
Large tides occur along the rim of the Pacific.
Large tiles are easy to handle, and progressively more sophisticated color themes can be explored.
Large tiles go on the building quickly and easily, thereby reducing installation time and fees.
Large tiles pave the extension and central sanctuary .
Large tiles require back buttering.
Large tomatoes require five gallons, and seven is better.
Large tonsils can lead to some difficulty swallowing with food getting stuck in throat.
Large tools have to be depreciated .
Large teeth enable the seals to catch their prey which is then swallowed whole.
Large teeth line the edge of the of the dark green leathery leaflets.
Large teeth line the edge of the often bluish green leaflets.
Large top makes it easy to fill with pepper.
Large tornado begins to take shape.
Large tornadoes can also be strong and small tornadoes can be weak.
Large tornadoes can be weak and small ones can be violent.
Large tornadoes can be weak and small tornadoes can be strong.
Large tornadoes can be weak, and small tornadoes can be violent.
Large tortoises are among the longest-lived animals on the planet.
Large tortoises are tortoises.
Large tortoises have large home ranges and small tortoises have small home ranges.
Large tortoises live for years.
Most large tortoises live for years.
Large tours require advanced reservations.
Large towers are often guilty here.
Every large town has a job centre.
Every large town has at least a couple of chocolate shops.
Most large towns have a hospital or good government clinics and pharmacies.
Most large towns have cinemas showing English-language films.
Large tracts are on the market in Vermont, New Hampshire, and New York, as well.
Large tractor pull.
Large tractors harvest hay in the summer.
Large trailers can sign up for serviced sites with water and electrical hookups.
Large transfers can take several minutes, adding long waits and cutting into user productivity.
Large transformers ensure high power efficiency and low current leakage.
Large transformers tend to cause a bit of hum.
Large trawlers are able to land and market their catch.
Large trays filled with coarse marble chips work nicely.
Large tree is mediocre throughout winter months.
Large tree is vigorous, hardy, very productive and an early bearer.
Large trees appear to be selectively cut, leaving all others to grow to maturity.
Large trees are also a part of our French Canadian heritage.
Large trees are also evident in front of the building.
Large trees are an extremely valuable asset to both the individual property owner and the community.
Large trees are considered an important component of stands for western tanager.
Large trees are hard to cover.
Large trees are healthy and maintained and have no dead limbs.
Large trees are important habitat components.
Large trees are impossible for a homeowner to treat.
Large trees are impressive in the spring when young leaves first emerge as a bright yellow-green.
Large trees are necessary for shade.
Large trees are trees.
Large trees are underplanted with bulbs.
Large trees are uprooted, building damage is considerable.
Large trees begin to sway, noticeably difficult to walk.
Large trees can be blackish and fissured at the base.
Large trees can have extensive roots.
Large trees can have roots.
Large trees can offer shade.
Large trees can tolerate higher levels of infestation.
Large trees contribute to orchard crowding.
Large trees form a green line that stretches into the complex.
Large trees grow in the valley, and wildlife habitats have been enhanced along the trail.
Large trees grow on sites.
Large trees growing on or adjacent to the parapet, however, can uproot and damage the earthwork.
Large trees have a strong, very vigorous growth habit.
Large trees have branches.
Large trees have break limbs.
Large trees have full branches.
Large trees have large limbs.
Large trees have limbs.
Large trees have roots.
Large trees have strong roots.
Large trees have unmanageable rootballs.
Large trees hold their full crowns in the canopy, prohibiting sunlight to plants below.
Large trees line the right side of the fairway but shouldn t come into play.
Large trees line the roads.
Large trees provide a dense shade over the falls.
Large trees provide food sources.
Large trees provide oxygen.
Large trees provide patches of shady cover.
Large trees provide primary food sources.
Large trees provide primary sources.
Large trees provide sources.
Large trees provide welcome shade on a hot day.
Large trees reach height.
Large trees remain large trees.
Large trees remain trees.
Large trees shade the porches which are complete with Victorian rockers and porch swings.
Large trees shade the porches, complete with Victorian rockers and swings.
Large trees shade the porches, which are complete with Victorian rockers and porch swings.
Large trees start to lean, then teeter, then crash through the canopies of their neighbors.
Large trees surround the house, including lindens, white oak, white spruce, apple and sugar maple.
Large trees surround the villas.
Large trees tolerate some feeding injury without harm.
Most large trees can have extensive roots.
Most large trees can have roots.
Most large trees grow on sites.
Most large trees have branches.
Most large trees have full branches.
Most large trees have large limbs.
Most large trees have limbs.
Most large trees have roots.
Most large trees have strong roots.
Most large trees provide food sources.
Most large trees provide oxygen.
Most large trees provide primary food sources.
Most large trees provide primary sources.
Most large trees provide sources.
Most large trees reach height.
Most large trees remain large trees.
Most large trees remain trees.
Some large trees contain water.
Some large trees harbor prey.
Some large trees have low tolerance.
Some large trees have tolerance.
Some large trees produce nectar.
Large trilobites have backs.
Most large trilobites have backs.
Large trout can eat large prey.
Large trout feed almost exclusively on other fish such as mullet, pinfish, pigfish and menhaden.
Large trout feeding on emergers usually just create a bulge.
Large trout love koura and so do shags.
Large trout make home in long riffles, classic pocket water, deep holes, and undercut banks.
Large trouts have different food habits.
Large trouts have food habits.
Large trouts have habits.
Most large trouts have different food habits.
Most large trouts have food habits.
Most large trouts have habits.
Some large trout seem to stage here before or after spawning.
Large trucks are already major contributors to highway gridlock.
Large trucks are more likely to be involved in fatal, multiple vehicle crashes.
Large trucks are responsible for thousands of motorist fatalities.
Large trucks arrive at the warehouse to deliver the inventory.
Large trucks come to the schools all year long.
Large trucks line the bumpy track alongside the fields.
Large trucks require more stopping distances than other vehicles.
Large trucks require much longer distances than cars to stop.
Large trucks tend to block visibility.
Large trucks tie up the intersections and put our school children at risk.
Large trucks transfer municipal solid wastes from all parts of the county to the landfill.
Large trucks using that right turn lane tend to restrict sight distances even more.
Large trumpetfish hang out everywhere.
Large trunks have much elastic tissue in their walls.
Large tsunamis can cause damage when they hit locations along the sea coast.
Large tubs are perfect for chilling drinks.
Large tubes are also available from carpeting stares.
Large tubes are also available from carpeting stores.
Large tubes are common fossils in the deposit.
Large tubes are hard to find except along the road near construction sights.
Large tubes have a deeper sound but take more air.
Large tubers have more leaf buds than small tubers and, therefore, make larger and better displays.
Large tubers have more leaf buds than smaller tubers and, therefore, make a larger foliage display.
Large tubers reduce choking and permit extended grazing days.
Large tug can process on board, live on board, produce ice, expanding range of fleet.
Large tumors can also cause blockage of spinal fluid, which can result in hydrocephalus .
Large tumors can cause pain and frequent menstrual bleeding.
Large tumors can present significant problems for surgical resection.
Large tumors have significant metabolic demands that consume nutrients.
Large tumors interfere with both breathing and eating.
Large tumors pose a higher risk than small tumors.
Some large tumors cause deficiencies.
Large turbines are usually more efficient as well.
Large turbines generate power.
Large turbines have output.
Large turbines have power output.
Large turbines turn shafts.
Most large turbines generate power.
Most large turbines have output.
Most large turbines have power output.
Most large turbines turn shafts.
Large turkeys are usually a better buy because the flesh to bone proportions are better.
Large turtles are also a common sight, paddling lazily along the reef slope.
Large turtles are also common.
Large tusks are present in both sexes.
Large type appears as borders at the top and bottom of the page.
Large type is easier to read.
Large type makes Black happy.
Large Umbrellas are also good.
Large uncertainties exist, particularly in the aerosol forcing.
Large undersea earthquakes cause tsunamis.
Large unit has two wheels and handle.
Large units accompany many drops.
Large units feature classic styling, great sun, common laundry, and rental parking.
Large units have jacuzzis, pool tables.
Large universities are also more likely to devote the necessary financial resources to web design.
Many large Universities have medical and genetic departments.
Many large universities have on-line catalog systems.
Many large universities have technology transfer units.
Most large universities have extensive libraries.
Large uroliths have to be removed surgically.
Large use is to be made of the argument from experience.
Large users bypass the local network to avoid access charges.
Large users call for special rates.
Large users can agree to cutbacks, in return for credits.
Large users tend to be green lawn aficionados and swimming pool owners.
Many large utilities are both gas and electric distributors.
Many large utilities use nothing else.
Large vacuoles collect and expel excess water.
Some large vacuoles contain water.
Large valleys occupy the southernmost region of the North American deserts.
Large values are expensive.
Large values are in one area in the upper right, smaller values in other areas.
Large values correspond to points which have a big influence on the fitted model.
Large values extend and soften the blur of the shadow.
Large values indicate a bad fit.
Large values indicate substrate bonds weakly to enzyme.
Large values indicate that TCs are less predictable.
Large values resist rolling forces.
Large variability relates to differences.
Most large variability relates to differences.
Large variations are possible due to vegetation.
Large variations do occur in fatty acid composition.
Large variations exist across different fields.
Large varieties are ideal for greenhouses.
Large varieties are very fast growing and can put on several feet in a single growing season.
Large varieties make lovely shade trees as they blossom with colorful flowers in the spring.
Large vehicles perform better than small vehicles.
Large veins collect blood.
Large veins deliver blood.
Most large veins collect blood.
Most large veins deliver blood.
Some large vendors say home networking is still far from mainstream.
Large venules containing abundant red blood cells are present in the medulla.
Large verandahs are steps from the beach.
Large verdicts can breed large settlements.
Large versions are amongst the best snares or heavy game.
Large vertebrates garner the greatest public interest and sentiment.
Large vertebrates have skeletons.
Most large vertebrates have skeletons.
Some large vesicles are present.
Large vessels are a problem.
Large vessels carry blood.
Large vessels pump blood.
Most large vessels carry blood.
Most large vessels pump blood.
Some large vessels are near surfaces.
Some large vessels carry gasoline.
Some large vessels pass through canals.
Large vestibule adds room for wet boots and damp dogs.
Large vestibules create entry space for storage.
Large vigils require careful organization and planning.
Large villages create benefits but also create problems.
Large vine generates abundant amounts of squash.
Large vines grow best in cages to protect fruit from sunscald.
Large vines offer good foliage cover.
Large vocabularies help express ideas more accurately and efficiently.
Large volume bow with really small stern.
Large volume catered events are eligible for certain discounts.
Large volume is much lower.
Large volume is our specialty.
Large volumes are available.
Large volumes cause kidney damage and can be fatal.
Large volumes distend the stomach and provoke vomiting.
Large wade birds belong to families.
Large walls provide space for cabinets containing large-screen televisions and stereos.
Large warehouses are no longer necessary to store titles.
Large warts are worrisome because they can have cancer in their bases.
Large washers help to stiffen the joint.
Large watersheds cross many political boundaries, complicating intergovernmental coordination.
Large waves are caused by displacement.
Large waves are caused by earthquakes.
Large waves are located in oceans.
Large waves begin to form.
Large waves break onshore, which makes for good surfing.
Large waves can catch visitors unaware as they are standing on the shore.
Large waves can severely damage aircraft upon impact.
Large waves crashing onto rocks and cliffs can remove and disperse oil naturally.
Large waves generate plumes of spray and thunderous explosions as they surge into the sea caves.
Large waves leave towards the back.
Large waves start.
Most large waves are caused by displacement.
Most large waves are caused by earthquakes.
Some large waves are caused by storms.
Some large waves are produced by earthquakes.
Some large websites have multiple URLs that access the same site.
Large weeds are difficult to destroy.
Large weeds are difficult to remove without uprooting vegetable plants.
Large weeds are more difficult .
Large weeds are more difficult.
Large weeds can keep the planter from operating at the proper depth.
Large weights can hurt generalization in two different ways.
Large wells hold tools and parts.
Large whales are also vulnerable to collisions with ships.
Large whales are whales.
Many large whales bear deep scars from the tentacles of big octopuses.
Most large whales do, but the pattern varies among species.
Some large whales eat seals.
Large wheels are slower to accelerate but have greater high-end speed.
Large wheels carry the load easily and smoothly.
Large wheels lift the cart higher off the floor, resulting in less back strain.
Large wheels make for easy trips to the street curb.
Large Wheels make it easy to maneuver, even when full.
Large wheels roll easily over rough floors, cracks, loose parts, tools and floor grates.
Large wheels roll effortlessly over rough terrain and sand.
Large whelks have a more more calories per gram of meat.
Large whelks take less energy to crack, so the net energy gain is higher.
Large whistle has two cars that race.
Large white flowers bloom in late springs.
Large white flowers bloom in springs.
Large width allows plans to remain spread out on the building surface for quick and easy reference.
Large wild herbivores can have impact.
Large wild herbivores can have major impact.
Large wildfires can modify local weather conditions.
Some large wildfires destroy communities.
Large windbreaks surrounding farmsteads become an island in the open spaces of the prairie.
Large window faces the water front.
Large window provides easy access to keypad.
Large windows admit it, whitewash walls reflect it, all to better see their work and treasures.
Large windows afford views of the surrounding grounds.
Large windows allow a panoramic view of the surroundings.
Large windows allow beautiful views from all sides.
Large windows allow for ample natural light while the decor is reminiscent of Swiss heritage.
Large windows allow for public viewing.
Large windows allow patrons to look out upon the resort s waterfalls, palm trees and wildlife area.
Large windows allow plenty of natural light and a view of the river and mountains.
Large windows allow the bright daylight to enter the room.
Large windows allow the warming California sun entry to brighten up the rooms.
Large windows allow visitors to see the mountain scenery and sunshine.
Large windows are club class.
Large windows are located in churchs.
Large windows bring natural light into offices and corridors.
Large windows bring that natual beauty into public spaces and patient rooms.
Large windows bring the views inside.
Large windows capture the ever-changing shoreline, views and sounds of the sea.
Large windows climb the walls on either end adding light to the spacious interior.
Large windows display the natural beauty of the river.
Large windows enhance the room.
Large windows face a mountain range or river view.
Large windows face south-east to tree tops and a sky view.
Large windows face the mountains.
Large windows face the waterfront.
Large windows face the West for the warm afternoon sun and delightful sunsets.
Large windows facing the forest keep visitors in permanent contact with the forest.
Large windows flank the room, making it very pretty at sunset.
Large windows flood the rooms with light and quiet views that stimulate inspiration and reflection.
Large windows frame a panoramic view of the rolling hillside down to the treelined stream below.
Large windows frame the mountains.
Large windows give all round views of the passing scenery.
Large windows give fantastic water views.
Large windows give great visibility.
Large windows give the place an airy atmosphere.
Large windows including window beds offer great views of the river.
Large windows introduce vistas of the neighboring landscape.
Large windows keep the rooms well lit during the day.
Large windows let in studio quality north light.
Large windows line the exterior walls.
Large windows look out on mountains, pond and meadow.
Large windows look out on pond, meadow and mountains.
Large windows look out onto peaceful mountain views.
Large windows look out onto the palm tree-studded golf course, which opened late last year.
Large windows look out to the vineyards and rolling hillsides.
Large windows make it easy to see the moldboard and tires, as well as behind the machine.
Large windows offer a great view during meals.
Large windows offer a view of woods and the brook.
Large windows offer excellent natural daylight.
Large windows offer light and forest views.
Large windows offer lovely panoramic views along the shoreline of the Lake.
Large windows offer panoramic tree-top views of the forest and lake.
Large windows open onto the water from either side and offer stunning views of the sound.
Large windows overlook a pine log wrap-around deck with gas barbecue.
Large windows overlook acres of vineyards, forests and ponds.
Large windows overlook an exercise yard lined with razor wire.
Large windows overlook courtyard and benefit from summer sun.
Large windows overlook the back yard.
Large windows overlook the bridge and water view.
Large windows overlook the expansive lawn and woods behind the property.
Large windows overlook the fields behind the school, where a new track is being created.
Large windows overlook the garden and allow distant views.
Large windows overlook the lake and pines.
Large windows overlook the lake.
Large windows overlook the lower corridor beside the fitness center.
Large windows overlook the outside garden dining.
Large windows overlook the pond.
Large windows overlook the pool and sliding patio doors lead onto the lanai.
Large windows overlook the Warren River.
Large windows overlooking the lake provides views from every room.
Large windows promote healing in a daylit environment when appropriate.
Large windows provide a great setting for viewing wildlife.
Large windows provide a view that spans miles and miles.
Large windows provide ample natural light and an unobstructed view of the forest around.
Large windows provide ample visual access to the beauty of the campus.
Large windows provide an abundance of light.
Large windows provide great viewing on all sides with easy access to the deck.
Large windows provide natural light, if desired.
Large windows provide observation visibility while maintaining patient privacy.
Large windows provide panoramic viewing from inside the salon and pilot house.
Large windows provide panoramic views of much of the vineyard.
Large windows provide panoramic views of our peaceful mountain setting.
Large windows provide plenty of air and sunlight.
Large windows provide sweeping views of Lake Superior and the surrounding woods.
Large windows provide welcoming views of the ski trails from the living room and kitchen.
Large windows show a beautiful view of the park or Bangkok's skyline.
Large windows take advantage of terrific outlook.
Large windows take up much of the facade and are set back from the face of the stone or brick.
Many large windows create an airy interior.
Many large windows make all the rooms airy and bright.
Large wineries fill their empty barrels with sulfur dioxide gas from high pressure cylinders.
Large wineries pass the bottles through a heat tunnel to shrink the capsules in place.
Large wineries purchase sulfur dioxide gas in high pressure cylinders.
Large wineries remove the acetic acid by using a special reverse osmosis process.
Large wingspans are needed for efficient soaring.
Many large women lead an inactive lifestyle.
Large wood plays an important habitat role in streams by creating pools and gravel areas.
All large work is done to order - please see the gallery and price guide for further information.
Large workers have relatively wide heads.
Large workshop is a hobbyist's dream.
Large worlds can include sign posts or other familiar mechanisms to guide the user around.
Large worms leave the ears to pupate in the soil and change into adult moths.
Large wounds form permanent scars on the surface.
Large Writing indicates the person likes being noticed, stands out in a crowd.
Large yagis are best center mounted rather than end mounted.
Large yard is shaded and home is located on a dead in street.
Large yard offers privacy with mature plantings.
Large yards use larger open air designs without covers.
Large yellow flowers bloom in late summer.
Large yellow flowers bloom in summer.
Large yews are monoecious, but have male-biased strobilus ratios.
Large yields are common from wells completed in aquifers composed of glacial outwash.
Large yoke provides total fletching clearance.
Large youth are just as entitled to good treatment as thin youth.
Large zoos are more preferred than small zoos, because they contain more space.
Many large zoos have tropical rainforest exhibits.
Large zoospores produce normal-sized plants that bear eggs and smaller androspores.
Large zucchini tends to be dried out and mealy.
A large is size
Larges are usually right around an inch in length.
Largemouth bass consumes food.
Largemouth bass eat crayfish and frogs, insects and small fishes.
Largemouth bass enter river from lake in late summer.
Largemouth bass grow bigger on the Cape due to the longer warmwater season and better forage.
Largemouth bass has mouths.
Largemouth bass is bass
Largemouth bass is fish.
Largemouth bass is Florida's premier freshwater sportfish.
Largemouth bass is part of largemouths.
Largemouth bass is the most sought after fish in the lake.
Largemouth bass lives in shallow water.
Largemouth bass lives in water.
Largemouth bass produce thousands of eggs and the survival of the early stages is extremely low.
Largemouth bass try jerk baits and rattletraps on the rocky points.
Largemouth bass weighs pounds.
Most largemouth bass has mouths.
Most largemouth bass is part of largemouths.
Some largemouth bass eats fish.
Some largemouth bass has capacity.
Some largemouth bass has fins.
Some largemouth bass has overall capacity.
Some largemouth bass has teeth.
Some largemouth bass makes prey.
Largemouth fishing is slow and there is very little activity.
Largemouth fishing is spotty at best in both lakes.
Largemouth fishing is typically slow in the winter but it's a good time to catch a big fish.
Largemouth fishing remains extremely slow.
A largemouth is black bass
Largemouth isa fish.
Largemouths are also active inside the bay.
Largemouths are black bass.
Largemouths are tolerant of warm water and do best in sallow, weedy lakes and backwaters of rivers.
Largemouths can also see objects that are above the surface of the water.
Largemouths eat fish.
Largemouths have (part) brains.
Largemouths have (part) breasts.
Largemouths have (part) cell membranes.
Largemouths have (part) chest cavities.
Largemouths have (part) chests.
Largemouths have (part) corpi.
Largemouths have (part) cytoplasm.
Largemouths have (part) ears.
Largemouths have (part) faces.
Largemouths have (part) fish scales.
Largemouths have (part) fishbones.
Largemouths have (part) flippers.
Largemouths have (part) heads.
Largemouths have (part) largemouth bass.
Largemouths have (part) nuclei.
Largemouths have (part) pedal extremities.
Largemouths have (part) plasma membranes.
Largemouths have (part) rib cages.
Largemouths have (part) sections.
Largemouths have (part) skulls.
Largemouths have (part) sperm.
Largemouths have (part) sterna.
Largemouths have (part) sunfishes.
Largemouths have (part) tail fins.
Largemouths have (part) vacuoles.
Largemouths have (part) vertebrate feet.
Largemouths have (part) yolks.
Largemouths have an interesting diet.
Largemouths have mouths.
Largemouths take to the shallows for the spawning period.
Largemouths thrive best in warm, shallow, well-vegetated areas of ponds and sluggish streams.
Most largemouths eat fish.
Most largemouths have mouths.
Larger accommodations are in such short supply that development continues despite restrictions.
Larger accounts pay less.
Many larger accounts canvas the area hotels at trade-shows and conventions.
Larger acreages require more sophisticated equipment and additional labor.
Larger ads are also available.
Larger ads are available for an additional charge.
Larger ads are available for an additional price - please ask for pricing.
Larger ads are available for nominal fees, and are worth looking into.
Larger ads are available.
Larger ads get more attention, of course, and cost little.
Larger ads get premium placement based on the signed order date.
Larger addition leads to hard ink film and good alcohol resistance.
Larger adults can take capybara.
Larger adults feed mainly on fish such as minnows and sculpins.
Larger advertisements are more likely to be seen and generate a response.
Larger agencies can designate the evaluations to their subordinates and subordinate commands.
Larger agencies have more people filing and retrieving records.
Larger agencies tend to have more formalized processes.
Larger agencies tend to specialize in one area, such as surveillance.
Larger agencies use the Internet for official business more than smaller agencies.
Some larger agencies run structured training schemes with placements in different departments.
Larger aggregates create more pores for water and air to flow.
Larger aircraft achieve stability through aerodynamics.
Larger aircraft are also available upon request.
Larger aircraft are available.
Larger airfields are usually in controlled zones.
Most larger airlines do their own repair work, but the commuter-class aircraft.
Larger airports tend to get the bulk of their funding from bonds and PFCs.
Larger albatrosses build large nests on the ground.
Larger alkanes have two or more carbon atoms connected or bonded together.
Larger allocations are also possible.
Larger amounts are acceptable in even dollar increments.
Larger amounts are available through other programs.
Larger amounts attract more buyers.
Larger amounts can be special ordered.
Larger amounts can be toxic, especially over a prolonged time.
Larger amounts can cause above normal heart rythems, nervous system malfunctions, and even death.
Larger amounts can cause instrument problems.
Larger amounts can harm people.
Larger amounts can increase the risk of kidney stones.
Larger amounts can induce vomiting.
Larger amounts can.
Larger amounts carry longer sentences, ending with a possible life sentence.
Larger amounts make the urine dark red or dark brown.
Larger amounts produce depressant effects on the brain.
Larger amounts require a tank filter to capture the suspended materials.
Larger amounts require professional assistance.
Larger amounts tend to crystallize in the reservoir.
Much larger amounts are used, for example, to make metal alloys.
Larger amplitude waves equals higher magnitude earthquake equals greater severity.
Larger angles produce a smaller view of the scene.
Larger animals are available at the zoo sites.
Larger animals are noticeably paler above.
Larger animals are usually able to run fast enough to escape the fire.
Larger animals can also present a safety hazard to traffic.
Larger animals can better withstand colder temperatures.
Larger animals can carry proportionally larger boxes.
Larger animals can make spectacular entrances - deer, wild boar, badger at night.
Larger animals depend on the waters for various reasons.
Larger animals dominate in competition for food, mating partners, and nesting space.
Larger animals eat the fish and shellfish.
Larger animals generate more heat per unit of their body's surface area.
Larger animals go into the bathtub, and in fine weather some dogs get an old-fashioned hose bath.
Larger animals have a lower metabolic rate.
Larger animals have organs for breathing.
Larger animals live here too, such as bobcats, coyotes, and mule deer.
Larger animals live in the cooler, higher elevations.
Larger animals live on the forest floor.
Larger animals make up the highest percentage of biomass .
Larger animals prey on fish, snakes, waterbirds, turtles, and small mammals.
Larger animals provide a mechanism for complete removal of some pollutants.
Larger animals remain on top while smaller sizes fall to the layer below.
Larger animals require an extended surface for gas exchange.
Larger antennas are always available as an option, for use in weaker signal areas.
Larger antennas have higher gain, hence greater sensitivity.
Larger antennas have narrower beams.
Larger apartments are also available.
Larger apartments contain a kitchen table and chairs and living room furnishings.
Larger apartments have a fireplace, balcony and ensuite bathroom.
Larger apartments have an additional bedroom with two double bunks.
Some larger apartments contain more than one bedroom with multiple beds.
Larger aperture helps.
Larger aperture means more light gathering ability, more objects visible, and higher resolution.
Larger apertures allow more light to enter a camera , hence darker scene s can be recorded.
Larger apertures allow the telescope to collect more light and see fainter objects.
Larger apertures make fainter objects visible and smaller details distinguishable.
Larger apertures permit higher beam current but reduce chamber pressure.
Larger apertures reach fainter magnitudes but have narrower fields of view.
Larger apertures reveals the very blue colour, but no structure - even using an O III filter.
Larger appetites can always add one of nine desserts.
Larger apples have a shorter storage life than small ones, use the large ones first.
Larger applications can combine multiple systems for potentially unlimited coverage.
Larger applications can reduce the problem by breaking packages up into smaller subsystems.
Larger aquaria are subject to less fluctuation of temperature and water quality.
Larger area means less force per unit area.
Larger areas add little benefit.
Larger areas are acceptable.
Larger areas are available by booking adjacent spaces.
Larger areas are available on request.
Larger areas are easier to treat with liquids.
Larger areas consisting of abandoned pits or large saltwater scars take longer.
Larger areas experience less colony immigration from untreated adjacent properties.
Larger areas means larger flux.
Larger areas represent faster graphics.
Larger areas require a heavy steel drag mat, soil blade, plank drag, or tiller.
Larger areas support greater species richness.
Larger areas tend to have smaller errors as compared to smaller areas.
Larger areas use a central point arrangement.
Larger arguments serve as a repeat count.
Larger arguments serve as repeat counts.
Larger arrays are also in demand for long-range imaging systems, such as targeting systems.
Larger arthropods are less abundant at higher altitudes.
Larger artifacts are left in place until entirely uncovered, photographed and mapped.
Larger artworks cost more than smaller ones.
Larger assignments seem impossible for ADD persons.
Larger atoms have higher electronegativity.
Larger attractor flies in bright colors seem to work well when the leaves are thick.
Larger avulsions do better with surgical pinning.
Larger babies are able to gradually take larger amounts at each feeding.
Larger bags have a window that is designed to eliminate product pressure on opening seals.
Larger bags have our unique double shoulder strap system for backpack carrying.
Larger balances earn higher rates.
Larger balances earn higher yields.
Larger balances provide funds for emergencies.
Larger balls are harder to move and can move other balls more easily.
Larger bandwidth means more data can be transmitted at one time.
Larger banks can utilize their extensive networks of retail branches to distribute their funds.
Larger banks have the wherewithal to weather one or two suits.
Most larger banks are hard at work.
Larger banners distract the readers and slow loading time.
Larger bars have floaters who are usually paid hourly to pick up glassware.
Larger bars require more cooling time.
Larger barrels have larger optics and are easier to look through.
Larger baselines yield larger parallax angles, reducing the uncertainty of the computed distance.
Larger baskets are available, including more fruit and gourmet items.
Larger bass feed on larger prey, and so on, up the food chain.
Larger bathrooms feature functional, elegant fixtures from Germany.
Larger batteries take up more space and weigh more.
Larger beaches are within walking distance.
Larger beads hang in front.
Larger beads represent lumps found by women who occasionally examine their breasts.
Larger beads work well as accents.
Larger beds come with floor in sections to reduce shipping size.
Larger bedroom has fireplace, queen bed, room for one crib.
Larger berries have more seeds, up to a maximum of four.
Larger bets are necessary to get the same level of excitement.
Larger bevels allow the ski to ride deeper in the water.
Larger birds are less likely to scare away small songbirds if there is room for all.
Larger birds can outlive their owners.
Larger birds cost much more to purchase and maintain.
Larger birds have slightly lower metabolisms and pass food a little more slowly.
Larger birds have strong, sharp beaks.
Larger birds like to manipulate thicker toy pieces with their beaks, tongues and feet.
Larger birds like to manipulate toys with their beak, tongue, and feet.
Larger birds monopolize the food source leaving others to fend for themselves.
Larger birds require larger budgets.
Larger birds require more time to prefect flying techniques.
Larger bits appear initially as a bright meteor .
Larger blades transmit more power to the water through increased resistance to blade movement.
Larger blobs indicate larger active regions.
Larger blocks allow better compression and larger total file size.
Larger blocks do require significantly longer infiltration times than small ones.
Larger blocks require fewer tag bits to be stored.
Larger blurs smooth out the texture in the long run.
Larger boards are also available.
Larger boats accommodate more people and are only slightly more expensive.
Larger boats are also available.
Larger boats are available if required and can be crewed to suit the requirements of the journey.
Larger boats are available upon request.
Larger boats are slower but less 'twitchy'.
Larger boats are usually more expensive to operate but do offer comfort and personal facilities.
Larger boats can launch in Ocean City.
Larger boats handle rough water better than smaller boats.
Larger boats have a fixed keel in place of the centerboard.
Larger boats have substantially different costs.
Larger boats operated by tour companies can make the trip in about one hour.
Larger boats require at least exterior plywood.
Many larger boats are for custom design and building by more experienced yards.
Larger bodies can also have charge, either negative or positive.
Larger bodies cost more energy to maintain and to move around than smaller bodies.
Larger boilers have more steam capacity and much less down or recoupe time.
Larger bolides entering the atmosphere occur less frequently, but they do occur nevertheless.
Larger bonsai go out in telescoped cartons.
Larger books are cheaper if judged by cost per page.
Larger books are identical in design as the smaller books.
Larger books contain two or three times that number.
Larger books have the number of pages quoted alongside the 'condition' to give an idea of size.
Most larger bookstores have the work as well as Christian bookstores.
Many larger booths have a quiet area where serious discussions are held with buyers.
Larger borers tunnel into the midribs of leaves and eventually into the stalk.
Larger bottles are available, but usually only black and white in most retail outlets.
Larger bows adorn the backs of gowns.
Larger box accommodates wooden puzzle pieces with the six costumes plus the twelve faces.
Larger boxes are available with the Premium Account.
Larger boxes can pasteurize more water, smaller less.
Larger boxes make great club houses, a post office, or a tunnel.
Larger brackets enhance any mantel.
Larger brakes improve stopping power.
Larger branches can go directly into a brush pile, providing quality wildlife cover.
Larger branches die as the decline progresses.
Larger branches resemble small stems.
Larger breaks heal more slowly as the tree grows a layer of tissue across the wound.
Larger breasts are more vulnerable, of course, because they are heavier.
Larger breasts have a higher proportion of fatty tissue, compared to glandular tissue.
Larger breasts mean more milk and healthier babies.
Larger breeds require thick, sturdy bars, as they can quickly bend and ruin thin bars.
Larger breeds tend to age quicker than smaller breeds.
Larger breeds tend to have bigger litters, and vice versa.
Larger bricks are also available to recognize a specific team, crew or season.
Larger bubbles are more buoyant than smaller bubbles, and continue to move upwards.
Larger bubbles ring at lower frequencies and smaller bubbles ring at higher frequencies.
Larger buds turn brown and fail to open.
Larger budgets buy better, more experienced and more popular talent.
Larger buffers are better.
Larger buildings are difficult to site without creating barriers to campus circulation.
Larger buildings are more.
Larger buildings can use anaerobic digesters producing fertiliser.
Larger buildings can use several DFHPs in combination.
Larger buildings pop up along the way.
Larger bulbs are more likely to be tough and woody.
Larger bulbs are more likely to produce stronger stems and more blooms.
Larger bulbs have a better chance of having larger eyes.
Larger bulbs mean more and bigger blooms.
Larger bulbs produce bigger flowers that last longer.
Larger bulbs produce larger blooms.
Larger bulbs produce more flowers.
Larger bulbs produce more leaves.
Larger bulbs produce taller plants.
Larger bulbs provide larger blooms.
Larger bulbs tend to produce larger and more pleasing blooms.
Larger bulbs tend to produce more flowers, but only if normal for that variety.
Larger bulbs tend to produce more flowers, if characteristic for that variety.
Larger bulbs work better than the small ones.
Larger bulks harden faster.
Larger bumps feel like minor imperfections in the road.
Larger bumps filled with pus are abscesses.
Larger burns require more attention.
Larger burners heat water faster.
Larger buses are available for charter by non-profit community service organizations.
Larger businesses are eager to invest in our community.
Larger businesses are more savvy.
Larger businesses are no different.
Larger businesses are responsible for most Internet activity.
Larger businesses are welcome too.
Larger businesses can easily amalgamate with multinationals.
Larger businesses can invest more in protection of their systems, and have more to lose.
Larger businesses can invest more in the protection of their systems, and have more to lose.
Larger businesses intend to stick around.
Larger businesses pay more to be in the chamber than smaller businesses.
Larger businesses require teamwork and coordination.
Larger businesses sell recyclable materials directly to junk shops and brokers.
Larger businesses strive to maintain position and market share by staying ahead of the competition.
Larger businesses tend to offer more benefits.
Larger businesses upgrade equipment more often than schools, and they often have donation programs.
Larger businesses use the Web for research, product information, and news, in that order.
Many larger businesses consolidate picking up business and workers from firms that failed.
Larger bust needs wider, closer-fitting band to support weight of bust.
Larger butterflies are larger and have better eyes.
Larger buttons can make it easier for all users to select links on the page.
Larger buys can get discounts.
Larger cabins have microwaves.
Larger cabinet is easier to work from.
Larger cabinets are available.
Larger cables can damage the connectors.
Larger caches become more important.
Larger cages allow for adequate exercise and mental stimulation.
Larger caimans can take tapirs and anacondas.
Larger caimans eat fish and water snails.
Larger cakes are available on special order.
Larger campaigns are available, but space is limited to only one email ad per newsletter.
Larger cancers require composite resection with reconstruction of the defect by pedicle flaps.
Larger canyons can often focus substantial rainfall runoff into palm oases.
Larger capacitors can store more energy and take more time to charge and discharge.
Larger capacities are available in a larger package size.
Larger cars are very much underrepresented and so are sports cars and MPVs.
Larger cards are available.
Larger cards do get slower as they fill up due to overhead in the directory probably.
Some larger cards require a little extra time and battery power for proper detection and sizing.
Larger carrots are good for canning or storage.
Larger carrots are often fibrous.
Larger carrots are often too fibrous and tough.
Larger case files with low reference or short life.
Larger cases have P.V.C piping material surrounding the steel tubes for additional protection.
Larger cases produce thousands of pages of documents and thousands of pages of transcripts.
Some larger castings combine smaller components into one monolithic structure.
Larger cats draw up thicker columns of liquid and so can afford to lap more slowly.
Larger catalogs have specialized hosting needs.
Larger caterpillars are harder to kill.
Larger cattle use more AUMs.
Larger cavities lead to lower formant frequencies.
Larger cells can help make data easier to read.
Larger cells have a higher capacity simple.
Larger centers are obviously costlier.
Many larger centers offer first class hospitals, and a full range of health care.
Larger centipedes can bite if they are injured, with a light swelling.
Larger chains draw very large crowds so be prepared to stand in very long lines.
Larger chains follow set procedures to deter crime.
Larger chains have a harder time establishing theses personalized relationships.
Larger chains loose the direct feedback from field operations.
Most larger chains have cards that offer even more saving than which are advertisted in the paper.
Larger chambers are also available.
Some larger chambers allow rebreathing of medication in the chamber.
Larger changes can cause geomagnetic storms and substorms.
Larger changes can take place to reflect curriculum changes.
Larger changers are really boxes with one or more tape drives installed.
Some larger chapters publish their outings in a special schedule issued every few months.
Larger characters tend to walk slower and smaller characters walk faster.
Larger checks are preferred.
Larger chicks get more food than their siblings.
Larger chicks invest more in signalling and less in non-signalling behaviours.
Larger children ride best in their own seats or a suitable storage well on the deck.
Larger chips are obviously more likely to encounter a defect than smaller devices.
Larger churches do better only in the area of offering inspiring worship services.
Larger churches do better than smaller churches only in creating more inspiring worship services.
Larger churches have gyms and exercise centers.
Larger churches pay more.
Many larger churches are open every day.
Larger circles correspond to longer expsure times.
Larger circles correspond to spheres which are closer to the viewing window.
Larger circles indicate more dominant behavior.
Larger circles represent brighter objects.
Larger circuits speed up even more dramatically.
Larger cisterns can hold hundreds or even thousands of gallons.
Larger cities control larger areas.
Larger cities have two or three industrial zones.
Larger cities host well sign posted motorways which are simple to follow.
Larger cities host well signposted motorways which are simple to follow.
Larger cities host well-signposted motorways that are simple to follow.
Larger cities provide the most advantageous price competition.
Larger cities tend to have more accidents than smaller more rural areas.
All larger cities have modern shopping centers, specialty shops, and craft stores.
Most larger cities have a community class.
Most larger cities have a local brand of meat packer that makes sausage, bologna, etc.
Most larger cities have an executive system managed by a mayor or city manager.
Most larger cities have at least a few firms that place themselves in the venture capital category.
Most larger cities have songwriters' groups that meet once or twice a month.
Most larger cities have their own ordinances and regulations.
Larger civilizations play first.
Larger clamp fits onto most tabletops and counters.
Larger classes appeal less to students with higher GPAs.
Larger classes can expand the scientist role into botanist, geologist, and zoologist.
Larger classes can provide greater availability of classes for elective purposes.
Larger classes have more than one agent, each responsible for a segment of the class.
Larger classes provide a more interactive learning climate.
Larger classrooms allow more room for play and creativity.
Larger clients have a formal review process and others have a more unstructured approach.
Larger cloves yield larger size mature bulbs at harvest.
Larger clubs can attract dealers from across the country.
Larger clubs can easily become classes and prone to developing behavior management problems.
Larger clubs have more jobs and different kinds of jobs to be done.
Larger cluster make for faster file access, but they waste disk space.
Larger clusters are simply mechanical mixtures rather than solutions.
Larger clutches are produced after the rain.
Larger coaches have restrooms.
Larger coalitions are likely to maintain tenure longer than small ones.
Larger cockroaches are fine.
Larger cockroaches have similarly longer life cycles.
Larger collections can take up to half an hour.
Larger commitments can take the form of pledges, payable for up to three years.
Larger committees are possible but can easily be unwieldy.
Larger communities tend to offer consumers more alternatives.
Many larger communities offer mediation service agencies for dispute resolution.
Many larger communities offer outdoor Shakespearean plays during the summer months.
Larger companies are able to keep information proprietary - that is secret.
Larger companies are more likely to have a greater variety of product categories and needs.
Larger companies benefit from economies of scale in both the manufacturing and service sectors.
Larger companies can afford to spend time and money on aesthetics.
Larger companies can also offer campus environments, built-in gyms, and membership to health clubs.
Larger companies can avail themselves of advertising agencies and sales promotion houses.
Larger companies can obtain special financing assistance if qualifications are met.
Larger companies can offer on-site programs, screenings, and comprehensive interventions.
Larger companies can start looking at the supply side of their manufacturing.
Larger companies can use the Internet as part of their overall product launch and promotion.
Larger companies charge more to cover the high costs of personnel and overheads.
Larger companies do more patching than smaller ones.
Larger companies do recruit students to become technical and management experts.
Larger companies do the majority of their advertising offline.
Larger companies do well to purchase early warning services.
Larger companies employ individuals who conduct training internally.
Larger companies have a cost edge over their smaller counterparts.
Larger companies have teams of researchers following market trends.
Larger companies have their own home.
Larger companies indicate a larger, more stable, clientele.
Larger companies offer more financial benefits than smaller companies.
Larger companies pay best.
Larger Companies Pay More Bigger companies pay bigger bucks.
Larger companies pay travel costs, subsidize housing expenses and provide modest salaries.
Larger companies profit from our advanced skills including system and application architecture.
Larger companies screen out poor candidates by looking for keywords.
Larger companies sell their gold to banks that deal in bullion.
Larger companies take more effort to analyze than small companies.
Larger companies tend to be based in cities.
Larger companies tend to be more diverse and offer more options.
Larger companies tend to have a few thousand contacts in their database.
Larger companies tend to have shift work.
Larger companies tend to hire most of the best and brightest because of their access to resources.
Larger companies tend to pay higher wages.
Larger companies use accounts payable paper records organized by creditor.
Larger companies use it routinely.
Larger companies use options as a competitive edge in recruiting and retaining employees.
Many larger companies employ multiple students each term.
Many larger companies fear bad publicity or trade secrets becoming public knowledge.
Many larger companies have D.J.s on call who can fill on a moment's notice.
Many larger companies have Internet recruiting specialists in their human-resources departments.
Many larger companies have research and development departments that do just that.
Many larger companies have their own custom software.
Many larger companies have too many clients to effectively manage the careers of their clients.
Many larger companies have year -round recruitment strategies.
Many larger companies seem to be ahead of the smaller companies in offering better paying jobs.
Most larger companies give employees the opportunity to earmark part of their salary to FSAs.
Most larger companies have a separate department that handles shareholder relations.
Most larger companies have some type of drug testing in place, so users look elsewhere for jobs.
Some larger companies employ agents who routinely process all prosthetic claims.
Some larger companies give their new employees formal classroom combined with on the job training.
Some larger companies have manufacturing facilities overseas.
Some larger companies have recruitment programs for vacation work.
Some larger companies have their own mortgage financing divisions.
Some larger companies sell or give away email addresses.
Larger compartments are better and offer greater protection from predators and elements.
Larger compartments are even better.
Larger components have to go slower.
Larger computers can often correct multiple errors.
Larger concentrations look nearly black.
Larger concentrations tend to move slower and live longer than smaller ones.
Larger configurations can cost more.
Larger congregations are more likely to be clear about their purpose.
Larger congregations are three times as likely to have an online presence as small churches.
Larger congregations have a greater proportion of young adults and of male worshippers.
Larger consortia are instrumental in the realisation.
Larger containers are usually less expensive.
Larger containers hold more plants, which create greater visual impact.
Larger containers result in the crushing of berries in the lower layers.
Some larger containers can accommodate several cars simultaneously, while others only one.
Larger containerships serve intercontinental trades.
Larger contributions are eligible for U.S. tax receipts.
Larger contributions are welcome .
Larger corporations can ride out the storm using the depth of their financial resources.
Larger corporations have a much more structured career path.
Larger corporations have the capital and resources available to launch a product properly.
Many larger corporations have more than one mail system.
Many larger corporations reject any outside invention submissions.
Many larger corporations use EMTs for quick response.
Larger cottages are also available.
Larger cottages have an additional bathroom.
Larger countries tend to trade less as a proportion of output.
Larger counties employ screening processes and hearing officers.
Larger counties seem to be supporting the system out of proportion to their use of the system.
Larger coverage gives volume business but return per doctor is going down.
Larger coverage is obtained by overlapping cell sites to form a cellular network.
Larger crabs are more likely to be stressed since they molt less frequently.
Larger cracks have enough soil to support grasses and small shrubs.
Larger craft are already operational as ferries or cargo transports.
Many larger craters have bright markings on their interior walls.
Larger creatures take to the air at night.
Larger crevasses are only different from smaller ones in terms of the width.
Larger crocodiles tend to lay larger clutches which contain larger eggs.
Larger crops are in prospect in Asia, Africa, and North and South America.
Larger crowns have more vigor.
Larger crystals are often smoky.
Larger crystals become slightly mosaic and have small angle boundaries.
Larger crystals enclose small crystals.
Larger crystals mean fewer grain boundaries that lower the thermal conductivity.
Larger crystals show hexagonal prismatic and pyramidal forms.
Larger crystals tend to grow at the expense of smaller ones.
Larger cuffs are available for some units to assure accuracy in people with larger arms.
Larger culms go to makers of fishing rods and furniture.
Larger cultivars yield more per hectare, depending on the variety.
Larger cups are less resistant to eye pressure.
Larger currents can cause tissue damage and burns.
Larger currents produce larger forces.
Larger curves are more likely to progress than smaller curves.
Larger curves can progress and cause serious deformity.
Larger cushions can add to hold time in the barrel and aggravate degradation.
Larger customers can negotiate better deals than smaller customers.
Larger cutters are less prone to breakage and require lower speeds when compared to smaller cutters.
Larger cuttings are more difficult to work with, but they grow well.
Larger cuttings produce larger plants sooner.
Larger cycles span whole phases of a research program.
Larger dams can hold more water and can use more generators.
Larger dams pose more complex issues, for there are more, and bigger, economic stakeholders.
Larger dams require fish lifts.
Larger darters can eat snails, crayfish, and other small crustacea.
Any larger database needs a security concept as much as it needs a thorough database design.
Larger dealers have even more expansive facilities.
Most larger dealers issue catalogs of material.
Larger debt comes with lower awareness of the implications of loan debt.
Larger defects require surgical repair.
Larger deficits peel the weight off faster but extract a greater price in hunger along the way.
Larger delays lead to a subjective annoyance perceived as echo.
Larger deletions lead to death.
Larger denominations exist only in bars of antiplatinum.
Larger departments are considerably slower.
Larger departments do some of the work by doing the mailupd work themselves.
Larger departments have a harder time.
Larger detachments require retinal detachment surgery.
Larger devices can often be straddle mounted across foils.
Some larger devices can be straddle mounted.
Larger diameter are also available.
Larger diameter is easier for the dog to see, and sturdier.
Larger diameter Means less backpressure for better performance in horsepower and fuel economy.
Larger diameters are also available.
Larger diameters cost more, but make it easier to bring a big fish through the hole.
Larger diameters equal less resistance.
Larger diameters tend to create a slower vibrato with most players.
Any larger diameter indicates aneurysmal dilatation.
Larger diamonds are more rare, and command a higher price.
Larger diamonds are rarer and therefore command a higher price.
Larger diamonds are rarer than smaller diamonds, so a larger stone costs more per carat.
Larger dice decrease the chance for doubles and thus tend to balance the game.
Larger differences do separate the average and superior animals.
Larger differences exist in winter between the two models.
Larger dimensions require a higher dpi.
Larger discounts are available for even larger groups who plan to study the course together.
Larger discounts are available for larger quantities purchased.
Larger discounts are available for larger quantities.
Larger discounts are available for quantity orders.
Larger discounts are available for quantity purchases.
Larger discounts are available with larger orders.
Larger discussions can develop sub-discussions which novices can find confusing.
Larger dishes are less susceptible to rain fade.
Larger disks are strong enough to attract each other through an adult's hand.
Larger displacement means higher reciprocating mass.
Larger displays are fine.
Larger displays provide better access to complex screen layouts and formats.
Larger displays welcome.
Larger distances are better.
Larger distances indicate a more powerful phenomenon.
Larger districts disagree.
Larger districts seem to have more courses.
Larger districts use the pools for the liquidity portion of their portfolios for the same reason.
Many larger districts carry increased coverage on certain employees who handle money or securities.
Some larger districts have employees who specialize in examining employee misconduct.
Larger documents are no problem.
Larger documents are the domain of word processors.
Larger documents can easily activate a hundred or more.
Larger documents require correspondingly longer transmission times.
Larger dogs are more vulnerable than smaller dogs.
Larger dogs develop at a much slower rate than small dogs.
Larger dogs do less well.
Larger dogs react better to lower tones while smaller dogs have a better reaction to higher tones.
Larger dogs require a higher volume of water.
Larger dogs require daily romps outdoors.
Larger dogs suffer from more serious skeletal issues and disease than their smaller counterparts.
Larger donations are most welcome .
Larger donations are much appreciated.
Larger donations are possible because donors retain the income from the property they contribute.
Larger donations are welcome and earn additional benefits.
Larger donations require an appointment.
Larger donations welcome.
Larger doses affect everyone's vision, alertness, and manual coordination.
Larger doses are necessary when it is given intramuscularly.
Larger doses can be fatal.
Larger doses can bring about depression, irrational behavior, poor reflexes and slurred speech.
Larger doses can cause androgenic effects such as acne, facial hair, and aggressiveness.
Larger doses can cause confusion, slurred speech, lack of coordination, and shaking.
Larger doses can cause convulsions, coma, and death.
Larger doses can cause diarrhea, nausea and severe abdominal cramping with possible dehydration.
Larger doses can cause disturbing dreams and nightmares.
Larger doses can cause rapid heartbeat, agitation, vomiting, and hallucinations.
Larger doses can cause respiratory depression, coma and death.
Larger doses can cause restlessness, diarrhea, nausea, vomiting, and weakness.
Larger doses can cause sedation, confusion, hallucinations.
Larger doses can elicit emesis, seizures and respiratory depression.
Larger doses can induce slurred speech, blurred vision, temporary blindness, confusion and sweating.
Larger doses cause greater depression of the body and can result in death from respiratory arrest.
Larger doses produce a sedative effect in which reaction time slows markedly.
Larger doses produce respiratory depression and hypotension.
Larger doses produce slurred speech, staggering, double vision, stupor.
Larger doses result in liver damage and death.
Larger dosages appear to be more effective than smaller ones.
Larger dosages can be tricky, though, as the diameter of the pill can get large and look choke-able.
Larger doses can be fatal.
Larger doses can cause diarrhea, nausea and severe abdominal cramping with possible dehydration.
Larger doses can cause respiratory distress, oxygen starvation to the brain, seizures and death.
Larger doses cause slurred speech, slowed reactions and excessive sleep.
Larger doses create larger problems.
Larger doses paralyze the muscles.
Larger doses produce incapacitation and death within minutes to hours.
Larger doses promote less absorption.
Larger doses tend to be sedative, and excess dosage can be fatal.
Larger doses tend to depress the heart.
Larger doses yield a laxative effect.
Larger dots indicate that there is more than one congregation in that area.
Larger dots indicate two LABikers living together.
Larger dots represent greater numbers of individuals recorded at that location.
Larger dragons feed on worms, mice and larger insects like grasshoppers and beetles.
Larger drawers hold floppy bags of pasta or assorted open bags of potato chips.
Larger drives are already common and cheap.
Larger drives benefit even more.
Larger drops create smoother ice because the water runs back before freezing.
Larger drops have decreasing window sizes.
Larger droplets fall faster than smaller droplets due to a greater terminal velocity.
Larger droplets fall faster.
Larger droplets produce drizzle more efficiently.
Larger dropouts can be quite serious.
Larger drum eat small crabs, worms, algae, small fish and mollusks.
Larger drums are also available.
Larger drums are useful if bulky items like comforters are dried in the dryer.
Larger drums handle larger loads and produce fewer wrinkles.
Larger drums produce lower-pitched sounds than small drums.
Larger duct is shipped in sections and assembled in the field.
Larger ducts have less turbulence and so, are less noisy.
Larger dwellings are on average housing fewer people than in the past.
Larger earthquakes can generate very large shear loads on structures.
Larger eddies are primarily responsible for the transport of bubbles.
Larger eddies can occur further away from the sea floor.
Larger editions are also available.
Larger eggs are available.
Larger eggplant has many seeds that some people find bitter and undesirable.
Larger emphasis is placed on the individual abilities of each student.
Larger employers fear consumer litigation given changing laws and the patient rights debate.
Larger employers tend to be more discriminating.
Larger employers tend to prefer high school graduates.
Most larger employers contribute to their workers' activities if asked.
Some larger employers provide in-house outplacement services.
Larger enclosures can use more than one pad.
Larger engines fall into the scooter category.
Larger enrollment allows for more combos to be created for rehearsal and performance.
Larger enterprises have more ballast, more hands on deck to keep things steady.
Larger entities are typically more concerned with cost of capital than with access to capital.
Larger entrances attract starlings.
Larger envelopes are especially difficult to file and require additional postage.
Larger errors are most likely due to insufficient arithmetic precision.
Larger errors occur with snowfall.
Larger establishments are much more involved in exporting.
Larger estates get to cash in on probate avoidance AND federal estate tax and gift taxes avoidance.
Larger events require at least a week to arrange for alcohol procurement and delivery.
Larger events require more planning.
Larger examples are elsewhere on campus.
Larger examples have longitudinally oriented bundles of smooth muscle.
Larger examples have sufficient buoyancy to resist the pull and continue to rise.
Larger examples tend to be of lighter- colored stone while the smaller ones are of dark stones.
Larger experiments are currently underway.
Larger eyes can house more light-sensitive cells and let in more light.
Larger facilities can deliver the software over their Intranets.
Larger facilities can offer a lower cost for higher capacities up to a point.
Larger facilities monitor particulate and gaseous releases to the environment.
Larger factories use commerical dyes to produce consist colors and maitain quaulity.
Larger families can choose more items.
Larger families have higher income limits.
Larger families mean greater profits for business that target the family - oriented consumer.
Larger families mean greater profits for businesses wishing to reach the family oriented consumer.
Larger families mean greater profits for businesses wishing to reach the family-oriented consumer.
Larger families receive priority for assignment to the three-bedroom town houses.
Larger families stay below the poverty line even with two minimum-wage workers.
Larger families tend to stay on government assistance until they can make it on their own.
Larger families use more water than single households.
Larger families use the larger units.
Many larger families use two tandems, with each parent captaining a child stoker.
Larger fans are generally quieter than smaller fans, particularly at lower speeds.
Larger fans cool better than smaller ones at considerably lower RPM, resulting in much less noise.
Larger fans try to hit a baseball over a specific outfield sign, or toss a ball at a target.
Larger farms are able to produce fish at a lower price per pound than smaller farms.
Larger farms are more likely to have labor needs in excess of that provided by the family farm.
Larger farms generate more wastes, creating greater potential for large-scale pollution.
Larger farms require larger, more efficient equipment.
Larger farms tend to rely on machines and organic or chemical sprays.
Larger farms work on volume, and time is precious.
Some larger farms using paid labor also ask members to help with deliveries.
Larger farmers do.
Larger faults represent glacial reactivation of pre-existing structures.
Larger females are dominant to smaller ones.
Larger females are more successful foragers.
Larger females carry more eggs.
Larger females have more offspring.
Larger females have more pups per litter.
Larger females molt less frequently and therefore have more time for reproduction.
Larger females produce larger broods.
Larger females spawn more eggs than do smaller females.
Larger females spawn more frequently and have larger clutches of eggs.
Larger females tend to spawn in shallower water, which is preferred over deeper water.
Larger females tend to win burrow disputes, but there is a resident advantage as well.
Most larger ferries built since then, however, have clam doors.
Larger fibers tend to settle more quickly.
Larger fibroids require a laparotomy.
Larger fields are easier to manage and more economical .
Larger fields are easier to manage and more economical.
Some larger fighters feel differently about smaller fighters than about someone their own size.
Larger files are more indicative as they span a longer period of time.
Larger files are pre-read to get the content length, and then the length is cached for future use.
Larger files can be slow to fully appear on the screen.
Larger files can take more than smaller files.
Larger files can take some time to download.
Larger files increase download times dramatically and take up space on the hard drive.
Larger files require more time to download.
Larger files span multiple clusters.
Larger files take a long time to render, but they are also significantly sharper.
Larger files take longer to download and longer to print.
Larger files take longer to download, of course, and are less likely to do so smoothly.
Larger files take longer to download.
Larger files take longer to load on browsers and keep visitors waiting.
Larger files take longer to load when viewed on Web pages.
Larger files take longer to process.
Larger files take longer to upload.
Larger files take longer, so be patient.
Larger fillets are also great for baking and broiling in spicy tomato and herb based sauces.
Larger filters are custom made to meet any flow rate.
Larger finials require additional support.
Larger fires can spread to more populated areas and damage buildings and infrastructure.
Larger firms are accustomed to handling bigger money.
Larger firms are already wide awake to the opening of their business to the Web.
Larger firms can achieve more internal economies of sale.
Larger firms can diversify by spreading their practice across a range of building types.
Larger firms can leverage marketing campaigns and consistent implementation technologies.
Larger firms can make the necessary changes as part of their internal employment policies.
Larger firms can reach new markets, and strengthen their supplier base.
Larger firms can spread risk and administrative costs over more workers.
Larger firms depend on global sourcing strategies.
Larger firms emphasize specialization but are often more stable.
Larger firms have a higher proportion of long term and total debt.
Larger firms have an advantage in at least one area, however.
Larger firms have lower rates of job creation and destruction.
Larger firms have more of a security problem because of the large number of computers.
Larger firms have offices in cities and large towns.
Larger firms have the right intentions.
Larger firms pay their executive more.
Larger firms provide structured skills training for new staff.
Larger firms rely on our services to complement their own in-house capabilities.
Larger firms tend to change the higher rates.
Many larger firms have in-house experts that individual planners can turn to.
Many larger firms offer life insurance as part of an overall benefits package.
Many larger firms see e-commerce as the future of construction procurement.
Larger fish are oftentimes the last members to assail shallow water.
Larger fish are usually alone.
Larger fish become fish steaks and fillets.
Larger fish do prefer large plugs.
Larger fish eat the crawfish.
Larger fish eat the smaller fish and the mercury builds up in their tissues.
Larger fish eat the smaller ones.
Larger fish exist in some remote lakes.
Larger fish feed heavily on crayfish and also take small fishes.
Larger fish have a greater probability of having a toxic dose.
Larger fish have better survival rates.
Larger fish move to inshore structure in the winter.
Larger fish predate young longnose gars.
Larger fish require even more space.
Larger fish take proportionately more terrestrial insects.
Larger fish tend to bioaccumulate higher methylmercury levels.
Larger fish tend to congregate in the northern part of the range.
Larger fish tend to have a more pronounced flavor.
Larger flags are available by special order.
Larger flags have hand-appliqued star fields.
Larger flasks are available, but they're too cumbersome and heavy.
Larger flocks occur occasionally, the largest reported group is of nine birds.
Larger flocks tend to occur in northern latitudes, or where supplemental food is offered.
Larger flowers are dipper gourd seeds with acorn cap centers.
Larger flux comes from more muscles participating in the heart's contraction.
Larger flies are best.
Larger font appears better on the Web.
Larger font is easier to read through the electronics.
Larger fonts are easier to read and are appreciated.
Larger fonts are easier to read, whereas more information can be displayed with smaller fonts.
Larger fonts are easier to read.
Larger fonts are more appropriate for headings.
Larger fonts help immeasurably.
Larger fonts provide better legibility and a consistent browsing experience on all levels.
Larger food can cause serious problems including paralysis, seizures, gut impaction or death.
Larger forces are at work.
Larger forests have a wider range of benefits and are much more cost-effective.
Larger forms are rare or absent.
Larger format stores a success.
Larger formats are also available on request.
Larger formats are also available.
Larger formations have Discs in staggered straight line positioning.
Larger fragments are probably shell material.
Larger fragments build up near the opening and the finer fragments travel father down the slope.
Larger fragments move more slowly than smaller ones through the porous agarose.
Larger frames break strings sooner due to the string lengths.
Larger fruit returns more on both local and export markets.
Many larger fuels remain dry and the start of new fires is always a possibility.
Larger fuses can overload outlets and wiring and start a fire.
Larger gals can be more comfortable if the style allows a strap bra for support.
Larger galaxies form from larger peaks and thus are more clumped than fainter dwarf galaxies.
Larger galaxies have larger central black holes.
Larger game calls for larger caliber weapons.
Larger gears provide reliability and strength.
Larger generators are more difficult to transport, use more fuel and create more pollution.
Larger giants blow slower, but much thicker winds.
Larger gifts add up quickly.
Larger gifts are generally appropriate mainly to charitable organizations and family members.
Larger gifts can provide an even more substantial level of student support.
Larger gifts cost more per gift, but much less per amount raised.
Larger gills mean the nymph can move more rapidly through the water.
Larger glasses tend to promote more consumption.
Larger goblins carry axes that do more damage.
Larger governments are more process oriented and more bureaucratic.
Larger grains are more likely to absorb light photons than a smaller grain.
Larger grains can only roll along the ground.
Larger grants are also available for blood plasma research, astronomy, and ophthalmology.
Larger grants are rare.
Larger grants generate the most scrutiny.
Larger graphics are available for each item by clicking on the thumbnail.
Larger graphics are negotiable.
Larger graphics slow down every one's page.
Larger graphics take longer to be displayed.
Larger graphics take much longer.
Larger graphics tend to slow down significantly the time for a page to load.
Larger grasshoppers are much more difficult to control.
Larger greenhouses are easier to manage because the temperature fluctuates very slowly.
Larger grids give ever decreasing rates of return and soon impact on the image quality.
Larger grids require more memory and can bog down the interface.
Larger group rides available by request.
Larger groups are also unwieldy in time.
Larger groups are difficult to moderate and group interaction falls off sharply.
Larger groups are harder to convince.
Larger groups are no problem.
Larger groups are possible, prices negotiable.
Larger groups are unwieldy.
Larger groups are usually temporary, forming when good food is particularly abundant.
Larger groups are welcome with a skilled leader.
Larger groups are welcome.
Larger groups become too unwieldy.
Larger groups can also make use of Fairgrounds facilities.
Larger groups can arrange for breakfast and dinner rides.
Larger groups can arrange for use of our main dining room.
Larger groups can arrange transportation, guides, and excursion services in advance.
Larger groups can be accommodated only is park staffing is sufficient.
Larger groups can become cumbersome and dangerous.
Larger groups can camp on the lawn.
Larger groups can cool their jets in a trellised booth in back.
Larger groups can get an appointment on virtually every day of the week.
Larger groups can have trouble finding campsites with enough room, and mealtime can be a chore.
Larger groups can order coffee and lunch on phone.
Larger groups can participate using one Internet connection and digital projection systems.
Larger groups can push tables together.
Larger groups can reserve more than one loop.
Larger groups can reserve space in the terminal's second floor lounge overlooking the runway.
Larger groups can schedule back to back tours.
Larger groups can use both upstairs rooms.
Larger groups cause a breakdown.
Larger groups cause more physical impact than smaller groups.
Larger groups convene for less frequent meetings.
Larger groups cost less per musician.
Larger groups create administrative problems unless organised well.
Larger groups enjoy overnight lock-ins and exclusive park openings.
Larger groups have a much greater impact on the land and on other hiker's enjoyment.
Larger groups have more trouble finding times to meet.
Larger groups have the option of various conference rooms throughout the campus.
Larger groups involve greater costs to individuals.
Larger groups make differences easier to detect - that is, the power of the study is increased.
Larger groups make individual participation more difficult.
Larger groups meet every four to six weeks to share the joy and fellowship of our faith.
Larger groups offer better protection for the young calves.
Larger groups pay a fee for the service.
Larger groups play as teams.
Larger groups require more than one presentation.
Larger groups require use of guest or rental boats.
Larger groups require use of on-board microphones.
Larger groups sit in two rows, and many members stand and stretch at times throughout the workshop.
Larger groups take more planning and staffing.
Larger groups tend to be slow, noisy, and hard to control.
Larger groups tend to break down more easily.
Larger groups tend to get bogged down in discussion and often get sidetracked.
Larger groups tend to make more noise.
Larger groups travel greater distances in order to obtain sufficient food.
Larger groups welcome, catering available for dinners and parties.
Larger growths look a little like miniature cholla cactus, with stubby finger-like branches.
Larger gulls have relatively broader wings than smaller ones, apparent as they fly overhead.
Larger guns generate more heat during the blast which greatly reduces the processing time.
Most larger habitats are custom built by the iguana owner, and many times they are improperly wired.
Larger hail can also damage crops even with lighter winds.
Larger hailstones have alternate rings of clear ice and frost.
Many larger hand blown pieces are also available.
Larger handles are more comfortable and easier to grip.
Larger head provides greater forgiveness on off-centre hits.
Larger heads have larger diameters of coverage which means they require a higher flow rate.
Larger headlights illuminate the road better at night.
Larger heaters are a small bit more efficient than the smaller pool heat units.
Larger heaters produce fewer PAH emissions than small ones due to greater burning efficiency.
Larger hemorrhages can cause large dark blobs in the visual field or a overall decrease in vision.
Larger holes attract starlings.
Larger holes can lead to heart failure and death.
Larger homes are slightly higher.
Larger hooks have a wider gap and reach out to hook more fish.
Larger hooks require more energy or power even for the smaller fish.
Larger hospitals have more equipment in-house.
Larger hospitals supply medical gases from a central store via pipelines in the floor and walls.
Larger hotels can sponsor transit visas for tourists and business visits.
Larger hotels have banks or money changers in their arcades.
Larger hotels have small dispensaries on site.
Larger hotels have swimming pools and other sports facilities.
Larger hotels offer a more international cuisine.
Larger hotels offer a shuttle service and some offer a chauffeured courtesy car.
Larger hotels offer a wide selection of imported meats, vegetables, fruits and cheeses.
Larger hotels tell the same story.
Larger hotels tend to be full-service, operating ballrooms and restaurants that also eat energy.
Most larger hotels have boutiques.
Larger houses require interior supports.
Larger houses tend to get top- dollar in rentals.
Larger households volunteer additional hours each month to receive their discount.
Larger huts are for the family, while smaller huts are for storing food.
Larger icons represent more detailed and larger videos, requiring faster internet connections.
Larger iguanas have larger dewlaps.
Larger Image Timberlodge Our signature model.
Larger images are available as well, linked to the images on the pages.
Larger images are available by clicking on the smaller ones.
Larger images are available for all photos by clicking on the image or the link below it.
Larger images are available here .
Larger images are available of each piece just by clicking on the thumbnail image.
Larger images are available simply by clicking the thumbnail picture.
Larger images are available.
Larger images are just a click away.
Larger images are now available.
Larger images can produce a spectacular effect.
Larger images contain more details but load much slower.
Larger images contain more details.
Larger images cost more than smaller images.
Larger images do take longer to download and appear on the screen.
Larger images have bigger impact.
Larger images have large files sizes.
Larger images look better, but take more time to send to the person on the other end.
Larger images print better.
Larger images require scrolling and are difficult to judge.
Larger images shrink to fit the window, smaller images expand.
Larger images take a few moments to load.
Larger images take up more space and take longer to load.
Any larger image is more important than a smaller one.
Larger implants can become locally invasive as they respond to hormone stimulation.
Larger impoundments offer waterskiing, kneeboarding, and wakeboarding.
Larger improvements do seem to be associated with the scanning or mapping.
Larger increments expire in two years.
Larger indentations are present on four of the six faces.
Larger individuals are more solitary and less migratory.
Larger individuals are possible .
Larger individuals are possible.
Larger individuals are uncommon.
Larger individuals can engulf entire salp chains.
Larger individuals can even catch crabs and snails.
Larger individuals can tolerate cooler water than can juveniles.
Larger individuals feed heavily on fish and crayfish.
Larger individuals feed heavily on fish.
Larger individuals feed on fishes and squid, also off the bottom.
Larger individuals tend to eat caddisflies, crayfish, larger worms, etc.
Larger industries purchase wood in bulk by weight of volume measures.
Larger industries use jets often for business purposes.
Larger infants fare better.
Larger injuries take longer to heal than smaller ones.
Larger installations function like a comparably sized city complete with utilities and amenities.
Larger institutions benefit from economies of scale.
Larger institutions benefit more than they are able to spread costs over a wider customer base.
Larger institutions require more time for site analysis and report writing.
Larger institutions use their size as a weapon.
Larger instruments are in many cased made from two or three pieces of wood.
Larger instruments have larger crews so the time involved is about the same.
Many larger insurers offer work-study training programs, lasting from a few months to a year.
Larger integers are approximated.
Larger integers stand for larger disks, and the letter E stands for an empty stack.
Larger interests control both parties, the national media and the huge trusts and foundations.
Larger inventories take longer.
Larger investment leads to larger changes.
Larger investments are possible by special arrangement.
Larger investments can be harder to come by.
Larger investors get no credit for their larger deposits.
Larger islands are apt to have numerous habitat types.
Larger islands have their own microclimates which can produce low-lying fog.
Larger islands offer cars, scooters and bicycles.
Larger islands support more individuals and species per square meter than smaller islands .
Larger islands support more species.
Larger issue is the public perception.
Larger issues are at stake.
Larger issues are contentious as well.
Larger issues are more difficult to gauge.
Larger issues loom on the ethical and legal fronts.
Larger items are cheap, too.
Larger items are grabbed with the jaws.
Larger items are usually subject to lead times.
Larger items can require very costly service and repair bills.
Larger items present the greatest problem.
Larger items require a higher setting or a longer dwell time.
Larger items require a quote.
Larger items require horizontal shelving.
Larger items requiring deeper shelves often benefit from lighting.
Larger jobs have turnaround times as quoted.
Larger journals reduce unit loading, allowing for more aggressive cam profiles.
Many larger jurisdictions spend millions of dollars a year on their recycling programs.
Larger juveniles join adults offshore in deeper waters.
Larger juveniles take more vertebrate prey.
Larger kayaks are available for an additional fee.
Larger kernels make grinding easier.
Larger keyboards are sometimes available as peripherals.
Larger kilns require a separate power relay, sized according to the nameplate current of the kiln.
Larger kitchens offer more possibilities from built-in booths to many styles of tables and chairs.
Larger knives require larger, thicker targets.
Larger labels have loads of artists to worry about.
Larger labels watch the smaller labels for new talent.
Larger lakes produce longer food chains.
Larger landowners are often concerned about javelina damaging net wire fences.
Larger landowners can protect or restore forests, fields and wetlands.
Larger larvae are much less susceptible than small.
Larger larvae are easier to dissect.
Larger larvae are usually yellowish, greenish, or pinkish.
Larger larvae eat holes through leaves.
Larger larvae eat the entire needle down to the sheath.
Larger larvae feed heavily on the leaf blades and weeds.
Larger larvae feed on the epidermis of the branches of the ferns.
Larger larvae leave holes in the leaves.
Larger larvae leave the pods during the day seeking protection in the soil.
Larger larvae move onto open leaves near the terminals.
Larger larvae range from green to black, and often have a broad stripe along each side of the body.
Larger larvae scatter out and feed individually on leaves.
Larger larvae tend to be located farther inshore over the continental shelf.
Larger larynxes lead to lower fundamental frequencies.
Larger lasers can produce more energy.
Larger leaks can waste hundreds of gallons.
Larger leaks can waste hundreds.
Larger leaks can waste thousands of gallons.
Larger leaks waste even more.
Larger leaves are best cooked.
Larger leaves form a rosette at the base.
Larger leaves provide the border.
Larger leaves receive more light.
Larger leaves tend to become bitter and tough.
Larger lengths are available than from any other Western Australian hardwoods.
Larger lenses let in more light.
Larger lesions can form cystic areas on the ovaries.
Larger lesions can reach several centimeters in diameter.
Larger lesions have a tendency to coalesce and form confluent lesions.
Larger lesions require a general anesthetic.
Larger lesions require laparoscopic or open surgical procedures.
Larger lesions tend to expand and distort the bone in which they occur.
Larger letters increase search time.
Larger libraries get increased access without increased costs.
Larger libraries have a good selection of videos and cassettes aimed at children.
Larger libraries hold reference material for children's homework and study.
All larger Libraries use some call number scheme to sort their items on the shelves.
Many larger libraries hold vast collections of international materials.
Most larger libraries have copies of the Vehicle Code.
Larger licenses are also available.
Larger lifts are difficult to compact.
Larger lifts are worse of coarse.
Larger lights are available.
Larger lilac stems are attacked.
Larger lists require a little more effort to maintain.
Larger lists require alternative approaches.
Larger listing are available.
Larger litters mean higher risk to the parent.
Any larger litter is indicative of dog or no wolf percent.
Larger loads require jumpers to concentrate on a team effort.
Larger loans are non-recourse.
Larger loans tend to be more profitable than smaller ones.
Larger lockers are available for rent by the semester or year in two sizes.
Larger loops characterize the berber style.
Larger loopers can be more difficult to control.
Larger losses produce deeper grief and take longer to recover from.
Larger lots add to the spacious elegance of the living environment.
Larger lots grace some hill areas.
Larger lots have higher minimums.
Larger lots require more water for landscaping, charging Valley residents a premium.
Some larger lots are available.
Larger lounges have ping-pong and pool tables and vending machines.
Larger m leads to more difficult search.
Larger machines can use four times as much fluid if run in the same manner.
Larger machines have more problems with heat.
Larger machines tend to become difficult to handle in sanding and rug shampooing operations.
Larger magazines pay more, of course, but also expect top quality.
Larger magnets can pick up heavier metal objects than smaller magnets can .
Larger magnification comes from larger focal lengths and vice versa for smaller.
Larger magnitudes correspond to fainter stars.
Larger mailings have to be coordinated with outside vendors.
Larger maintenance is rare and usually takes less than a day.
Larger males are famous for their offshore swimming and diving abilities.
Larger males are favored, unless the risk of predation is very high.
Larger males are more likely to mate with females than smaller males.
Larger males are more successful in disrupting copulating pairs.
Larger males are usually more successful in mating.
Larger males can physically displace smaller ones chosen by the female.
Larger males copulate more, perhaps because they are better able to subdue reluctant females.
Larger males guard an area of beach and mate with female s who come ashore there.
Larger males have a fleshy lump on their forehead.
Larger males have greater ability to hold territories and presumably greater mating success.
Larger males tend to have more success at maneuvering the female than smaller ones.
Larger mammals are also involved with cycad seed dispersal.
Larger mammals can get by with eating lower energy foods or eating less often.
Larger mammals feed on the foliage and the bark.
Larger mammals produce fewer offspring, which usually take much longer to gestate.
Some larger mantids catch and eat lizards, frogs, and even birds.
Larger manufacturers offer total solution systems for the middle range and high-end segment.
Larger margins mean more overlap.
Larger markets are clearly a larger magnet for investment funds.
Larger markets have larger budgets and news holes and are thus able to have more expansive coverage.
Larger markets offer job opportunities with higher pay and more responsibility and challenges.
Larger mass is spherical and concave.
Larger masses have more momentum and damage more easily happens during activity.
Larger mats are also available for plants growing in the garden.
Larger memories suffer to suffer excess delay along bit and word lines.
Larger memory is great for desktop publishing, video production and Web server applications.
Larger message scrolling capabilities are available.
Larger messages increase processing time per message and slow down overall mail flow.
Larger messages tend to get fragmented and the socket layer handed it to the sniffer fragmented.
Larger meteors burn up as they enter the earth's atmosphere, creating fleeting streaks of light.
Larger meteors can sometimes fall to Earth intact where they are called meteorites.
Larger meters have a higher basic charge.
Larger meters have more flow per contact closure than small meters.
Larger metronomes are the size of a paper-back book or larger.
Larger mirrors are currently in production.
Larger mirrors gather more light and can resolve that light better.
Larger models allow dozens of viewers to experience the same simulated environment together.
Larger models are also available.
Larger models are available and useful for graphics or DTP work.
Larger models are available upon request.
Larger models feature data storage, statistical process information, and built-in printers.
Larger models have fireplaces.
Larger models produce sufficient power for heavy duty welding jobs, including air gouging.
Larger models require stronger materials and construction methods.
Larger modules have additional subsystem screens to focus operator control on critical elements.
Larger moles are more worrisome.
Larger moles require the replacement of the excised skin in one form or another.
Larger molecules are active transported via sequence specific mechanism.
Larger molecules boil at higher temperatures and are less soluble in water.
Larger monitors allow web pages to spread out.
Larger monitors are better also.
Larger monitors are better for running at the higher resolutions.
Larger monitors are definitely preferred.
Larger monitors are even better, but prices go up quickly and the quality range is mixed.
Larger monitors are ideal when working with images or viewing many Web sites.
Larger monitors are usually much more expensive.
Larger monitors can display more at once - often making work easier.
Larger monitors cost more.
Larger monitors equal less eye strain.
Larger monitors have more surface area and therefore more pixels.
Larger monitors require greater viewing distance.
Larger monitors support higher resolutions, all other things being equal.
Larger monitors tend to be much more expensive than their smaller counterparts.
Some larger monitors come bundled with an accelerator card.
Some larger mortars have a firing pin that is set off by using a string instead of automatically .
Some larger mortars have a firing pin that is set off by using a string instead of automatically.
Larger mosques offer more services to their community.
Larger mouthpieces are used on larger instruments, and smaller ones are used on smaller instruments.
Larger mullet are subject to larger predators such as snook, snappers, barracuda, dolphins, etc.
Larger museums remain open all day.
Larger nations can have several regional editors.
Larger nations sending refined oil to the U.S. are in a similar situation.
Larger needles are easier to work with.
Larger neighborhoods have more crime reports because of their size.
Larger nests represent years and years of hard work.
Larger networks require a cable running from each computer to a hub device.
Larger networks show some deviations, however.
Larger networks use stackable or modular hubs which can accommodate many more computers.
Many larger newspapers accept submissions via their web sites or fax.
Larger nodules soften in the center and become painful.
Larger nodules tend to be deeply centered within the subcutis.
Larger notes can be more difficult to change in remote rural areas.
Larger notebooks have bigger batteries, measured by the number of cells.
Larger notebooks have two PC Card slots, and they're starting to add two USB connectors.
Larger nozzles emit more water and thus it takes longer for the mist to evaporate.
Larger nozzles produce larger droplets, which are desirable for tree tops.
Some larger nuclei are visible with tiny nucleoli.
Larger numbers are always better.
Larger numbers are better and mean the fan has more cooling power.
Larger numbers are better.
Larger numbers are higher quality, but take more time.
Larger numbers are more difficult because of the increased number of small children.
Larger numbers are simply multiples of ten.
Larger numbers can cause environmental damage.
Larger numbers gather in places with abundant grass.
Larger numbers gather in places with plenty of grass.
Larger numbers increase latency but protect against dropout.
Larger numbers indicate better matches.
Larger numbers indicate more acive climate extremes for a year.
Larger numbers indicate more cost effectiveness.
Larger numbers make larger shadows.
Larger numbers make the visible block smaller.
Larger numbers make thicker graphs.
Larger numbers mean a genotype is more fit, relative to the ohter genotypes.
Larger numbers mean more diversity.
Larger numbers mean more resistance.
Larger numbers mean more tiles are created.
Larger numbers mean thinner strings.
Larger numbers refer to greater dispositional attributions.
Larger numbers represent smaller wire.
Larger numbers result in quicker octree generation, but potentially slower rendering.
Larger numbers specify increasing levels of verbosity.
Larger numbers yield slower rates of change.
Larger nurseries use main or fire break roads for field loading.
Larger nuts require quite a bit more work because of the odd lobe shapes.
Larger nymph has wing buds.
Larger nymphs are grayish white with dark heads, legs and antennae.
Larger nymphs can capture and eat tadpoles or even small fish.
Larger nymphs cause most of the damage.
Larger objects are few, and can be seen and avoided.
Larger objects are fortunately rarer.
Larger objects can cause a train derailment, injuring or killing passengers and crew members.
Larger objects cause a rebound that creates a peak in the middle.
Larger objects elude their grasp, while they fasten eagerly on the light and insignificant.
Larger objects experience more air resistance.
Larger objects get more attention.
Larger objects have a longer period of internal activity.
Larger objects have more inertia than smaller objects and therefore take more energy to vibrate.
Larger objects have somewhat more accurate sizes.
Larger objects require more power to move.
Larger objects require precision timing and advanced momentum and weight management skills.
Larger objects tend to become lodged in the larynx or trachea.
Larger objectives allow the use, with minimal errors, of long focal lengths.
Many larger observatories do offer tours.
Larger offices can save with file servers and centralized data bases.
Larger one has an eating nook with a view.
Larger ones appear as water creatures such as fish and frogs.
Larger ones are able to dismiss the call.
Larger ones are better for galaxies and nebulae and clusters.
Larger ones are darker and have a striped appearance.
Larger ones are dry and flavorless.
Larger ones are for commercial use.
Larger ones are for sale.
Larger ones are great for workshop notebooks and perfect for plein air painting.
Larger ones are grown to feed livestock .
Larger ones are grown to feed livestock.
Larger ones are heavier and harder to handle.
Larger ones are very easy to find.
Larger ones become quite coarse.
Larger ones can be special ordered.
Larger ones can damage a raft.
Larger ones compress the smaller ones.
Larger ones do pay for one or two weeks.
Larger ones eat fish, birds, mice, and rabbits.
Larger ones have a membrane between the hind legs.
Larger ones have complete baths with showers and toilets.
Larger ones make great bird feeders.
Larger ones make tasty panfish.
Larger ones take much longer.
Many larger ones have a schoolground naturalization manual.
Larger openings are also easier to pull on and off.
Larger openings pass larger debris for trouble-free, continuous operation.
Larger openings permit children to place their head between the rails and get injured.
Larger operations are mostly in favor of the idea.
Larger operations can generate twice that amount.
Larger operations have more resources and are better able to extend the period of operations.
Larger operations require longer healing times.
Larger opportunities are possible.
Larger options are available if necessary.
Larger orders are slightly higher.
Larger orders are to be shipped via common carrier.
Larger orders bring additional miles.
Larger orders call for special shipping rates.
Larger orders can pay by check.
Larger orders can receive even greater discounts.
Larger orders cost less per pound to ship.
Larger orders earn a greater discount.
Larger orders enjoy much lower per-item shipping costs.
Larger orders get bigger discounts.
Larger orders qualify for bigger discounts.
Larger orders receive a discount.
Larger orders require either a cashiers check, money order, bank wire, or cleared personal check.
Larger orders require payment by cashier's check.
Larger organisations are more likely to find any free training particularly useful.
Larger organisations are particularly at risk including banks and insurance companies.
Larger organisations have whole departments working on the look, feel and placement of promotions.
Many larger organisations find multiple memberships worthwhile.
Larger organisms are made of many cells , and they are called multicellular organisms .
Larger organisms are made of many cells, and they are called multicellular organisms.
Larger organisms eat the small zooplankton.
Larger organisms have more cells than smaller organisms.
Larger organisms rely on smaller ones for food and sustenance.
Larger organisms tend to have longer life spans .
Larger organisms use a blood circulatory system to transport gases.
Larger organizations can easily suffer from the problem of multiple projects in different divisions.
Larger organizations can generally realize economies of scale.
Larger organizations report a higher percentage of how to questions than smaller ones.
Larger organizations require more interview sessions.
Larger organizations tend to have a more complex system.
Larger organizations tend to have many layers of management.
Larger organizations tend to specialize services.
Many larger organizations use human resource specialists to administer human resources matters.
Larger outlays are appropriate in high-speed networking, for example.
Larger oysters are probably females while the small ones are males.
Larger oysters produce more gametes than smaller oysters.
Larger packages are also available at even greater savings.
Larger packages are available on request.
Larger packages are available.
Larger pages are also available at low, low prices.
Larger pages are more popular.
Larger pages take more time to download.
Larger paintings are preferred, up to the size of a refrigerator door.
Larger panfish can evade fisherman much of the winter, but they turn on during the late ice season.
Larger paper allows children maximum use of arm movements.
Larger paper is available for other projects.
Larger papers employ an editorial writing staff composed of several men.
Larger papers have the ability to archive their text files in a fully searchable format.
Larger papers like to track promising beginners for a few years.
Larger parcels can take from two to three weeks to arrive.
Larger parcels tend to have higher land cover richness.
Larger parks have a visitor center where rangers dispense information about the park.
Larger parts can be quite expensive.
Larger parts pose the biggest shrinkage problem.
Larger particles are easier to handle and use and usually desirable.
Larger particles are easier to remove by filtration.
Larger particles are easier to remove by sedimentation.
Larger particles are ground and ejected back into the antrum.
Larger particles are less likely to make it deep in the lungs.
Larger particles are too heavy to remain suspended, so they fall to the bottom of the vessel.
Larger particles become trapped on the collar where they can be ingested by the phagocytosis.
Larger particles fall out as the dust crosses the Atlantic.
Larger particles have so much mass that no Brownian motion is observed.
Larger particles lag more and respond less to high frequency fluctuations.
Larger particles rain down on the surface.
Larger particles remain in chamber for further grinding.
Larger particles require more energy to be moved.
Larger particles sink to the bottom of the lake.
Larger particles tend to deposit mostly as dry deposition.
Any larger particle fails to travel well and simply lands in the mouth.
Larger partitions use larger clusters.
Larger parties are typically victorious.
Larger parties are welcome by special arrangement.
Larger parties can become dangerous.
Larger parties can occupy the entire house.
Larger passages produce greater power at high engine speeds.
Larger patients receive greater doses.
Larger patterns are easier to fold and cut out.
Larger pay raises.
Larger pearls are more valuable than smaller pearls.
Larger pearls are very common.
Larger pearls can take up to four years to develop.
Larger pens are better.
Larger people can use more.
Larger people have greater metabolic loads.
Larger people have large metabolic loads.
Larger people have larger metabolic loads.
Larger peptides require less reagent, increasing the number of reactions per kit.
Larger percentage increases on larger numbers attest to the robustness of our medium.
Larger perches attract both small and large birds.
Some larger periwinkles are found on mangrove trees, clinging on to roots, trunk and even leaves.
Larger pets can eat anywhere from one to two cloves a day.
Larger pets can eat as many as two cloves of garlic per day.
Larger pets can take a whole tablet.
Larger petals alternate with smaller ones, giving the bloom a somewhat square outline.
Larger photo allows for zooming in on objects.
Larger photo is HERE .
Larger photos are typically accessable as are more notations by selecting the appropriate photo.
Larger photos take a few minutes to download, so please be patient.
Larger photographs take up too much disk space anyway.
Larger pianos have three.
Larger picture contains component labels.
Larger pictures are available by clicking on the thumbnail picture for a given student.
Larger pictures are available by selecting one of the small images.
Larger pictures are often available in the log section.
Larger pictures give the reader a sense of being there.
Larger pictures show more detail and provide greater clarity.
Larger pieces are also better for the younger crowd because their attention spans are limited.
Larger pieces are at the top, and smaller pieces are at the bottom.
Larger pieces are available upon request.
Larger Pieces are available, some smaller parcels are also available.
Larger pieces are great in soups and teas.
Larger pieces are special order and are available.
Larger pieces can be expensive.
Larger pieces can be extraordinarily costly.
Larger pieces can be in edition sizes of ten to twenty-five pieces.
Larger pieces have steeper slopes.
Larger pieces make great table centerpiece.
Larger pieces penetrate to lower altitudes.
Larger pieces regenerate to form a complete worm without the protection of a cyst.
Larger pieces require delivery and set-up by the artist.
Larger pieces require longer periods.
Larger pieces require stone chisels and hammers which are designed to be more durable and effective.
Larger pigs are cooked in special ovens outdoors that are large enough to accommodate an entire hog.
Larger piles require a permit and there is a charge for permits for larger piles.
Larger piles tend to hold moisture better and decompose faster.
Larger pipe rolls up and over uneven terrain to leave a smooth, consistent surface.
Larger pipes drain waste and vent sewer gases.
Larger pits require heavier construction for walls and tops, adding to initial cost.
Larger pixels collect photons faster than small pixels.
Larger pixels create grainy, rough images.
Larger plans are also available.
Some larger plans make their formulary available on their Web site.
Larger planes have lower per-seat costs.
Larger planes have two aisles, and small ones have one.
Larger planets are farther from the sun.
Larger planets are simply much easier to see using the motion perturbation techniques.
Larger planets have stronger gravity, so can hold on to their atmosphere better so more erosion.
Larger planets tend to have more satellites, both large and small, than smaller planets.
Larger plants are better able to tolerate defoliation than smaller plants.
Larger plants are stepped up to larger sizes and grown on.
Larger plants can withstand higher populations but show reduced growth and yellowing.
Larger plants compete with smaller emerging plants.
Larger plants consume more water than seedlings.
Larger plants have greater access to shared resources, therefore they get bigger faster.
Larger plants have medium-pressure UV lamp systems.
Larger plants have two or three big main roots that spread far.
Larger plants make excellent accents for home decor.
Larger plants produce energy more cheaply than smaller plants, neither with ongoing costs for fuels.
Larger plants produce seeds within a few weeks.
Larger plants seem to better tolerate the shock associated with transplanting.
Larger plaques are available.
Larger plasmids tend to have lower copy numbers.
Larger plates make salad plates unnecessary.
Larger plates provide greater capacity to store electric charge.
Larger plates wobble more and thus produce larger sundogs.
Larger platters present a sort of trade-off when it comes to performance.
Larger plots are available.
Larger pods get tough, so be sure to keep okra harvested.
Larger poles look best with large rather than small windows.
Larger pomegranates are preferred, if only for yield.
Larger ponies can make outstanding mounts for children.
Larger population is considered better.
Larger populations mean their species have more potential survivors.
Larger populations occur in the mountains and coastal plain than in the Piedmont region.
Larger populations require more indirect methods of representation.
Larger populations tend to have a greater number of founder mutations but none very common.
Larger pores mean more permeability and increased oil flow.
Larger portions are available upon request at an additional charge.
Larger portions can intimidate a child.
Larger portions mean more calories.
Larger portraits are easier to identify and harder to duplicate.
Larger pots are quite expensive, so it pays to repair cracks.
Larger pots require less frequent watering.
Most larger powerboats use a crane.
Larger prawns are good grilled, deep-fried or barbecued.
Larger presses are available for printing multicolor.
Larger prey are less likely to be preyed upon, and larger predators are more likely to catch prey.
Larger prey is attacked on the run.
Larger prey is cached and revisited.
Larger prey is carried in the talons.
Larger prey is carried off in the talons.
Larger prey is carried to a feeding perch and torn apart before eating.
Larger prey is killed by suffocation or constriction before being swallowed.
Larger prints are also available upon request.
Larger prints are also available.
Larger prints are also possible.
Larger prints are available upon request.
Larger prints are available, as well.
Larger prints are usually better than smaller prints.
Larger prints require more pixels.
Larger problems require more space.
Larger producers have, undoubtedly, come out of the deal well.
Larger productions require production proposals.
Larger programs provide larger pools of qualified applicants to companies.
Larger programs tend to have larger class enrollments.
Larger programs tend towards complexity and are difficult to understand.
Larger projects are usually available in the summer months, but volunteers are needed year round.
Larger projects get preferred rates.
Larger projects require a principal spillway through the dike and a vegetated emergency spillway.
Larger projects require additional time.
Larger Projects Stretch the silk on a frame made of stretcher strips, and use silk tacks to hold.
Many larger projects require some type of reinforcing.
Larger proofs have to be created interactively.
Larger propellers attain higher efficiency in transmission of the drive.
Larger Properties are negotiable.
Larger properties have more rooms and more expansive facilities.
Larger properties pay proportionately higher based on land area.
Larger properties provide relatively higher tax base with minimal cost for services.
Larger proposals are for multi-year research.
Larger proteins elute fasters, thus have less time to spread due to diffusion.
Larger providers can scale their networks even further by pushing IP intelligence out to the edge.
Larger publications pay fees related to their regular word rate.
Larger publishers face an even more difficult task.
Larger publishers offer free e-mailed tables of contents.
Most larger publishers pay royalties based on the cover price.
Larger puzzles are harder to view.
Larger pythons can prey on animals as large as a house cat or a full-grown deer.
Larger quantities are available as well.
Larger quantities are available at a lower per ounce price.
Larger quantities are available at the discounts listed below.
Larger quantities are available by special order.
Larger quantities are available on request for bulk pricing.
Larger quantities are available upon request.
Larger quantities are available, please inquire.
Larger quantities are available.
Larger quantities are color balanced and cropped only.
Larger quantities are generally a loss because of the difficulty of drying.
Larger quantities are necessary for routine diagnostic procedures and for therapeutic purposes.
Larger quantities are negotiable.
Larger quantities are pressed, using a glass master.
Larger quantities call for quote.
Larger quantities can also be mixed and stored in an airtight container.
Larger quantities can be available in a week or two.
Larger quantities can be custom ground and sized.
Larger quantities can be special ordered.
Larger quantities can cause thin cidery flavor.
Larger quantities can induce hallucinations, drowsiness and other psychoactive effects.
Larger quantities can make a lamb sick or even kill it.
Larger quantities can result in more serious effects, such as seizures.
Larger quantities receive larger discounts.
Larger quantities require maceration and floatation.
Larger quantities result in larger stores.
Larger quantities result in reduced feed intake and gain, probably because of fiber content.
Larger quantities use the slide duplicates price.
Larger questions abound as well.
Larger questions are answered elsewhere.
Larger questions loom.
Larger quotas are available for a small fee.
Some larger races require yearly nominations starting when the mare is in foal.
Larger radii distributes stress uniformly.
Larger radius implies more resources invested in escaping from local minima.
Larger rainbows are available in the Black River.
Larger rainbows feed on fish.
Larger raindrops reflect light into more sharply defined bands of more brilliant colours.
Larger ranches are able to advertise and show there animals more often.
Larger range means faster calculation and less exact results.
Larger rattlesnakes are also obviously more dangerous than smaller ones.
Larger reactions occur about once per hundred vaccinees or less.
Larger reactions occur about once per hundred vaccinees.
Larger reactions occur in about one in a hundred vaccine recipients.
Larger receptions can also take over the adjoining tasting bar area.
Larger recoveries lead to more funding and faster promotion.
Larger reductions extend the scar from around the areola towards under the breast.
Larger references are familiar to many.
Larger rents boost the value of a property by increasing the cash flow an owner can expect.
Larger repairs are more costly, especially if the damaged pipe is in the street.
Larger reproductions are available on request and return policies are very reasonable.
Larger requests seem to have lower overheads and hence faster repaints.
Larger requests take longer to process.
Larger resistances resist the flow more strongly, producing smaller currents.
Larger resistors dissipate heat more effectively.
Many larger restrooms have three choice machines which also provide pantiliners.
Larger retailers keep databases on customers.
Larger retreats are for the serious minded only.
Larger revenues come from entering content to be input into the client's data processing systems.
Larger riders suffer more drag.
Larger rivets require greater air pressure.
Larger rocks are more difficult to hold in place.
Larger rocks are relatively rare, and the few that are present are partly buried by finer sediment.
Larger rocks broken off by sediment are called scree or talus.
Larger rocks form a ridge to the upper left, stretching across to the right.
Larger rocks make attractive edging along paths, or around irregular shaped beds.
Larger rocks work best when they are flat and smooth.
Larger rockfish eat fish such as sand lance, herring, and small rockfish, as well as crustaceans.
Larger rods permit more turns and more powerful telephone coils.
Larger rods pierce and cut thicker work, gouge cracks and heavy welds, and remove hardfacing.
Larger rodents leave their dens at particular times.
Larger room has king bed, gas fireplace, slanted ceilings, dormer windows.
Larger room has retracting roof and tile floors.
Larger rooms are available for group counseling.
Larger rooms are available with two double beds and a sleeper sofa.
Larger rooms are better for air circulation and less clutter gives more space for circulation.
Larger rooms are better with solo tracks or strings and synthesizer pads.
Larger rooms are ideal for groups or families.
Larger rooms are more expensive.
Larger rooms can handle more sound and allow for greater spacing of equipment.
Larger rooms can often accommodate an extra bed at a very reasonable price.
Larger rooms contain either a king size bed or twin beds.
Larger rooms have compact refrigerators and microwaves.
Larger rooms have king or queen beds, plus refrigerators.
Larger rooms have kitchenettes with microwaves.
Larger rooms have marble-lined bathrooms.
Larger rooms require a longer time to ozonate.
Some larger rooms have no balconies.
Larger safes cost more, and accessories like drawers and shelves can add to the bill.
Larger samples are better, because purification and distillation remove some matter.
Larger samples are better.
Larger samples are less inaccurate.
Larger samples are likely to produce statistically significant results.
Larger samples call for larger generator probes.
Larger samples equal better data.
Larger samples have smaller margins of error.
Larger samples provide greater power.
Larger samples reduce research error, but can be expensive, time-consuming, and often impractical.
Larger samples tend to yield better matches.
Larger savings are often economically feasible with small investments in equipment.
Larger scale allows cost savings which are ultimately passed on to the consumer.
Larger scales are also available.
Larger scales are just a matter of interpolation.
Larger scales are possible if devices like balloons or miniature aircraft are used.
Larger scans are available upon request.
Larger scenarios can be overwhelming.
Some larger scholarships are available for outstanding students.
Larger schools can do so for a few million dollars.
Larger schools don t have that luxury.
Larger schools facilitate partnership programs with universities, prevention programs, etc.
Larger schools offer a lot of things that smaller schools don t have the resources to offer.
Larger schools tend to have less fluctuation.
Larger schools tend to hire professional guards to do the job.
Larger sconces have two sockets, smaller sconces have one.
Larger scores indicate a larger problem in that area.
Larger scores indicate better performance.
Larger scores indicate greater speed in benchmark test results.
Larger scrapes mean large bucks and generally small scrapes mean first year bucks.
Larger screens are also available as are electric remotely controlled versions.
Larger screens require further strengthening of the LCD mount, which few vendors have done well.
Larger seats are more comfortable.
Some larger sections are sub-divided to facilitate loading.
Larger sediments are dropped in steep areas, but smaller sediments can still be carried.
Larger seed is covered one to two times as deep as the seed diameter.
Larger seeds are also an adaptation for growing in habitats subjected to sand burial.
Larger seeds germinate first and result in earlier marketable roots.
Larger seeds have special structures that aid the wind.
Larger seeds tend to produce more vigorous seedlings.
Larger seedlings are better able to cope with submergence, because of larger reserves.
Larger seedlings survive better because they have more roots.
Larger selection means higher buy rate.
Larger sensors offer higher resolution.
Larger sets are harder, and the larger the set the harder the game.
Larger settings cause the colored gradations to be wider, and more gradual.
Larger settings decrease download time, but also decrease image quality.
Larger setups are unique, designed for each venue.
Larger shapes encompass the major clusters of galaxies.
Larger sharks are more successful in capturing seals than smaller sharks.
Larger sharks feed mainly on bony fishes , especially ariid sea catfish and their eggs .
Larger sheets require special ground shipping.
Larger shells are several sticks' worth and can destroy a house.
Larger ships are less responsive than small ones.
Larger ships have several masts , with the size depending on the style of ship .
Larger ships have several masts, with the size depending on the style of ship.
Larger ships offer more shops, bigger public rooms, and more activities.
Larger ships work farther out.
Most larger ships have conference rooms comparable to large hotels.
Larger shipments are via common carrier.
Larger shops have traditional, wide-hulled dive boats.
Larger shrimp are worth more than small shrimp.
Larger signatures lead to more bandwidth required by syslog-sign.
Larger signatures mean less handling of pages, less work in assembling and thus less cost.
Some larger singles are available at a higher price.
Larger sites are available.
Larger sites are feasible for development.
Larger sites are jealous about spreading the traffic wealth.
Larger sites can benefit from our ability to deliver effective advertising with exceptional results.
Larger sites can earn more money.
Larger sites do better than smaller sites as a rule.
Larger sites have a wider variety of goods to sell and have better features built in.
Larger sites offer features that create full-scale communities oriented to finding a date.
Larger sites p.o.a.
Larger sites quote on request.
Most larger sites have affiliate programs.
Larger size allows a clearer presentation of materials.
Larger size allows for easy visibility and recognition.
Larger size allows quicker reference and improved shot consistency.
Larger size is acceptable as long as they are tightly coiled.
Larger size is correlated with lower mutation rates.
Larger size is good key.
Larger size makes it easier for bats to find.
Larger size means better plate presentation, better value.
Larger sizes are also available - please inquire regarding pricing.
Larger sizes are also available for a nominal charge.
Larger sizes are also available on request.
Larger sizes are also available, but colour and style selection are more restricted.
Larger sizes are also available.
Larger sizes are also possible.
Larger sizes are available - please inquire regarding pricing.
Larger sizes are available as custom orders.
Larger sizes are available as needed.
Larger sizes are available at a higher price.
Larger sizes are available by request.
Larger sizes are available by special order.
Larger sizes are available by special request .
Larger sizes are available call for details.
Larger sizes are available for larger diameter cleaning rods.
Larger sizes are available for local customers.
Larger sizes are available for some products.
Larger sizes are available for special order.
Larger sizes are available for the rest of the family.
Larger sizes are available on a quote only basis.
Larger sizes are available on most at special request.
Larger sizes are available on request.
Larger sizes are available on special order.
Larger sizes are available on special request.
Larger sizes are available separately.
Larger sizes are available through finger jointing and glued laminating techniques.
Larger sizes are available upon request for most patterns.
Larger sizes are available upon request.
Larger sizes are available, at a significantly higher cost.
Larger sizes are available, including hanging file kit .
Larger sizes are available, up to poster size.
Larger sizes are available.
Larger sizes are availiable.
Larger sizes are digital outputs.
Larger sizes are fiberglass reinforced for added strength.
Larger sizes are generally a bit harder to play, with breath and control.
Larger sizes are generally less critical and utilize bunched ferrite rods for improved water flow.
Larger sizes are good for sunbathing and general beach and pool usage where comfort is important.
Larger sizes are hand-tied with cotton thread.
Larger sizes are less abundant in the markets, so they are able to fetch a much better price.
Larger sizes are more difficult to handle and more expensive.
Larger sizes are often available from the manufacturer by special order.
Larger sizes are on the way.
Larger sizes are optionally available.
Larger sizes are possible with six legs.
Larger sizes are produced on special orders.
Larger sizes are significantly more expensive.
Larger sizes are slightly extra.
Larger sizes are special order.
Larger sizes can be field seamed by our technicians.
Larger sizes can be special ordered.
Larger sizes can lead to tripping and falling.
Larger sizes carry three year warranty.
Larger sizes have a pour spout.
Larger sizes have greater wall thickness to improve strength and resist bending.
Larger sizes have smaller numbers.
Larger sizes increase latency but protect against dropout.
Larger sizes reduce the amount of packaging, but smaller sizes reduce leftover waste.
Larger sizes translate to big packaging savings.
Larger sizes work well.
Larger sliders are more herbivorous than youngsters.
Larger snails are known to eliminate all plants in just a few days.
Larger snakes add amphibians, small rodents, nestling birds and fish to their diet.
Larger snakes take larger prey at less frequent intervals.
Larger snakes take more or larger prey at less frequent intervals.
Larger snakes take more or larger prey less frequently.
Larger snowballs are made by using a ball the size of a hand and rolling it on the ground .
Larger snowballs are made by using a ball the size of a hand and rolling it on the ground.
Larger snowflakes fall at higher temperatures while smaller snowflakes fall at lower temperatures.
Larger snowshoes provide better flotation, but the trade-off is less maneuverability.
Larger societies result from the aggregation and re-aggregation of smaller societies.
Larger sodas can have three times more calories.
Larger software requires larger teams and all the inefficiencies that larger teams entail.
Larger solutions are available.
Larger spaces are available on a monthly or annual subscription basis.
Larger spaces are available on request.
Larger spaces are available.
Larger spaces decrease, and smaller spaces increase, the concentration of carbon monoxide.
Larger speakers offer just the opposite traits.
Larger species are often carnivorous.
Larger species are popular in aquaculture and prized as a food source in many countries.
Larger species are restricted to the sub-antarctic islands and the Antarctic Peninsula.
Larger species can be much longer.
Larger species can eat small vertebrates .
Larger species can eat small vertebrates.
Larger species feed on the reefs, making oyster rocks prime fishing grounds.
Larger species glide along by muscular waves, usually over mucous beds secreted by special cells.
Larger species rely on frogs, toads, and salamanders.
Larger species take longer to hatch and to grow.
Larger species tend to be diurnal, or mostly active during the day.
Larger species tend to have greater numbers of secondaries.
Larger species tend to have higher survival rates.
Larger species tend to have more feathers than smaller species.
Larger species tend to oviposit in living branches or trunks.
Most larger species feed on fish or squids and other cephalopods.
Some larger species are known to feed on small rodents, frogs, and toads.
Some larger species are more often nocturnal.
Larger specimens are rare and are highly sought after.
Larger specimens can take tapirs and anacondas.
Larger specimens produce more eggs, but are often move reluctant to spawn.
Larger specimens tend to lose light spots under dorsal fin.
Larger spiders can find millions of web sites per day.
Many larger spiders find shelter in burrows they dig in the soil.
Larger spikelets can have three to four florets.
Larger spills require chemical intervention, which has serious environmental effects.
Larger spoons create large diameter fillets.
Larger spoons create more flash.
Larger spots are on the hindneck and wings, and the tail is barred.
Larger spots can become necrotic and reddish streaking and necrosis at leaf tips sometimes occurs.
Larger spots show concentric rings in the dark portion.
Larger squash have thicker strands.
Larger stalls are available.
Larger staplers are available for attaching roofing shingles and so forth.
Larger stars are Giants for even shorter lengths of time.
Larger stars burn out faster than the smaller ones such as the sun.
Larger stars burn their fuel faster.
Larger stars dot it prettily with open doubles.
Larger stars start their lives the same way, but end it much more spectacularly.
Larger states have biofeedback societies for local referrals.
Larger states have more law schools and therefore more law reviews.
Most larger states eclipse South Dakota in the sheer number of new jobs and new and expanded plants.
Some larger states do have some regional groups listed too.
Larger stations can have a fully redundant system.
Larger stations have segment producers in charge of specific stories or newscast segments.
Larger statues are more prestigious.
Larger stems are hollow between the nodes and mats are buoyant in water.
Larger stems make drying for hay more difficult than for sudangrasses.
Larger stones are more rare, and therefore tend to be more valuable.
Larger stones are prong set.
Larger stones are subject to a wider weight range.
Larger stones can require multi- ple treatments.
Larger stones have to be cut into slices before they can be cut into gemstones.
Larger stones have to be removed through surgery.
Larger stones make steeper slopes.
Most larger stones bear the names of the communities they represent.
Larger stores deserve larger discounts.
Larger stores employ directories, and wayfinding signage to get to various departments or floors.
Larger stores give an equivalent rate of exchange and take credit cards.
Larger stores have scanners able to spot bad checks.
Larger stores have training centres.
Larger stores incur additional fees.
Larger stores pay people more and offer more and better benefits.
Most larger stores accept credit cards and Eurochecks, while smaller shops prefer cash.
Some larger stores have maps of foreign countries too.
Larger storms cause significant changes in the quality of the runoff.
Larger structures are more robust than smaller structures.
Larger structures do exist, as shown by legal or educational structures and bureaucracies.
Larger structures require more time for data collection, solution, and refinement.
Larger structures require the most waterings.
Larger structures require the support of insulated pilings driven deep into the permafrost.
Larger studios face the problem of synchronizing all their digital equipment.
Larger studies are necessary to confirm the findings.
Larger studies are ongoing, so stay tuned.
Larger studies are presently under way.
Larger studies are underway at a number of centers.
Larger studies are underway.
Larger subjects require larger light tents.
Larger substrates require larger openings of the channel, which occur less frequently.
Larger suites have one and a half baths and smaller suites have one bathroom each.
Larger suites provide two-bedrtoom accommodatons, plus units sleeping up to ten adults.
Some larger suites have the bedroom separated from living room.
Larger supermarkets are generally cheaper.
Larger supplies are available.
Larger surgeries are best under general anesthesia.
Much larger swells come in past the reef creating good jumping and wave sailing conditions.
Larger switches tend to have silver contacts.
Larger symbols represent individuals that survived the natural transplant experiment.
Larger systems are able to spread the costs they incur over a larger customer base.
Larger systems are already in the laboratory stage or planned.
Larger systems are also available on request.
Larger systems are also slower than smaller systems when memory is scarce.
Larger systems are available for larger households.
Larger systems are available for scaling up.
Larger systems are available in either Metric or English markings.
Larger systems are available which employ a multiple of eight stations.
Larger systems are available.
Larger systems are even faster.
Larger systems are likely to have a little better low frequency response.
Larger systems are more bureaucratic and rule-bound.
Larger systems are much more efficient and lower cost.
Larger systems have more operators.
Larger systems have problems with fertilizer in the lines - flushing and precipitation questions.
Larger systems implies more bugs.
Larger systems require multiple take off points.
Larger systems tend to use bureaucratized procedures, including criminal record checks.
Larger tables decrease the dispersion effect around the upper perimeter of the stone.
Larger tadpoles are dark brown with speckling.
Larger tanks are actually less demanding to maintain than the small tanks .
Larger tanks are also available.
Larger tanks are easier to care of.
Larger tanks are easier to maintain.
Larger tanks require larger chiller units.
Larger tanks require thicker material.
Larger tanks require two or more pottles.
Larger tanks tend to provide hot water with less temperature fluctuation at moderate flow rates.
Larger tattoos are more visible, more colorful, more detailed and yes more expensive.
Larger taxis exist, but they are normally only available by ordering in advance.
Larger tears are likely to require professional repair services.
Larger tears require open surgery.
Larger telescopes allow observewrs to see fainter objects.
Larger telescopes bring two advantages.
Larger telescopes can see the black dust band near the galaxy's center.
Larger telescopes can spot a tiny dim star cluster nearby.
Larger telescopes cost more money, but so do high-end CCD cameras.
Larger telescopes give brighter images.
Larger telescopes have an advantage as well.
Larger telescopes reveal a looped shape.
Larger telescopes reveal divisions between the rings.
Many larger temples have smaller temples or hermitages in the surrounding hills.
Larger tenants are in a more advantageous position.
Larger tenants can specify some areas with drop ceilings and others as cathedral.
Most larger terns fly with wingbeats slow enough to be counted.
Larger territories increase breeding opportunities for males.
Larger territory is correlated with bigger animals and sparseness of prey.
Larger text can cause the text to overlap the images.
Larger text is helpful for section headings.
Larger text is more readable as headlines and subheadings and smaller sizing for text.
Larger themes acquire new meaning in the autobiographical perspective.
Larger thickness is also possible and is done for aesthetic reasons.
Larger things can hang at eye-level or above.
Larger tiles are also available, and some have a wavy surface for added dimension .
Larger tiles tend to look better in large areas and the opposite is true for the smaller tiles.
Larger tins are available by special order.
Larger tips increase the volume, smaller tips decrease the volume.
Larger tires are better.
Larger tires are more prevalent today, which means more rubber to be disposed of.
Larger tires increase turning radius.
Larger tires require lifts to provide sufficient clearance.
Larger toads eat everything from insects to other amphibians, to mice and fish.
Larger tops are usually too awkward to joint the edges to remove saw marks.
Larger tortoises can have a good bite, though.
Larger towns favor debauchery and miniching murder.
Larger towns have clinical centres or hospitals.
Larger towns have more than one Parish.
Larger towns have shorter area codes allowing longer subscriber numbers in that area.
Larger towns have specialists.
Many larger towns consist of several locations.
Larger toys use welded chain.
Larger tracks avaialbe.
Larger tracts are also available.
Larger tractors can do some things much faster than smaller ones.
Larger transactions require less financial information than conventional lending.
Larger transactions require the bank's approval before funds are withdrawn from clients' accounts.
Larger transfers are more efficient.
Larger transformers are provided with high-voltage insulated bushings made of polymers or porcelain.
Larger transformers cost more.
Many larger transformers require specific wiring arrangements.
Larger transplants tend to become intertwined and break during handling.
Larger trees appear as the campsites run westerly.
Larger trees are abound around the falls, an ideal place for recreation.
Larger trees are easy to feed with fertilizer in a stake form.
Larger trees are less susceptible to attack but are sometimes heavily damaged.
Larger trees are more difficult to train and establish.
Larger trees are to be removed and donated to local Indian tribes.
Larger trees can grow along better drained river valleys where the depth to permafrost is greater.
Larger trees can have more than one tap.
Larger trees can hold more than one tap.
Larger trees can support several taps.
Larger trees cost a lot more and can be a lot of bother.
Larger trees have a higher probability of selection.
Larger trees have larger leaf surface areas, resulting in larger spruce budworm populations.
Larger trees have thicker bark to protect the cambium and needles are higher above the heat source.
Larger trees require more solution.
Larger trees tolerate light to moderate infestations without apparent serious effects.
Larger trials demonstrate the practicality and value of using biosolids.
Larger trucks increase the risk of rolling over and jackknifing.
Larger trucks pay higher fees.
Larger trusts warrant an institutional trustee, costs and all.
Larger tubs are sometimes wax-coated, which can extend their life to three or four seasons.
Larger tubes house larger animals with more gametes than do smaller ones.
Larger tubers give the grower a dilemma.
Larger tubing allows water flow without friction loss.
Larger tumors are more likely to be malignant.
Larger tumors behave more aggressively than smaller tumors.
Larger tumors can compress the brain itself.
Larger tumors require more extensive treatment but cure is still possible.
Larger tumours are more likely to be excised and skin grafted as necessary.
Larger tumours are more likely to have metastasised to axillary lymph nodes than smaller ones.
Larger tunas yield a better percentage.
Larger turkeys have more meat in relation to the amount of bone and cartilage.
Larger turtles can break skin.
Some larger types eat fish, small crustaceans and insects.
Larger units are also available.
Larger units are available as custom equipment .
Larger units are available as custom orders.
Larger units are available at regular display ad rates.
Larger units are available for larger volume, commercial applications.
Larger units are available if required.
Larger units are available in base mount configurations.
Larger units are available upon request.
Larger Units are available upon request.
Larger Units are available, please inquire.
Larger units are available.
Larger units are custom designed to support pneumatic conveying appli cations.
Larger units are even more expensive.
Larger units are generally custom built.
Larger units are the portable evaporative cooler units for greenhouses and general space cooling .
Larger units are to include the manufacturers standard installation kit.
Larger units flow more air, freeing up performance.
Larger units have a longer life.
Larger units have a microwave.
Larger units have fireplaces and dishwashers.
Larger units have hose reels.
Larger units have kitchen, and living area.
Larger units have microwaves and trash compactors.
Larger units incorporate fully adjustable bearings.
Larger units sleep up to four with queen, double-sized beds.
Larger units supply the gym, cafeteria, and other spaces.
Larger units use discharge lamp s for a brighter beam.
Larger units use more electricity and take up more space.
Many larger units have private whirlpool tubs.
Some larger units are possible in the eastern parts of the zones and at higher elevations.
Larger universities say that small and private schools have nothing to worry about.
Most larger universities have a main library and smaller, more specialized branch libraries.
Larger urns are available upon request.
Larger users can purchase discounted licenses for remote store locations.
Larger utilities scan twice a year.
Larger vacuoles encircling neurons, vessels, and glia are a possible processing artifact.
Larger values allow more spread out clusters.
Larger values are better.
Larger values are OK as well.
Larger values are possible, but be aware of the growth of the swaptab table.
Larger values are preferred.
Larger values blur the image to a greater extent.
Larger values can decrease the running time but with a reduction in layout quality.
Larger values can give a jagged appearance to the effect.
Larger values can increase performance but use more memory.
Larger values cover smaller angles, and objects appear larger.
Larger values create bigger brushes.
Larger values give higher weights.
Larger values give larger bulbs.
Larger values give more accurate and smoother potential.
Larger values give more accurate results but slower rendering.
Larger values give more information.
Larger values give too little structure at high redshift.
Larger values gives pipes with a loud fundamental and weak higher harmonics in relative terms.
Larger values have a higher rank .
Larger values have larger densities and a much sharper image although print speed reduces as well.
Larger values imply a scrolling list.
Larger values imply greater importance.
Larger values imply greater risk.
Larger values imply higher preference, smaller values imply lower.
Larger values imply more shrinkage or a more concentrated prior for the regresion coefficients.
Larger values improve performance at the expense of memory.
Larger values improve performance in multiuser systems.
Larger values increase the scale.
Larger values indicate better performance.
Larger values indicate greater vibration.
Larger values indicate oxidation of the coal.
Larger values indicate riskier investments.
Larger values make it easier for the user to find the drop target.
Larger values make the texture pixels smaller.
Larger values mean it paints longer lines before it begins to fade.
Larger values mean longer spikes radiating from a pixel.
Larger values mean more data but can saturate the system on faster networks.
Larger values mean more major iterations.
Larger values mean shallower trees, less memory usage, but worse performance.
Larger values means that the optimizer runs longer before the 'good enough' criteria is satisfied.
Larger values place more space between cell text and borders.
Larger values place more space between the table cells.
Larger values produce larger files but better quality.
Larger values produce lighter, less saturated colors.
Larger values represent higher magnifications.
Larger values represent higher priorities.
Larger values require a larger shared pool.
Larger values result in better performance at the cost of higher memory use.
Larger values result in longer execution times.
Larger values result in more dithering, smaller values result in less dithering.
Larger values result in more sharpening.
Larger values result in more verbose messages.
Larger values result in reduced sensitivity and take longer to process.
Larger values scale from fuzzy particle clouds to total disintegration of the image.
Larger values yield greater perspective distortion.
All larger values are in the right subtree.
Much larger values are cited in the lit- erature, but they appear to be of questionable validity.
Larger variations including special duty configurations are under investigation.
Larger varieties are dried in halves, without the kernel .
Larger vegetables are next.
Larger vehicles are also available on request.
Larger vehicles are available including luxury coaches.
Larger vehicles take precedence over smaller ones at all times.
Larger veins remain green.
Larger vendors have better selection and lower prices.
Larger vents mean less contact area to spread force of blow.
Larger venues require purchaser to provide larger sound system and operator.
Larger venules accompany the arteriolar branches as they leave the lymph nodes.
Larger versions are also available.
Larger versions are available - just click on the images.
Larger versions are available by clicking on preview .
Larger versions are available by clicking the thumbnails below.
Larger versions are available for all of the images.
Larger versions are available for some images.
Larger versions are available on request.
Larger versions are available.
Larger versions carried in vans can destroy targets a at a few hundred meters.
Larger versions exist for large kettles.
Larger versions exist that hold more water.
Larger versions go by the name of pocket gophers. . .
Larger vertebrates help shape the microtopography of soil landscapes.
Larger vessels are available for dockside tours.
Larger vessels can approach the island at only one well-known place.
Larger vessels go to one of the four anchorages available at New London.
Larger vessels have a boatswain or head seaman.
Larger vessels have a bridge, with a command console at the centre and a further co-pilot chair.
Larger vessels have a higher risk of forming brown spots or lines when treated.
Most larger vessels come with radios installed.
Larger villages have full transcription and index.
Most larger villages has food stores, though.
Larger visitors are in for an impossible squeeze.
Larger visor offers maximum protection.
Larger vocabularies make it easier to communicate.
Larger volatility is associated with less liquidity and higher price impacts.
Larger volume increases rate of the learning curve.
Larger volume means more headspace for ice and a cooler that stays colder longer.
Larger volumes are necessary in the leg eg.
Larger volumes can help protect the worms from adverse conditions and predators.
Larger volumes make the services provided by professional printers more cost effective.
Some larger warts require laser treatment, electrocoagulation or surgical excision.
Larger waves break on the offshore bars leaving very small waves to wash ashore.
Larger waves carry more energy.
Larger waves develop, white foam from breaking waves begins to be blown.
Larger waves form, whitecaps prevalent, spray.
Larger waves hold greater volumes of water and thus lose a smaller percentage into the sand.
Larger waves move sand from the coastal sand dunes off into the ocean.
Larger waves require long duration winds to build.
Larger weights are available.
Larger weights are for use on larger horns or on cattle whose horns require drastic changes.
Larger weights are higher.
Larger wetlands have the capability of providing homes to many wildlife species.
Larger wheels are necessary to handle the speed.
Larger wheels distribute weight and roll more easily.
Larger wheels operate on regular shafts with flanges.
Larger wheels roll better over cracks and rocks but are heavier and accelerate more slowly.
Larger wheels seem to retain speed better than small ones, but they also accelerate a little slower.
Larger wildlife includes white-tailed deer, moose, elk, beaver, coyote and black bear.
Larger winches use two gears to drive drums.
Larger windows require more storage.
Larger windows yield mazes with more rooms.
Larger wineries cool warm fruit with large refrigeration systems.
Some larger wineries stack full barrels six high.
Larger wire makes the link more tall .
Larger wires are less flexible, but withstand abrasion better.
Larger women have problems with the chest straps and the arm holes on BCs.
Larger wood goes on the bottom and the kindling on the top.
Larger workers live longer than smaller ones.
Larger yachts are better equipped for open, rougher, unprotected waters.
Larger yachts have their entrance route north of the breakwater, while smaller crafts south of it.
Some larger yachts have a base price and expenses such as food, fuel, bar and dockage are extra.
Larger yards can be home for rabbits and squirrels.
Larger yields have lesser reliabilities.
Larger zippers tend to be sturdier.
Larger zones have more buoys so that the lines are easy to understand.
Larger zooplankton are important food for forage fish species and larval stages of all fish.
Larger zygotes have greater chance of surviving because they have more stored food reserves.
Largest acreage is in hardwood and pine forest.
Largest advantage is that they are adjustable from behind the eyepiece.
Largest amount is retained when it snows.
Largest anomalies are near the central coast.
Largest anomalies are near the southern coast.
Largest area is Philadelphia.
Largest bead ca.
Largest change occurs for condition B, where change is twice the original momentum.
Largest city is Birmingham.
Largest city is Phoenix.
Largest critter determines the beginning rate.
Largest customers are China, Egypt and Morocco.
Largest employers are service industries, manufacturing and retailing.
Largest exporters are Northern Ireland and Belgium.
Largest faction is based in Syria.
Largest file is Big island Hawaii.
Largest fireworks show west of the Mississippi.
Largest fish are usually loners.
Largest fish means, fish weighing the most pounds.
Largest flights occur along south shore of Lake Erie, usually during or preceeding full moon.
Largest group is six skiers.
Largest groups are from Massachusetts, New Jersey, Connecticut, and North Carolina.
Largest hotels wheelchair accessible.
Largest importers are the U.S., Japan and Germany.
Largest infestations are in southwestern North Dakota.
Largest island is Bahrain.
Largest lesion shows blood clot on site of punch biopsy.
Largest map is approx.
Largest numbers occur during years of mild weather and little snow cover.
Largest pancake is approximately four feet across.
Largest populations inhabit southern and eastern Africa.
Largest populations occur in semi-open habitats or where openings occur in forests.
Largest producers are Hawaii, Malaysia, Brazil, Ghana, Mexico, Philippines, in that order.
Largest producers are the lakes of the Northwest Territories, Manitoba, Saskatchewan, and Alberta.
Largest production comes from the lakes of northern Saskatchewan and the Northwest Territories.
Largest representation is North America, next is Europe.
Largest section is an arrangement, by country, of solo voice literature.
Largest sector contains links to regional population organizations.
Largest sites are on the Gila River, which also has highest flows.
Largest size accommodates cans with insulator sleeves, soda and wine bottles.
Largest tom is mounted using a clamp and holder.
Every largish city has music stores that carry piano music.
Largish values are useful for rejecting obvious artefacts such as hot pixels or cosmic rays.
A largo is a piece
A largo is passage
Largo also provides a full service citywide recycling program.
Largo gets the gate opened to allow sharks into the pool.
Largo has the distance runners.
Largo is a case study of how sheer determination succeeds.
Largo is a community of pride, history, community spirit and perseverance.
Largo is a very familar and beautiful piece that requires a middle intermediate level of technique.
Largo is home to some of the most beautiful beaches in the world.
Largo is hooked on first-persons, shoot 'em ups, one on one battles and lots of beer.
Largo is in the Tampa Bay area.
Largo is less than a day's drive from all major Florida cities.
Largo plans to double the volume in the next two years.
Largo plans to stay in government for at least three years.
Largo requires a four-year degree.
Largos are musical compositions.
Largos are passage.
Larids are very social, highly vocal birds that mostly nest in colonies.
A lark is an oriole
Larks are birds.
Larks cope more easily with Early shifts.
Larks eat both insects and grass seeds.
Larks fly by . . .
Larks flying high and singing long predict fine, warm weather.
Larks sing and rise or hop along over path.
Larks tend to walk along the ground instead of hopping.
Larkspur agents lots homes for sale building agents Larkspur real estate.
Larkspur flowers are a bit smaller, but come in the same wonderful colors as delphiniums.
Larkspur spikes can easily be air-dried.
Larkspur students score among the highest in the state.
A larkspur is a delphinium
Larkspur are deep royal blue and cluster along a two to three foot stem.
Larkspur grows best in cool weather.
Larkspur is a very flat, spikey kind of flower.
Larkspur is an old garden favorite for providing tall, spiky effects in the garden.
Larkspur is home to a variety of restaurants and two movie theaters, as well as a shopping plaza.
Larkspur is named for the resemblence of the flower to the spur on the foot of a lark.
Larkspur is primarily a problem in western ranges, especially with cattle.
Larkspur is toxic to the beetles, so plant some nearby.
Larkspur is very easy to grow producing tall heavily flowered spikes in a broad range of colors.
Larkspur make a great splash of blue the roses are blooming again.
Larkspur needs light to germinate.
Larkspur needs some shade and a well-drained, fertile soil.
Larkspur remains in bloom around Soda Lake.
Larkspur toxins Larkspurs contain potent alkaloid neurotoxins.
Larkspurs are common, with epilobium, senecio, erigeron, and a few solidagos.
Larkspurs are delphiniums.
Larkspurs are excellent cut flowers both fresh and dried.
Larkspurs have daintier flower spikes with fewer florets and fine, more deeply cut leaves.
Larkspurs kill more cattle in the United States yearly than all other poisonous plants combined.
More larkspur is placed into the design as shown in the photograph.
LARP facilitators move to a different group for each discussion period.
Larva are brick red with black legs and head.
Larva are filter feeders on plant and other decaying deris under water.
Larva are pale gray and sluglike and pupate in leaf litter.
Larva are parasitic on solitary bees.
Larva are present in colors cream, olive, yellow, black and red most often.
Larva are slug like and covered with a black mucous and fecal matter covering.
Larva are small and green with black heads.
Larva are very small when newly hatched and grow to size slightly longer than the adult.
Larva attach themselves to a hard surface and grow into miniature polyps.
Larva can be some time re-emerge and migrate in the eye.
Larva develop into adults that reside in the liver tissue and bile ducts.
Larva develops as ectoparasite.
Larva digs into bottom of stream and filter feeds through a long larval stage.
Larva eats small holes in leaves and buds.
Larva hatches two days after oviposition by the adult.
Larva is a shallow sapwood borer and bark miner.
Larva is bilateral, then one side grows faster than the other.
Larva is dark brown with yellowish back blotches and a yellow side stripe.
Larva is fed on a diet known as royal jelly for initial two days.
Larva is legless and found on stems or roots of legumes or some other field crops.
Larva isa animal.
Larva isa beast.
Larva isa creature.
Larva lacks ability to jet-propel.
Larva like to feed in tree tops.
Larva looks like typical fish with eyes on both sides of head.
Larva metamorphose into adults, breed, and then die.
Larva move very little for the first week.
Larva recalls the mask.
Larva wears the mask voluntarily, often taking it off.
Larvae acquire energy.
Larvae attack fruit.
Larvae avoid sunlight.
Larvae become adult insects.
Larvae become grubs.
Larvae become hosts.
Larvae become insects.
Larvae become pests.
Larvae become pupas.
Larvae become severe pests.
Larvae benefit from life.
Larvae change body shapes.
Larvae change into pupas.
Larvae change shapes.
Larvae come to surfaces.
Larvae come to water surfaces.
Larvae complete development.
Larvae consume amounts.
Larvae consume fly pupas.
Larvae consume foliage.
Larvae consume food particles.
Larvae consume food.
Larvae consume fruit.
Larvae consume leaves.
Larvae consume materials.
Larvae consume nutrients.
Larvae consume particles.
Larvae consume plants.
Larvae consume pupas.
Larvae consume solid food particles.
Larvae consume solid particles.
Larvae develop into animals.
Larvae develop into mature animals.
Larvae develop into worms.
Larvae develop mouths.
Larvae develop patterns.
Larvae dig soil.
Larvae digest cellulose.
Larvae digest digestive enzymes.
Larvae digest enzymes.
Larvae digest proteins.
Larvae eat food.
Larvae eat large millipedes.
Larvae eat millipedes.
Larvae eat plant roots.
Larvae eat prey.
Larvae eat roots.
Larvae emerge from eggs.
Larvae enter abdominal cavities.
Larvae enter body cavities.
Larvae enter burrows.
Larvae enter cavities.
Larvae enter dormant states.
Larvae enter environments.
Larvae enter hosts.
Larvae enter pupa stages.
Larvae enter soil.
Larvae enter stages.
Larvae enter states.
Larvae exhibit characteristics.
Larvae feed on aquatic insects.
Larvae feed on bacteria.
Larvae feed on body fluid.
Larvae feed on fluid.
Larvae feed on fruit.
Larvae feed on gardens.
Larvae feed on hawthorn fruit.
Larvae feed on insects.
Larvae feed on internal leaf tissue.
Larvae feed on internal tissue.
Larvae feed on leaf tissue.
Larvae feed on materials.
Larvae feed on matter.
Larvae feed on organic materials.
Larvae feed on organic matter.
Larvae feed on other insects.
Larvae feed on particulate matter.
Larvae feed on plankton.
Larvae feed on plant materials.
Larvae feed on plants.
Larvae feed on protozoans.
Larvae feed on scale insects.
Larvae feed on small insects.
Larvae feed on tissue.
Larvae feed on zooplankton.
Larvae feed upon foliage.
Larvae get planulas.
Larvae go through complex metamorphosis.
Larvae go through development.
Larvae go through different stages.
Larvae go through maturation stages.
Larvae go through metamorphosis.
Larvae go through several stages.
Larvae go through stages.
Larvae graze on leaves.
Larvae grow into adults.
Larvae grow into polyp stages.
Larvae grow into pupa stages.
Larvae grow into stages.
Larvae grow to full size.
Larvae grow to size.
Larvae have (part) brains.
Larvae have (part) cell membranes.
Larvae have (part) cells.
Larvae have (part) corpi.
Larvae have (part) cytoplasm.
Larvae have (part) ears.
Larvae have (part) faces.
Larvae have (part) heads.
Larvae have (part) nuclei.
Larvae have (part) plasma membranes.
Larvae have (part) sections.
Larvae have (part) skulls.
Larvae have (part) vacuoles.
Larvae have ability.
Larvae have appearances.
Larvae have appetite.
Larvae have backs.
Larvae have bite mouthparts.
Larvae have blood hemoglobins.
Larvae have chew mouthparts.
Larvae have chordate features.
Larvae have cilia.
Larvae have contain hemoglobins.
Larvae have development.
Larvae have dispersal potential.
Larvae have epidermises.
Larvae have features.
Larvae have fundamental similarity.
Larvae have good places.
Larvae have guts.
Larvae have habits.
Larvae have heads.
Larvae have hemoglobins.
Larvae have high dispersal potential.
Larvae have high potential.
Larvae have incredible appetite.
Larvae have jaws.
Larvae have large jaws.
Larvae have large mouths.
Larvae have life.
Larvae have many features.
Larvae have metamorphosis.
Larvae have mouthparts.
Larvae have mouths.
Larvae have places.
Larvae have potential.
Larvae have ravenous appetite.
Larvae have sacs.
Larvae have similarity.
Larvae have small mouths.
Larvae have small point heads.
Larvae have strong mouthparts.
Larvae have wrinkly appearances.
Larvae have yolk sacs.
Larvae inhabit areas.
Larvae inhabit different environments.
Larvae inhabit environments.
Larvae inhabit nest areas.
Larvae leave host plants.
Larvae leave plants.
Larvae live in temperature.
Larvae live in water.
Larvae look like ant larvae.
Larvae look like larvae.
Larvae look like worms.
Larvae make cocoons.
Larvae may have ability.
Larvae need air.
Larvae obtain water.
Larvae pass through stages.
Larvae possess ability.
Larvae possess bodies.
Larvae possess chew mouthparts.
Larvae possess compound eyes.
Larvae possess defensive ability.
Larvae possess eyes.
Larvae possess feet.
Larvae possess glands.
Larvae possess mouthparts.
Larvae possess receptors.
Larvae possess sensory receptors.
Larvae range in ages.
Larvae reach adulthood.
Larvae reach length.
Larvae reach metamorphosis.
Larvae receive food.
Larvae receive sufficient food.
Larvae require chemical stimuli.
Larvae require food.
Larvae require fresh water.
Larvae require run water.
Larvae require shallow water.
Larvae require specific stimuli.
Larvae require stimuli.
Larvae require water.
Larvae resemble caterpillars.
Larvae resemble larvae.
Larvae resemble midge larvae.
Larvae resemble tadpole larvae.
Larvae resemble worms.
Larvae seek locations.
Larvae shed exoskeletons.
Larvae show better overall performance.
Larvae show better performance.
Larvae show growth.
Larvae show optimum performance.
Larvae show overall performance.
Larvae show performance.
Larvae show rapid growth.
Larvae stay in places.
Larvae survive conditions.
Larvae survive expanses.
Larvae survive transformation.
Larvae swim in oceans.
Larvae thrive in environments.
Larvae to search for food.
Larvae transform into pupas.
Larvae turn into pupas.
Larvae undergo complete metamorphosis.
Larvae undergo complete transformation.
Larvae undergo development.
Larvae undergo dramatic metamorphosis.
Larvae undergo metamorphosis.
Larvae undergo rapid transformation.
Larvae undergo transformation.
Larvae use chew mouthparts.
Larvae use mouthparts.
Larvas are animals.
Larvas are invertebrates.
Most larva can only digest a specific type of plant foliage.
Most larvae enter burrows.
Most larvae have backs.
Most larvae have fundamental similarity.
Most larvae have ravenous appetite.
Most larvae have strong mouthparts.
Some larva are more accommodating than others, and practice helps.
Some larvae are active in transient waters such as floodwater, ditches and woodland pools.
Some larvae develop basic types.
Some larvae develop in tissue.
Some larvae develop into adult tapeworms.
Some larvae develop into hosts.
Some larvae develop into juvenile snails.
Some larvae develop into pupas.
Some larvae develop into queens.
Some larvae develop into snails.
Some larvae develop into tapeworms.
Some larvae develop skin.
Some larvae develop warty skin.
Some larvae eat aquatic insects.
Some larvae eat diets.
Some larvae eat dungs.
Some larvae eat meat.
Some larvae eat microscopic animals.
Some larvae eat other insects.
Some larvae eat other small insects.
Some larvae eat paralyze cicadas.
Some larvae eat plankton.
Some larvae eat plants.
Some larvae eat pollen.
Some larvae eat pupas.
Some larvae eat shed skin.
Some larvae eat small aquatic insects.
Some larvae eat small insects.
Some larvae eat water fleas.
Some larvae eat wood.
Some larvae enter bile ducts.
Some larvae enter bloodstreams.
Some larvae enter brains.
Some larvae enter ducts.
Some larvae enter fungi.
Some larvae enter mouths.
Some larvae enter plants.
Some larvae enter skin.
Some larvae enter tissue.
Some larvae exist in areas.
Some larvae find food.
Some larvae gain considerable weight.
Some larvae go through phases.
Some larvae have oil globules.
Some larvae live on animals.
Some larvae look like adults.
Some larvae look like leaves.
Some larvae look like mealworms.
Some larvae look like thin leaves.
Some larvae make small cases to hide in out of sticks, leaves, sand, or pebbles.
Some larvae occupy similar habitats.
Some larvae reach certain ages.
Some larvae reach certain developmental stages.
Some larvae reach certain stages.
Some larvae reach full size.
Some larvae reach late stages.
Some larvae remain under the females, which die after the eggs are deposited.
Some larvae require daily maintenance.
Some larvae require maintenance.
Some larvae seek protection.
Some larvae spend the winter in the mud of swamps.
Some larvae spend two or three winters within the cocoons before they pupate and emerge as adults.
Some larvae starve to death.
Some larvae survive to adulthood.
Some larvae use tidal current.
A larvacean is a chordate
Larvaceans are primitive chordates related to tunicates .
Larvaceans are tunicates.
Larvaceans form mucus nets to collect tiny planktonic food particles.
Larvaceans rebuild their house every day.
Most larvaceans are hermaphrodites.
All larvae are born with six legs.
All larvae are grazers, feeding on the periphytic films covering submerged substrates.
All larvae are predacious, feeding on gastropods, earthworms and other soft-bodied invertebrates.
All larvae are reared in the laboratory on mixtures of unicellular algae.
All larvae have a dark stripe on each side of the head.
All larvae have two rows of dark spots on each side of their bodies.
Many larvae often hatch out in close proximity to one another.
Many larvae are black or gray with orange or yellow markings.
Many larvae have, in addition, several pairs of leglike appendages called struts, or prolegs.
Many larvae lack the lipid layer seen in the adults.
Many larvae use silk to make cocoons or shelters.
Most larvae develop patterns.
Most larvae feed upon foliage.
Most larvae have appearances.
Most larvae have features.
Most larvae have hemoglobins.
Most larvae possess defensive ability.
Most larvae show better overall performance.
Most larvae show better performance.
Most larvae turn into pupas.
Most larvae vary from pinkish-white to yellowish to light brown.
Some larvae absorb oxygen.
Some larvae are adept at avoiding such latex cells.
Some larvae are aquatic, others live only partly in water.
Some larvae are commensals and breed in the detritus of the nests of leaf cutting ants.
Some larvae are covered with hairs , or other body extensions .
Some larvae are covered with hairs, or other body extensions.
Some larvae are drawn by currents towards the Gulf of Mexico.
Some larvae are dull, others appear glassy.
Some larvae are eaten by birds.
Some larvae are eaten by sheep.
Some larvae are inside water.
Some larvae are pests of sugar-cane and palm trees.
Some larvae avoid light.
Some larvae avoid predators.
Some larvae bear into fruit.
Some larvae bear into stems.
Some larvae bear little resemblance.
Some larvae become adults.
Some larvae become bees.
Some larvae become cannibalistic.
Some larvae become food.
Some larvae become mosquitoes.
Some larvae become nuisances.
Some larvae become nymph.
Some larvae become sterile female workers.
Some larvae become sterile workers.
Some larvae become workers.
Some larvae become worms.
Some larvae become zooplankton.
Some larvae burrow into ears.
Some larvae burrow into skin.
Some larvae can have impact.
Some larvae can have significant impact.
Some larvae can survive in very poor-quality or acidic water.
Some larvae cause allergic reaction.
Some larvae cause considerable damage.
Some larvae cause crop damage.
Some larvae cause damage by chewing tiny holes in the upper leaves.
Some larvae cause damage.
Some larvae cause death.
Some larvae cause reaction.
Some larvae cause serious damage.
Some larvae cause severe damage.
Some larvae cause significant damage.
Some larvae cause ulcer.
Some larvae communicate with ants by producing sounds.
Some larvae compete for food.
Some larvae construct cases.
Some larvae construct chambers.
Some larvae construct dwelling chambers out of smeared mud.
Some larvae consume aquatic insects.
Some larvae consume orange yolks.
Some larvae consume other insects.
Some larvae contain nutrients.
Some larvae crawl out of mouths.
Some larvae crawl out of skin.
Some larvae develop jaws.
Some larvae develop survival.
Some larvae develop types.
Some larvae do damage.
Some larvae emerge from cases.
Some larvae emerge from hibernation.
Some larvae emerge from mines.
Some larvae enter animals.
Some larvae enter bays.
Some larvae fall into streams.
Some larvae feed on aphids.
Some larvae feed on bee bread.
Some larvae feed on bread.
Some larvae feed on bud flowers.
Some larvae feed on buds.
Some larvae feed on bugs.
Some larvae feed on capsules.
Some larvae feed on caterpillars.
Some larvae feed on cicadas.
Some larvae feed on clover.
Some larvae feed on dead wood.
Some larvae feed on debris.
Some larvae feed on decay wood.
Some larvae feed on diets.
Some larvae feed on earthworms.
Some larvae feed on fabric or stored grains.
Some larvae feed on flower buds.
Some larvae feed on flowers.
Some larvae feed on fly pupas.
Some larvae feed on foliage.
Some larvae feed on grubs.
Some larvae feed on hosts.
Some larvae feed on larvae.
Some larvae feed on leaves.
Some larvae feed on lice.
Some larvae feed on mangos.
Some larvae feed on manure.
Some larvae feed on microorganisms.
Some larvae feed on microscopic particles.
Some larvae feed on milkweeds.
Some larvae feed on mites.
Some larvae feed on organic debris.
Some larvae feed on organic particles.
Some larvae feed on paralyze cicadas.
Some larvae feed on particles.
Some larvae feed on plant lice.
Some larvae feed on pupas.
Some larvae feed on rinds.
Some larvae feed on secretion.
Some larvae feed on seeds.
Some larvae feed on shrubs.
Some larvae feed on soup.
Some larvae feed on surfaces.
Some larvae feed on tarantulas.
Some larvae feed on tree shrubs.
Some larvae feed on trees.
Some larvae feed on white grubs.
Some larvae feed on wood.
Some larvae feed upon earthworms.
Some larvae feed upon leaves.
Some larvae feel vibration.
Some larvae has-part mouthparts.
Some larvae have a pinkish tinge.
Some larvae have abdomens.
Some larvae have adhesive disks.
Some larvae have anatomies.
Some larvae have bacteria.
Some larvae have bands.
Some larvae have bilateral symmetry.
Some larvae have broad host ranges.
Some larvae have broad ranges.
Some larvae have cases.
Some larvae have caterpillars.
Some larvae have chances.
Some larvae have chemicals.
Some larvae have cirrus.
Some larvae have color.
Some larvae have compound eyes.
Some larvae have cuticles.
Some larvae have cylindrical shapes.
Some larvae have defensive chemicals.
Some larvae have discs.
Some larvae have disks.
Some larvae have enlarge abdomens.
Some larvae have eyes.
Some larvae have filament.
Some larvae have fins.
Some larvae have glands.
Some larvae have globules.
Some larvae have horns.
Some larvae have legs.
Some larvae have light.
Some larvae have limbs.
Some larvae have limits.
Some larvae have long filament.
Some larvae have long legs.
Some larvae have many natural predators.
Some larvae have meals.
Some larvae have modification.
Some larvae have natural predators.
Some larvae have notochords.
Some larvae have organs.
Some larvae have parasites.
Some larvae have pelvic fins.
Some larvae have photic organs.
Some larvae have plasma.
Some larvae have predators.
Some larvae have protective sheaths.
Some larvae have ranges.
Some larvae have same color.
Some larvae have shapes.
Some larvae have sheaths.
Some larvae have shells.
Some larvae have short arms.
Some larvae have short legs.
Some larvae have sides.
Some larvae have specks.
Some larvae have spiracles.
Some larvae have spots.
Some larvae have symmetry.
Some larvae have tails.
Some larvae have teeth.
Some larvae have tentacles.
Some larvae have thin shells.
Some larvae have time limits.
Some larvae have tips.
Some larvae have types.
Some larvae have wart-like dorsal or lateral humps on the first abdominal segment.
Some larvae have wings.
Some larvae increase intake.
Some larvae infect dogs.
Some larvae inhabit locations.
Some larvae inhabit mud.
Some larvae invade dermal tissue.
Some larvae invade limbs.
Some larvae invade normal skin.
Some larvae kill develop embryos.
Some larvae kill sheep.
Some larvae kill spiders.
Some larvae leave burrows.
Some larvae leave hosts.
Some larvae live in bottoms.
Some larvae live in intestines.
Some larvae live in pigs.
Some larvae live in places.
Some larvae live in stumps.
Some larvae live in tunnels.
Some larvae live in underground tunnels, and others bore into wood.
Some larvae live in underground tunnels.
Some larvae make bark.
Some larvae make sound.
Some larvae make up food.
Some larvae mature after one summer in the pond, but others overwinter in the mud.
Some larvae migrate through livers.
Some larvae migrate through skin.
Some larvae migrate to body organs.
Some larvae migrate to human intestines.
Some larvae migrate to intestines.
Some larvae migrate to large intestines.
Some larvae migrate to livers.
Some larvae migrate to lungs.
Some larvae migrate to mouthparts.
Some larvae migrate to muscles.
Some larvae migrate to organs.
Some larvae migrate to pharynxs.
Some larvae migrate to proboscises.
Some larvae migrate to skin surfaces.
Some larvae migrate to somatic tissue.
Some larvae migrate to surfaces.
Some larvae migrate to the small intestines and others migrate to the unborn pups.
Some larvae migrate to tissue.
Some larvae move from locations.
Some larvae move to soil surfaces.
Some larvae move to surfaces.
Some larvae occur during weeks.
Some larvae pass through alimentary canals.
Some larvae pass through canals.
Some larvae penetrate human skin.
Some larvae produce saliva.
Some larvae provide nutrients.
Some larvae pupate in the fruit cluster where they have fed.
Some larvae reach ages.
Some larvae reach developmental stages.
Some larvae reach infective stages.
Some larvae reach maturity.
Some larvae reach maximum size.
Some larvae reach size.
Some larvae reach stages.
Some larvae rely on current.
Some larvae remain mothers.
Some larvae reside in centers.
Some larvae respond to warmth.
Some larvae retain skin.
Some larvae settle on beds.
Some larvae settle on sea beds.
Some larvae show diversity.
Some larvae show normal responses.
Some larvae show responses.
Some larvae sink to environments.
Some larvae spin a loose, silken cocoon in which to pupate.
Some larvae suck blood.
Some larvae suck enough blood.
Some larvae survive for months.
Some larvae survive for several months.
Some larvae survive for weeks.
Some larvae survive sea ice.
Some larvae swim in sea.
Some larvae swim to surfaces.
Some larvae swim to water surfaces.
Some larvae transform into adult beetles.
Some larvae transform into adult fleas.
Some larvae transform into beetles.
Some larvae transform into fleas.
Some larvae transmit pathogen.
Some larvae use cilia.
Some larvae use current.
Some larvae use gills.
Some larvae use light.
Some larvae use mandibles.
Some larvae wander off the host plant and are often found on adjacent buildings.
Larval activity is affected by soil temperature and moisture conditions.
Larval amphibians feed on algas.
Most larval amphibians feed on algas.
Some larval amphibians have hemoglobins.
Larval anurans are an important prey assemblage found in both kinds of ponds.
Some larval bees develop into adults.
Some larval beetles live in grain.
Larval behavior is also important in determining settlement rate.
Larval behavior is especially intriguing with feeding dependent on prey size and availability.
Larval burrows occur within a few inches of the water's edge.
Larval clams can attach to vegetation, floating debris for long distance dispersal.
Larval collection is slightly more difficult.
Larval color is dependent on the color of the food substrate.
Larval coloration ranges from brown to green to pink.
Larval counts are good indicators of future populations of adult mosquitoes.
Larval crawlers insert their mouthparts into a leaf and start forming a shell.
Larval damage can reduce the amount of water and nutrients supplied to plants, thus impacting yield.
Larval damage is similar to that of eastern tent caterpillar.
Larval damage is usually only slight and often goes unnoticed.
Larval death induces an inflammation that results in corneal opacification and neovascularization.
Some larval density has consequences.
Some larval density has life history consequences.
Larval development is also temperature-dependent.
Larval development is complete by fall.
Larval development is completed in the bays in five to six months.
Larval development is hypermetamorphic, with four distinct phases.
Larval development lasts about a month.
Larval development lasts one month after which it pupates.
Larval development occurs by molting the outer skin.
Larval development occurs in coastal waters.
Larval development takes months.
Larval development takes over a month.
Larval development takes place entirely within the egg shell.
Larval development takes place entirely within the gelatinous egg shell.
Larval development takes places.
Larval development takes weeks.
Larval development takes years.
Larval development varies in length with temperature and type of food material.
Most larval development takes months.
Most larval development takes places.
Most larval development takes weeks.
Most larval development takes years.
Larval diets improve immature survival.
Larval diets improve survival.
Most larval diets improve immature survival.
Most larval diets improve survival.
Larval dispersal is described by a dispersal matrix.
Larval dispersal reveals regional sources and sinks in the Great Barrier Reef.
Larval distribution is affected by the wind and currents.
Larval dragonflies are the water-dwelling form.
Larval dragonflies combine ventilation of gill surfaces with locomotion.
Larval duration varies with temperature and host.
Most larval echinoderms have bilateral symmetry.
Larval fireflies live only in clean rivers.
Larval fireflies look like small worms and crawl about on the ground.
Larval fish are cool and very little studied in streams, mostly because they are hard to identify.
Larval fish eat zooplankton.
Larval fish live in shallow water.
Larval fish live in water.
Larval fish tend to enter areas of low dissolved oxygen to escape predation from larger fish.
Most larval fish eat zooplankton.
Most larval fish live in shallow water.
Most larval fish live in water.
Larval flies have a variety of common names, such as wriggler and maggot.
Larval food is a white fungus that grows on the gallery walls.
Larval food is harvested from the carboys.
Larval food meets requirements.
Some larval food consists of secretion.
Larval forceps are soft forceps designed for handling soft bodied specimens.
Larval forms are more sensitive than adults, especially to cold water temperatures.
Larval forms are of importance because they often indicate degrees of relationships between phyla.
Larval forms are white with a distinct greenish or pinkish tinge and have a light-brown head.
Larval forms resemble the shape of adults but are smaller, paler in colour and lack wings.
Larval galleries end with pupal cells where larvae pupate.
Larval galleries leave the main tunnel and radiate out across the grain.
Larval galleries score the sapwood.
Larval growth is related to egg and hatchling size.
Larval growth is very slow during autumn and winter.
Larval growth is very slow through the autumn and winter.
Larval growth shows patterns.
Most larval growth shows patterns.
Larval grub makes several changes of form in snail.
Larval grub makes several changes of form while in snail.
Larval habits are diverse.
Larval habits range from phytophagy to parasitism.
Larval habitats have water.
Most larval habitats have water.
Larval hatching is synchronous.
Larval herring are elongated, transparent and entirely lacking scales.
Some larval hookworms penetrate skin.
Larval host plants may have characteristics.
Larval lampreys are filter feeders, capable of improving water quality as they inhale nutrients.
Larval life is divided into instars, separated by molts.
Larval lifestyles seem to be fairly similar across the board.
Larval management is the key to mosquito control.
Larval mines are roughly perpendicular to the egg gallery.
Larval mining causes conspicuous white blotches on the leaflets, which typically are comma-shaped.
Larval mosquitoes develop in standing water whereas the adults can fly and only the females bite.
Larval neuroblasts show a high frequency of chromosome breakage and instability.
Larval parasites are most common, but eggs, pupae, and adults are targets, too.
Larval parasites cause diseases.
Most larval parasites cause diseases.
Larval patches do seem to have their advantages.
Larval periwinkles disperse on the tide and float in the water column for several weeks.
Larval phase includes several stages.
Larval plants may have characteristics.
Larval requirements are more diverse.
Larval requirements can be quite specific and vary widely.
Larval salamanders look much like their parents except that they have gills.
Some larval salamanders occur at density.
Larval silk is often responsible for blockages in flour chutes and machinery.
Most larval species possess an elongated siphon or an air tube.
Larval stage is characterized by soft, elongated body with bumps on the skin.
Larval stage is the longest stage in development of the Hercules beetle.
Larval stage looks nothing like the adult.
Larval stages are aquatic, benthic, sedentary or sessile.
Larval stages are found in the open water of bays and estuaries.
Larval stages are maggots which crawl on the leaf surface in search of aphid prey.
Larval stages are particularly vulnerable.
Larval stages can most likely be found at shallower depths, then later move to deeper waters.
Larval stages concentrate on feeding and growth.
Larval stages develop and reproduce in the internal organs of the snail.
Larval stages developing in the submucosa are responsible.
Larval stages extend upto three months and the pupal period for nearly three months.
Larval stages feed on the roots and tubers of plants.
Larval stages last for weeks.
Larval stages last from few months.
Larval stages last from months.
Larval stages serve as food for fish in the aquatic habitat.
All larval stages resemble each other, except each is larger than the preceding one.
Some larval stages have legs.
Some larval stages take places.
Larval structures are broken down and totally reorganized to form an adult butterfly.
Many larval sturgeon are eaten as they drift down river.
Larval surveillance is carried out by visual inspection of containers and by dipping.
Larval surveillance is labor-intensive but requires only very simple equipment and lab space.
Larval survival is poor in the prostrate stems of non-flowering plants.
Larval survival results in insect pressure.
Larval survival results in lower pressure.
Larval survival results in pressure.
Some larval survival depends on humidity.
Some larval survival depends on relative humidity.
Larval tapeworms are common in the organs and body cavity of many fishes.
Larval tapeworms form cysts on or in the internal organs or in the body cavity.
Larval ticks hatch from the eggs in late summer.
Larval ticks pick up the bacteria when they take blood from infected mice.
Larval trematodes occur in the intestine.
Larval tunicates are free swimmers and possess all four chordate characteristics.
Larval tunicates differ from adults in all but one of the following ways.
Larval tunnels are shallow with frequent openings to the outer bark, where red frass accumulates.
Larval tunnels extend throughout the infested fruit.
Larval tunnels weaken branches and disrupt the vascular system of infested trees.
Larval vision is limited and poor.
Some larval worms cause deformities.
A larvicide is a chemical
Larvicides are applied directly to water sources that hold mosquito eggs, larvae or pupae.
Larvicides are chemicals or natural bacteria that can be applied to kill mosquito larvae.
Larvicides are chemicals.
Larvicides are products used to kill immature mosquitoes before they become adults.
Larvicides block the digestive tracks of the larvae and they subsequently starve and die.
Larvicides kill mosquitoes when they are larvae.
Larvicides work by killing the larvae while they are in the water.
Most larvicides used today are relatively safe to non-targets.
Laryngeal cancer can occur in numerous locations in the throat.
Laryngeal cancer is four times more common in men than women.
Laryngeal cancer is the term given to a malignant tumor of the larynx, or voice box.
Most laryngeal cancers are squamous cell carcinomas, and the most common site is the glottis.
Laryngeal diphtheria is an unlikely diagnosis for several reasons.
Laryngeal edema is common, and it is the major cause of death.
Laryngeal electromyography is an assessment of the electrical activity of the laryngeal muscles.
Laryngeal electromyography is used if further evaluation is needed.
Laryngeal involvement can lead to hoarseness and upper airway obstruction.
Laryngeal involvement is uncommon.
Laryngeal oedema develops from direct thermal injury leading to early loss of the airway.
Laryngeal oedema is the most serious manifestation of angio-oedema.
Laryngeal papilloma are growths on the larynx caused by a viral infection.
Laryngeal paralysis can be an emergency situation if the dog is unable to breathe.
Laryngeal paralysis can occur in cats.
Laryngeal stimulation produces a choking type of cough without a preceding inspiration.
Laryngeal webs are webs of tissue within the larynx which partially block the air channel.
A larynx is a structure
A larynx is an organ
Larynx becomes painful to the touch, sawing respiration.
Larynx isa body part.
Larynx isa organ.
Larynxes generate sound.
Larynxes have (part) corpi.
Larynxes have (part) ground substances.
Larynxes have (part) lobes.
Larynxes have (part) thyroid cartilages.
Larynxes produce sound.
Larynxes produce vocal sound.
Every larynx has an optimal pitch level depending on individual factors.
Most larynxes generate sound.
Most larynxes produce sound.
Most larynxes produce vocal sound.
Lasagna code is used to describe software that has a simple, understandable, and layered structure.
A lasagna is pasta
Lasagna improves with age.
Lasagna isa nourishment.
Lasagna isa sustenance.
Lasagnas have (part) sauces.
Lasagnas have (part) sections.
Some lasagnas have sauces.
A lasagne is pasta
Lasagne are broad, flat noodles used to make the dish known as lasagna.
Lasallian students take one four credit course in the honors program each semester.
Lasco vessels navigate in all seas and oceans and they can be found in all ports of the world.
Laser ablation followed by intralesional steroid injectlons is helpful sometimes.
Laser ablation is preferavle to cryotherapy on the cervix because of less potential stenosis.
Laser ablation uses short pulses of high peak power to rapidly heat and vaporize a sample.
Laser altimeter waveform measurement of vegetation canopy structure.
Laser altimeters have a small footprint on the planet's surface.
A laser beam is a ray
Laser beams are also ideal for use in space for satellite communications systems.
Laser beams are always visible by themselves.
Laser beams are beams.
Laser beams are easily visible in space.
Laser beams are hazardous.
Laser beams are light waves.
Laser beams are parallel rays of light - they'll go very far at the same intensity.
Laser beams are very dazzling when projected through fog or smoke.
Laser beams are visible in vacuum.
Laser beams can create beams of protons.
Laser beams can generate and detect acoustic waves.
Laser beams crisscross atomized oil feedstocks.
Laser beams crisscross the board, and lasers are also mounted on each robot.
Laser beams range in power from a few microwatts to several billion watts in short bursts.
Laser beams result from the emission of energy from atoms to form of electromagnetic waves.
Laser beams use a lower heat input, but higher intensity than an electron beam.
Some laser beams are invisible, producing light in the infrared or ultraviolet wavelengths.
Some laser beams can cause injury to the eye, burn the skin or start fires in the laboratory.
Some laser beams pass through materials.
Some laser beams pass through optical materials.
Some laser beams spread only a few centimeters over a distance of one kilometer.
Laser cannons are fast-firing, but they slow considerably when linked.
Laser canons are big.
Laser classification gives an indication to their degree of hazard.
Laser communication offers new options for future satellite communications system suppliers.
Laser crystals are also ideal for joining up the crystals within a crystal mandala.
Laser cut ensures precise aperture size.
Laser Cutting can produce parts with a level of accuracy impossible to obtain with hand made parts.
Laser cutting enables the shape of the wood to be determined by computer programming.
Laser cutting is easily and precisely controlled by computer.
Laser cutting is far more cost effective than the traditional methods of fabrication.
Laser cutting is good on darker wood but typically leaves a burned edge on lighter woods.
Laser cutting is significantly faster than conventional mechanical sawing.
Laser cutting is very popular with film special effects companies and theme park design companies.
Laser cutting produces a precise and polished edge quickly with low maintenance.
Laser cutting provides ultra-smooth edges.
Laser cutting requires protection from accidental eye contact with the beam or beam reflections.
Laser diodes are also extremely static sensitive, so use appropriate precautions.
Laser diodes are an increasingly important part of today's consumer electronics products.
Laser diodes are desirable due to their compact nature and high power.
Laser diodes are devices the convert electric currents into light that is then amplified by a laser.
Laser diodes are diodes.
Laser diodes are often very difficult to buy in small quantities from reputable suppliers.
Laser diodes are rather fussy.
Most laser diodes used in communication systems fall in that category.
Laser discs are completely different beasts.
Laser Discs are currently unavailable.
Laser Discs are large, heavy, and fragile.
Laser Discs offer high sound and video quality.
Laser discs can also be difficult to obtain particularly in a timely manner.
Laser disks are very good for biology when the teacher has no models in the classroom.
Laser display shows typically require high power lasers to produce visible patterns.
Laser drilling is another possible area of interest.
Laser dyes can expose operators to toxic contaminants when maintenance procedures are performed.
Many laser dyes are hazardous.
Laser fusion catches fire.
Laser fusion comes into the open . . . and takes another step.
Laser fusion joins the fiber directly to the lens, a further step toward the perfect collimator.
Laser glasses Improves the visibility of the laser beam in bright light conditions.
Laser guidance has advantages over other laser-based manipulation techniques such as laser tweezers.
Laser guns attached to a GPS receiver can do offsets to hard to reach features.
Laser guns blaze.
Laser gyros have no moving parts to wear out.
Laser ignition is automatic.
Laser levels project a beam in a circular plane through a rotating prism.
Laser light activates the microtransponder, which transmits an RF identification signal.
Laser light can be coherent light.
Laser light can cause eye damage.
Laser light can cause severe eye damage.
Laser light can selectively penetrate tissue and activate glue inside an incision.
Laser light carries sound or other data through the optical fibers in fiber optic cables.
Laser light contains a lot of energy.
Laser light enters the chamber through two conical rings of five beam ports.
Laser light enters the sensor and is split into two arms, one sensing and one reference.
Laser light has a single wavelength that is focused in a narrow beam.
Laser light has an advantage when it comes to focusing atoms on the nanometer scale.
Laser light has an important property known as coherence.
Laser light has been adds an ultimate effect at any event.
Laser light has several properties that make it different from regular light.
Laser light has several properties that, together, make lasers useful.
Laser light is a convenient way of transporting both electric and magnetic fields.
Laser light is a special kind of beam of light.
Laser light is a. chaotic.
Laser light is acheived by using laser diods and allow better penetration of the laser light.
Laser light is coherent.
Laser light is collimated because all of the rays are parallel to each other.
Laser light is compared and contrasted with ordinary white light.
Laser light is contained in an optical fiber because of internal reflection.
Laser light is converted into heat when it is absorbed by melanin.
Laser light is directed and controlled precisely and delivered in brief, intense pulses.
Laser light is directed into a vial or flow cell containing media from the suspension.
Laser light is directional, meaning that all the light emitted is going in one direction only.
Laser light is effectively monochromatic.
Laser light is focused onto the back of a cantilever that ends with a nanometre-scale tip.
Laser light is high powered, directional, coherent, and has a double wavelength.
Laser light is highly directional, in a tight beam.
Laser light is made up of only one color of light concentrated into a narrow band of frequencies.
Laser light is monochromatic, that is, the light is of single color or wavelength.
Laser light is of a single wavelength - all the energy works together and in one direction.
Laser light is produced by passing electrical energy through a lasing medium.
Laser light is projected along the sides of a triangle.
Laser light is quite different for a few reasons.
Laser light is quite different in that all the light is directed the same way.
Laser light is reflected differently from burned tissue than from normal tissue.
Laser light is reflected from the test surface.
Laser light is returned from the object and interferes, producing a speckle pattern image.
Laser light is static, like the light emitted from a standard bulb.
Laser light is the most advanced technology of recent times.
Laser light is the standard example of a monospectral light.
Laser light is the standard example of mono-spectral light.
Laser light is used for pattern visualization.
Laser light is used to close veins and reattach the retina to the eye wall.
Laser light is used to determine food textures and quality.
Laser light is within the normal visible, or near visible, light spectrum.
Laser light passes through extremely thin hollow tubes without losing intensity or changing color.
Laser light passes through the skin until it hits the tattoo pigment, which it then breaks up.
Laser light reflects off window glass, carrying with it vibrations from noise inside the room.
Laser light shows feature laser beams that are bounced off mirrors.
Laser light shows seasonally.
Laser light shows that encroach on airports have a serious impact on safety.
Laser light shows, astronomy and space exploration.
Laser light shows, laser displays, laser special effects, and entertainment incorporating lasers.
Laser light shows.
Laser light stays coherent over vast distances, the beams spreading very little.
Laser light travels as a parallel beam and spreads very little.
Laser light travels in synchronized, matching waves of a single precise color.
Laser light travels through a fiberoptic tube much like water running through a hose.
Laser lights are dangerous and can cause serious injury, especially to the eyes.
Laser lights bounce off walls hard bodies.
Laser marking is also available.
Laser marking is performed by using a power laser to burn markings into a part's casing.
Laser marking is performed while the two layer patch is drying.
Laser microphones can pick up conversations from vibrations on glass, even from the ice in a drink.
Laser modes display .
Laser paper is acceptable as long as there are no photos, or tones.
Laser photocoagulation can benefit many patients with proliferative retinopathy.
Laser photocoagulation can prevent hemorrhage from new vessels.
Laser photocoagulation can seal the leaks, but at the cost of damaging more retinal area.
Laser photocoagulation can stop the blood vessels from leaking and make new blood vessels shrink.
Laser photocoagulation is also the primary treatment for proliferative diabetic retinopathy.
Laser photocoagulation is an additional treatment of non-perfused retinal areas.
Laser photocoagulation is one of the most common treatments for diabetic retinopathy.
Laser photocoagulation is performed to stabilize vision and halt progression of vision loss.
Laser photocoagulation is the main way that diabetic retinopathy is treated.
Laser photocoagulation is the main way that the wet form of macular degeneration is treated.
Laser photocoagulation is used to seal the blood vessels and restore vision.
Laser pointer causes retinal injury with loss of vision.
Laser pointers are also available in the office.
Laser pointers are located in demonstrations.
Laser pointers are one of the greatest myths of meeting lore.
Laser pointers are the latest menace to emerge from technology.
Laser pointers are useful for both indoor and outdoor use.
Laser pointers are valuable tools for adult speakers.
Laser pointers can cause a serious distraction from a performance.
Laser pointers serve no useful purpose for children.
Laser pointers work well on front projection screens only.
Laser print is acceptable as long as it is on paper that meets the qualifications listed above.
Laser prints are preferable.
Laser prints are proofread, corrected, and sent to each author along with editors' queries.
Laser prints are still the standard.
Laser prints made directly from color slides are inexpensive, easy to mount poster elements.
A laser printer is an electrostatic printer
Laser printer costs ten cents per page.
Laser printer is preferred.
Laser printer is used for printing legal documents and normally used in office.
Laser printers are a bit different.
Laser printers are a definite yes.
Laser printers are accessible from all workstations.
Laser printers are also available for high quality text output.
Laser printers are also available for printing in both highlight color and full color.
Laser printers are also available for student use.
Laser printers are also available in black and white or color models.
Laser printers are also available to aid the production of theses etc.
Laser printers are also available to all graduate students for thesis and publication needs.
Laser printers are also available, free of charge.
Laser printers are also available.
Laser printers are also in most locations.
Laser printers are also more expensive.
Laser printers are also very inexpensive and provide an excellent alternative.
Laser printers are available at all branches.
Laser printers are available for all of the above software applications.
Laser printers are available for course work in the computer room.
Laser printers are available for printing.
Laser printers are available for professional quality work.
Laser printers are available for student use as well.
Laser printers are available for student use at both facilities.
Laser printers are available in all labs.
Laser printers are available in all three computer labs.
Laser printers are available in campus computer labs and libraries.
Laser printers are available in each lab for final copies of papers and reports.
Laser printers are available in each lab.
Laser printers are available in the labs.
Laser printers are available to provide printed copies of work.
Laser printers are available, free of charge.
Laser printers are available, with a fee per page charge, in most labs.
Laser printers are available.
Laser printers are better equipped for high volume printing.
Laser printers are complex devices that require caution when troubleshooting.
Laser printers are computer hardware.
Laser printers are computer printers.
Laser printers are costly, but offer greater speed and print quality than other printers.
Laser printers are definitely much faster.
Laser printers are faster, higher quality, and more expensive.
Laser printers are faster, provide crisper printouts, and better suited for high volume printing.
Laser printers are generally faster than inkjet, and their resolution is better.
Laser printers are generally more expensive but produce faster and crisper printouts.
Laser printers are generally more expensive but produce faster printouts.
Laser printers are generally quiet but can be on the noisy side sometimes with the larger printers.
Laser printers are great for printing volume and usually work nicely for office environments.
Laser printers are in use with all library computers.
Laser printers are more expensive than inkjet printers, and are of a higher quality.
Laser printers are more expensive.
Laser printers are much more costly to supply and maintain than dot matrix printers.
Laser printers are only necessary if the user needs a fast nearly type set printer.
Laser printers are our only business.
Laser printers are page printers, printing a complete page at a time.
Laser printers are preferable.
Laser printers are preferred.
Laser printers are printers.
Laser printers are quick, offer high-quality printing, and can be very quiet.
Laser printers are quieter than solid ink printers and print documents faster.
Laser printers are really very simple devices.
Laser printers are relatively fast and quiet and produce sharp, high-quality text and graphics.
Laser printers are the most expensive, but produce the best quality, and are fast and quiet.
Laser printers are the preferred printing option.
Laser printers are the very highest quality.
Laser printers are usually a better choice.
Laser printers are usually cheaper in the long run, because the per-page costs are generally less.
Laser printers are usually faster and produce better quality, but are significantly more expensive.
Laser printers are very fast and can achieve extremely high print quality.
Laser Printers Call to confirm today's best price, discounts and availability.
Laser printers can be very fast with very high quality print.
Laser printers can literalize their pursuit.
Laser printers can print text, forms and graphics and barcode mail simultaneously.
Laser printers can produce a good grade of typeset documents.
Laser printers can produce the cheapest output, perhaps as low as three cents a page.
Laser printers can run out of memory when printing graphics.
Laser printers combine speed with sharp output.
Laser printers consume a great deal of energy.
Laser printers cost more up front, but are faster, render better quality and cost less in the end.
Laser printers cost more.
Laser printers deliver the lowest cost per printed page of any output device.
Laser printers deposit granules of finely ground carbon on the paper.
Laser printers do a better job with fewer complications, but often cost more.
Laser printers do have other disadvantages.
Laser printers eliminate film and plates.
Laser printers furnish students with high quality output.
Laser printers get their name from the way they form images on paper.
Laser printers give still better results of course.
Laser printers have extremely good quality and speed.
Laser printers have two factors, which affect the quality of output.
Laser printers make it dangerously easy to put too much information in too little space.
Laser printers offer an extremely fast and crisp image replication system.
Laser printers prefer a higher class of paper for best results.
Laser printers print black and white with very high quality.
Laser printers print readable bar codes efficiently.
Laser printers produce text and graphics that are very clean and crisp.
Laser printers produce the best copy, but most inkjet printers also work fine.
Laser printers produce the best result.
Laser printers produce the best results.
Laser printers produce very high quality text and graphics.
Laser printers provide high-quality output that resembles typed or typeset text.
Laser printers provide high-quality printing.
Laser printers provide the best print quality.
Laser printers provide the best quality lettering from a computer.
Laser printers provide users with high-quality printed output.
Laser printers require four passes so they take longer.
Laser printers require more energy than inkjet or deskjet printers.
Laser printers run much faster because they use lasers to print.
Laser printers run well with standard bond paper that is acceptable for copy machines.
Laser printers tend to be more durable.
Laser printers tend to stretch paper as it travels through the printer.
Laser printers transfer tiny particles of toner onto the paper.
Laser printers use a dry powder called toner.
Laser printers use a much larger cartridge that contains a powdery toner.
Laser printers use a primary corona wire to charge the drum.
Laser printers use a separate small computer, as well as a laser and toner, to produce an image.
Laser printers use a toner cartridge and drum, the same kind that photocopiers use.
Laser printers use a toner-based product similar to standard black and white laser printers.
Laser printers use an optical imaging system.
Laser printers use heat to fuse the ink to the printing medium.
Laser printers use laser technology, very much like copier technology, to transfer toner onto paper.
Laser printers use the same heat sensitive ink as photocopiers, and can be used in the same manner.
Laser printers use the same technology as duplicating machines.
Laser printers use toner cartridges that vary in cost and in the number of pages they'll print.
Laser printers work on a different principle which is similar to a photocopying machine.
Laser printers work the best.
Many laser printers are available today with built-in Postscript at a reasonable price.
Many laser printers are capable of producing camera-ready output.
Many laser printers store an entire page before printing.
Many laser printers use different types of drums.
Most laser printers can also print on thin cardboard directly.
Most laser printers consume several hundred watts while idle in order to keep the fuser warm.
Most laser printers print in monochrome, though there are a few models that can print in color.
Most laser printers provide error messages when they malfunction.
Most laser printers use a multi-pass system for laying down color ink.
Some laser printers can also produce color output.
Some laser printers have a long cycle up time to print the first page.
Some laser printers have a serious problem printing TeX output.
Some laser printers require more RAM to operate efficiently.
Laser printing has fewer such issues.
Laser printing is a new technology that uses a four-color process to reproduce images.
Laser printing is accessible from all computers, and a color flatbed scanner is also available.
Laser printing is also available for a fee.
Laser printing is also available for a nominal charge.
Laser printing is also available for a small fee per page.
Laser printing is also available free of charge.
Laser printing is also available in all the labs.
Laser printing is also available to all lab computers.
Laser printing is also available.
Laser printing is available at either site.
Laser printing is available at no cost.
Laser printing is available at the labs for academic purposes.
Laser printing is available for a minimal charge.
Laser printing is available for a small charge.
Laser printing is available for both platforms in the Library and in other locations on campus.
Laser printing is available for both the computer lab and classroom.
Laser printing is available for fifteen cents per page.
Laser printing is available for music manuscripts.
Laser printing is available from all computers and is provided at no charge.
Laser printing is available from all labs.
Laser printing is available from all PCs in the library.
Laser printing is available from all supported software.
Laser printing is available in all five locations.
Laser printing is available in all labs.
Laser printing is available in all the labs.
Laser printing is available in each area.
Laser printing is available in each computer lab.
Laser printing is available in each of the labs.
Laser printing is available in other labs for a small charge per page.
Laser printing is available in the lab.
Laser printing is available in the labs on campus.
Laser printing is available on-site, with a small charge to recover costs.
Laser printing is available to all lab computers.
Laser printing is available to students for a modest, per-page charge.
Laser printing is available to students for a per-page charge.
Laser printing is available whenever computer labs are open for card access.
Laser printing is available.
Laser printing is best, although typewritten originals or high-quality copies are okay.
Laser printing is faster, quieter, and generally more reliable than line flow printing.
Laser printing is free for Macalester students.
Laser printing is freely available to students.
Laser printing is limited to only one copy per person.
Laser printing is much less expensive than photocopying.
Laser printing is now available in all high-tech classrooms and labs.
Laser printing is provided for music printing only.
Laser printing is recommended.
Laser printing is required.
Laser printing is restricted to resumes and term papers only.
Laser printing is standard in all labs.
Laser printing is the most common technology used by network color printers.
Laser printing is the standard .
Laser printing is twenty cents Draft quality printing is free.
Laser printing looks the best.
Laser printing produces images that are heat fused to the paper and are waterproof and durable.
Laser printing requires a print card.
Some laser pulses reach the forest floor, others reflect from understory and canopy.
Most laser radars can also measure the range of stationary objects.
Laser radiation can cause injury to the eyes and the skin.
Laser radiation has a correcting effect on lipid exchange.
Laser radiation is coherent and confined to a very narrow beam.
Laser rangefinders are common devices now, but they are expensive.
Laser scanners are perhaps still the easiest to use and most popular of all scanners.
Laser scanners can also detect non-uniform material.
Laser scanners can read longer barcodes than CCDs.
Laser scanners have the best read rate of all types of scanners.
Laser scanners read preprinted bar codes on each printed sheet and carton to ensure segregation.
Laser scanners track cars and send info about location to computers.
Some laser scanners are smart enough to read the first and the second label simultaneously.
Laser scanning accelerates data acquisition.
Laser scanning is totally noncontact.
Laser shows are sound and light entertainment shows.
Laser sights are useful only at short ranges and in low light levels.
Laser sights project a very bright beam of light in a very small area.
All laser sights are most effective from dusk to dawn outside or anytime inside.
Laser speckle is an indicator for motion.
Laser spectroscopy is a good example.
Laser spectroscopy is applied in analytical chemistry, combustion physics, and medical diagnosis.
Laser spectroscopy is used to probe chemical reaction in plasma and at the surface of materials.
Laser surgeries is the recent corrective measure adopted by the foundation.
Laser surgery allows neurosurgeons to easily remove malignant tumors without damaging brain tissue.
Laser surgery can be very effective for low to moderate levels of myopia.
Laser surgery can help lessen wrinkles.
Laser surgery can help shrink abnormal vessels in the early stages of the disease.
Laser surgery can help treat some diabetic eye diseases.
Laser surgery can often slow the progression of wet macular degeneration.
Laser surgery can prevent blindness in some cases.
Laser surgery can shrink the abnormal blood vessels and seal the leaking vessels.
Laser surgery can work wonders but there are risks.
Laser surgery focuses a tiny beam of light on a spot in the eye.
Laser surgery has many benefits.
Laser surgery has some distinct advantages over conventional surgery.
Laser surgery has the advantage of being able to remove the visibly abnormal areas on the cervix.
Laser surgery has the advantage of cauterizing as it goes, which stops bleeding.
Laser surgery helps fluid drain out of the eye, for people with open-angle glaucoma.
Laser surgery helps fluid drain out of the eye.
Laser surgery improves our patient s recovery time and their return to normal function.
Laser surgery involves the same procedure but instead of a scalpel, a laser is used.
Laser surgery is a great advancement in animal medicine.
Laser surgery is a modern technique that can only be used on soft tissue.
Laser surgery is a prime candidate.
Laser surgery is a relatively new and effective option.
Laser surgery is a relatively new procedure that is being used for myopia in adults.
Laser surgery is a safe, comfortable treatment.
Laser surgery is also available.
Laser surgery is an effective removal technique for many localized lesions.
Laser surgery is convenient and usually painless.
Laser surgery is done in a doctor's office or in an eye clinic and lasts a short period of time.
Laser surgery is done with a tiny light beam directed or the drainage site to help it drain better.
Laser surgery is far and away the preferred method.
Laser surgery is frequently helpful with infertility problems.
Laser surgery is less helpful when the abnormal blood vessels have already grown under the macula.
Laser surgery is less invasive than conventional surgery, and recovery is faster.
Laser surgery is much better at stabilizing vision rather than improving it.
Laser surgery is now an option to correct mild to high amounts of myopia.
Laser surgery is now the most common way to shorten the palate.
Laser surgery is often helpful in treating diabetic retinopathy.
Laser surgery is performed for certain types of glaucoma.
Laser surgery is performed in a doctor's office or eye clinic.
Laser surgery is performed in an eye care professional's office or eye clinic.
Laser surgery is performed in our office.
Laser surgery is performed in the doctor's office.
Laser surgery is performed on an outpatient basis.
Laser surgery is quite effective.
Laser surgery is required to remove pigment.
Laser surgery is sometimes combined with standard surgery to treat selected cases.
Laser surgery is still surgery, and can carry some risks.
Laser surgery is the most common treatment for diabetic retinopathy when it becomes advanced.
Laser surgery is the treatment of choice in pets with primary glaucoma who can still see.
Laser surgery is the use of a narrow beam of intense light to kill cancerous cells.
Laser surgery is used to treat a broad range of nearsightedness, astigmatism, and farsightedness.
Laser surgery is used to treat small cancers involving one of the vocal cords.
Laser surgery is usually an outpatient procedure.
Laser surgery is very effective in preventing vitreous hemorrhage and neovascular glaucoma.
Laser surgery leaves no scar tissue and heals fast.
Laser surgery makes it much better.
Laser surgery removes skin tumours by high energy light.
Laser surgery seems to offer the best results.
Laser surgery stiffens the palate to reduce vibration.
Laser surgery uses a high-energy beam of light to burn away the dysplasia.
Laser surgery uses a narrow beam of light to remove cancer cells.
Laser surgery uses an intense beam of light to cut or repair tissue.
Laser tag has no update just yet.
Laser tag helps people bond by making their company's org chart irrelevant.
Laser tag is a new and unique business.
Laser tag is a roleplay combat game using infrared phasers and sensors.
Laser tag is an entertaining game that focuses on cooperation and strategy.
Laser tag is an exciting game that requires lots of strategy.
Laser tag is another possibility.
Laser tag lets people abandon their work roles and take on new, playfully competitive ones.
Laser tag reduces stress, fosters a team spirit and is just plain old fun.
Laser tags are sports.
Laser tanks have a long but focused reach and can be recharged at the home base.
Most laser technicians work forty hours a week.
Laser therapy affects the cells only in the treated area.
Laser therapy can also seal off leaking vessels and prevent further bleeding and vision loss.
Laser therapy can only stop the progression of the retinopathy.
Laser therapy can tighten fibers or create hole to drain some of the fluid.
Laser therapy involves the use of high-intensity light to destroy cancer cells.
Laser therapy is a highly effective and non-invasive form of treatment.
Laser therapy is another permanent method.
Laser therapy is considered experimental by the medical profession.
Laser therapy is one of the newer methods used to destroy some types of warts.
Laser therapy is still new in India for cosmetic purposes.
Laser therapy is the use of high intensity light to destroy tumor cells.
Laser therapy is used in treating gastrointestinal bleeding and cancer.
Laser therapy is used to destroy some types of warts.
Laser therapy is used to help slow or prevent blindness in some people with diabetes.
Laser therapy produces very little scarring, but the treated area is usually painful until it heals.
Laser therapy removes skin layers by vaporization.
Laser therapy seems to cause less adjacent tissue injury than cautery.
Laser therapy takes only a few minutes, is minimally uncomfortable, and has almost no side affects.
Laser therapy uses a carbon dioxide laser beam to remove the lesion.
Laser therapy uses a highly focused beam of light that destroys only the cancer cells.
Laser therapy uses a narrow beam of intense light to kill cancer cells.
Laser therapy uses a narrow beam of intense light to remove cancer cells.
Laser therapy uses a narrow beam of light to kill cancer cells.
Laser therapy uses a narrow beam of light to remove cancer cells.
Laser therapy uses a narrow beam of light to remove or destroy cancer cells.
Laser therapy uses high-intensity light to destroy tumor cells.
Most laser therapy is delivered through a colposcope.
All laser toners have magnetic qualities, but the level of magnetism is low.
Laser treatment addresses fine wrinkling of the skin.
Laser treatment can also be effective in stretch mark treatment.
Laser treatment can also improve the appearance of wrinkles and furrows.
Laser treatment can be painful, so a topical anesthetic is used.
Laser treatment can be useful if the condition is detected early.
Laser treatment can cure closed-angle glaucoma which, if untreated, can cause blindness.
Laser treatment can eliminate persistent blood vessels that cause the reddened complexion.
Laser treatment can help restore vision impaired by diabetic retinopathy.
Laser treatment can help with the extra skin.
Laser treatment can reattach retina by tacking it down.
Laser treatment carries a minor amount of pain in the process.
Laser treatment causes little or no discomfort and sessions are separated by two month intervals.
Laser treatment causes the new blood vessels to disappear.
Laser treatment dries up the fluid.
Laser treatment has only cosmetic value.
Laser treatment helps seal leaking blood vessels and preserve vision.
Laser treatment is a good alternative.
Laser treatment is a highly selective process that is typically less traumatic than general surgery.
Laser treatment is administered in hospital under a general anaesthetic.
Laser treatment is also available for spider veins in some cases.
Laser treatment is also available.
Laser treatment is applied on an outpatient basis.
Laser treatment is at present more expensive than chemical peels however.
Laser treatment is available.
Laser treatment is done as an outpatient operation, but usually only eyedrop anesthesia is needed.
Laser treatment is done with a bright laser light beam aimed through the eye's pupil by the surgeon.
Laser treatment is most effective on blue, black and red inks.
Laser treatment is much like a visit to the dentist.
Laser treatment is much more effective and better tolerated than diathermy or electrolysis.
Laser treatment is often successful for carefully selected forms of wet macular degeneration.
Laser treatment is popular for the treatment of oral cavity and airway lesions.
Laser treatment is safe and the risk of scarring, infection or pigmentation changes is low.
Laser treatment is safe, gentle, fast and effective.
Laser treatment is the latest technological breakthrough in varicose vein treatment.
Laser treatment is used to treat retinopathy.
Laser treatment makes the antibody-coated cells fluorescent.
Laser treatments are also available for multiple other medical conditions.
Laser treatments are comfortable, using only the gentle power of laser light.
Laser treatments are common and often can lower pressure in the eyes.
Laser treatments are the newest thing.
Laser treatments are usually less expensive than conventional surgery.
Laser treatments can lighten dark stretch marks.
Laser treatments feel similar to being snapped over and over with a large rubber band.
Some laser treatment takes a few minutes.
Some laser treatments are now routine although many are still at the stage of early clinical trials.
Laser vaporization causes cramping, and a local anesthetic is generally used.
Laser weapons have recoil, lot's of it.
Laser weapons produce intense heat and light on a target.
Laser welding is a versatile process for non-contact welding applications.
Laser welding is considered cutting edge technology for platinum.
Laser welding is fast, and produces results of consistently high quality.
Laser welding is particularly useful in the welding of dissimilar metals.
Most laser welding is done on thin materials.
A laser is an optical device
Laser aiming that comes with the monitor offers the best overall accuracy and ease.
Laser are also more expensive than CCDs.
Laser belongs to the second category.
Laser Blocks Similar to Tetris.
Laser can also cost a lot of money.
Laser can be useful sometimes, if attacks go on for too long.
Laser can only flatten the corneal curvature.
Laser can penetrate fog to twice the distance the human eye can see.
Laser causes burns on the retina.
Laser cladding and glazing enhance the materials properties of steels.
Laser continues to blink, indicating that re-leveling is required.
Laser delivers precise performance.
Laser displays a sleek, modern exterior.
Laser does have a place.
Laser emits beam of light.
Laser engrave able also.
Laser engrave nicely.
Laser engrave on top of coating.
Laser engraving on the taper adds flexibility to a very personal and unique gift or award.
Laser engraving on wood creates a impressive and elegant award.
Laser entails less trauma and better and quicker rehabilitation ofthe patient.
Laser excites fluorescence emission from within labeled sample.
Laser fights brain clots and detects breast cancer.
Laser guided bombs are extremely accurate.
Laser have numerous applications.
Laser is a finely focused beam of light that vaporizes tissue and turns water in the cells to steam.
Laser is a good resurfacing tool and best for fine wrinkles.
Laser is a shortened term for light amplification by stimulated emission of radiation.
Laser is a truly wonder invention.
Laser is a very bright light that is used in the treatment of eye disorders.
Laser is a very exact and safe way to treat many small animal problems.
Laser is also non-invasive, so there is no risk of infection by poor sterilization procedures.
Laser is always a quick cure for all eye diseases .
Laser is an acronym for l ight a mplification by s timulated e mission of r adiation.
Laser is an acronym for light amplification by stimulated emission of radiation.
Laser is an acronym for light amplification by the stimulated emission of radiation.
Laser is an acronym of 'Light Amplification by Stimulated Emission of Radiation'.
Laser is an effective way to deliver concentrated cold light to the tumor bed.
Laser is an intense beam of light.
Laser is an outstanding fun boat for the discerning sailing family.
Laser is another acronym used commonly in medicine.
Laser is associated with a prolonged tissue-sloughing period.
Laser is dangerous to the eyes.
Laser is employed as necessary.
Laser is especially high yielding under very productive soils.
Laser is most effective for spider veins on the face.
Laser is much more expensive.
Laser is needed to stop the leak spreading.
Laser is one of many therapeutic applications of flexible endoscopes.
Laser is one of the great marketing tools of medical history.
Laser is the beginning of a multiple arcade machine emulator project.
Laser is the latest development.
Laser is the most modern method of therapy.
Laser is the most recent surgical procedure, using the laser beam to reshape the cornea.
Laser is used at very close range.
Laser is used to seal leaks or destroy abnormal blood vessels growing under the macula.
Laser is very bright and close range aiming is damn fast and easy.
Laser is very effective in stopping the new vessels grow.
Laser is very exact and safe way to treat many small animal problems.
Laser is very low power and is intended as a science project to learn concept of lasers.
Laser is very valuable in the treatment of superficial tongue and laryngeal lesions.
Laser isa device.
Laser Link No.
Laser modernizes oyster shucking.
Laser offers vibration alert, a scratchpad currency converter and optional data and fax.
Laser only helps with the superficial component of the hemangioma.
Laser pointers Professional camera equipment.
Laser prevents the new vessels bleeding.
Laser print it on plain white paper.
Laser print it on plain, white paper.
Laser print it on quality paper.
Laser printed text is preferred.
Laser printing from computer workstations is possible using an online debit system called UnipriNT .
Laser ranging systems and industrial thick film processing are future potential applications.
Laser resurfacing A laser vaporizes the thin, damaged outer layer of skin.
Laser resurfacing for wrinkles and scars works two ways.
Laser resurfacing more aggressively treats the skin for rejuvenation.
Laser resurfacing softens or removes the superficial and moderately deep lines and wrinkles.
Laser rigging The tiller is positioned underneath the traveler line .
Laser sounds flippers.
Laser stands for 'light amplification by stimulated emission of radiation'.
Laser stands for light amplification by stimulated emission of radiation.
Laser supports the simulation of semiconductor laser devices.
Laser target active investors and analysts in currency, commodity and index markets.
Laser works best for fine lines, sun damage, skin irregularity and mild laxity of the cheeks.
Laser works quite well, although sclerotherapy is still the choice for treatment of larger veins.
Lasers activate the stains and measure cell size, number and viability.
Lasers allow for easy reading of bar codes on imperfect surfaces or through glass.
Lasers allow for light wave communications.
Lasers also are very expensive and lose power in their fiberoptic cables.
Lasers also have a fixed excitation wavelength.
Lasers also have the advantage of engraving onto materials that are unengraveable by other methods.
Lasers also stimulate collagen and elastin contraction and contribute to new collagen formation.
Lasers are a basic component.
Lasers are a fun and great tool for everyone.
Lasers are a good light source because they can provide a bright, narrow, stable beam.
Lasers are a great example of life imitating art.
Lasers are a relatively new tool for dentists that can be used in many ways.
Lasers are a special kind of light.
Lasers are a special source of light made up of only one color.
Lasers are able to cut teeth in saws.
Lasers are acronyms.
Lasers are also faster, in general, than inkjets.
Lasers are also reliable and very accurate tools for determining distances to satellites in orbit.
Lasers are also under consideration for beaming the energy from space.
Lasers are also very expensive and lose power in their fiberoptic cables.
Lasers are also very expensive to sail and own.
Lasers are an exciting advancement in dentistry.
Lasers are an important advance in medicine and surgery.
Lasers are an incredibly-powerful research tool.
Lasers are an indispensable part of our everyday life.
Lasers are an unusual interest or hobby, but a fun and rewarding one.
Lasers are another application of optics.
Lasers are another method of breaking up the nucleus of the cataract.
Lasers are attractive because of their higher data rates and smaller beam divergence angles.
Lasers are beams of light produced by electrically stimulating particular materials.
Lasers are capable of causing eye damage.
Lasers are characterized according to their wavelength in a vacuum.
Lasers are commonplace for today s ophthalmologists, dermatologists and cosmetic surgeons.
Lasers are devices for producing very intense beams of light of a single color.
Lasers are devices for the creation and amplification of a narrow, intense beam of coherent light.
Lasers are devices that emit certain wavelengths of light.
Lasers are devices that produce light at very specific frequencies of the electromagnetic spectrum.
Lasers are devices.
Lasers are distinguished from other light sources by their coherence .
Lasers are effective in removing, vaporizing, and breaking down tissues.
Lasers are everywhere.
Lasers are expensive and delicate.
Lasers are fast, versatile and highly reliable.
Lasers are fierce weapons.
Lasers are intense sources of light.
Lasers are just amplified light that is concentrated and aimed using different components.
Lasers are light.
Lasers are located in bombs.
Lasers are located in cd players.
Lasers are located in hospitals.
Lasers are located in laboratories.
Lasers are machines that make incredible beams of light.
Lasers are made of photons.
Lasers are models of meticulous manufacturing processes and precision alignment.
Lasers are monochromatic, collimated and coherent.
Lasers are more expensive and require the injection of a local anesthesia to numb the area treated.
Lasers are more expensive, but offer higher print speed and better quality.
Lasers are notoriously inefficient.
Lasers are now a standard tool for ophthalmologists - in use daily.
Lasers are now a standard tool for ophthalmologists-in use daily.
Lasers are now available.
Lasers are now widely available to treat many conditions.
Lasers are of many types and serve many purposes.
Lasers are of military usefulness by all nations for range finding, target designation and tracking.
Lasers are optical devices which produce intense coherent beams of light.
Lasers are optical devices.
Lasers are part of optical mouses.
Lasers are particularly accurate and economical for profiling irregular exterior contours.
Lasers are particularly useful in treating small ares of veins of the face and legs.
Lasers are perhaps a better answer than missiles for shooting down missiles.
Lasers are possible because light interacts with electrons in a certain way.
Lasers are possible because of another type of photon emission called stimulated emission.
Lasers are possible because of the way light interacts with electrons.
Lasers are possible because of the way light interacts with the electrons.
Lasers are precise instruments used for the shaping, removal, and treatment of soft tissue.
Lasers are pretty cheap and look great with fog.
Lasers are quite reliable and can print other office documents as well as separations.
Lasers are silent.
Lasers are simply one aspect of computer technology.
Lasers are sometimes useful as light sources in optical microscopy.
Lasers are still better although inkjets printing at highest resolution are catching up.
Lasers are still much faster especially if they have their own processor and memory.
Lasers are subject to capsizing, but are easily self-rescuing.
Lasers are the answer to many, many things in science.
Lasers are the most technologically advanced means available to correct certain vision problems.
Lasers are the product of research and development in electrical engineering.
Lasers are the source of such light.
Lasers are the tool of tools.
Lasers are the treatment of choice for small spider veins.
Lasers are the ultimate party going lighting effect.
Lasers are the wave of the future in all types of surgery and urology is no exception.
Lasers are therefore ideal for space communications.
Lasers are unbelievably expensive to own and operate.
Lasers are used for accuracy.
Lasers are used for cuts.
Lasers are used for eye surgery.
Lasers are used for fiber optics.
Lasers are used for fun.
Lasers are used for heat.
Lasers are used for laser printers.
Lasers are used for light effects.
Lasers are used for light.
Lasers are used for measuring.
Lasers are used for pointings.
Lasers are very energy intensive, consuming much more energy than they produce.
Lasers are very precise.
Lasers are very sensitive to being overdriven.
Lasers are very simple tools.
Lasers are very specific in regard to the wavelength produced.
Lasers are very unique light sources with several interesting properties.
Lasers are way cool.
Lasers can achieve remarkable results.
Lasers can add colorful and exciting visual effects to any event.
Lasers can also be effective.
Lasers can also cut tissue and cauterize the tissue without damaging other tissue around it.
Lasers can also melt things.
Lasers can also present a serious danger to the eyes and skin.
Lasers can also produce a very narrow beam that diverges little.
Lasers can also prove to create more problems in surgical procedures than they correct.
Lasers can also record and reproduce music on compact discs.
Lasers can also remove unwanted hair.
Lasers can be a foot or two away, depending on model.
Lasers can be dangerous, especially when at the prime focus of a telescope mirror.
Lasers can be painful, but it depends on the sensitivity of the person being treated.
Lasers can be so monochromatic that a small shift in the light frequency can be detected.
Lasers can cause temporary blindness.
Lasers can claim permanent hair reduction.
Lasers can cost tens of thousands of dollars.
Lasers can cut and cauterize at the same time with lesser degrees of power.
Lasers can cut at high speeds.
Lasers can double that or better.
Lasers can exhibit chaotic fluctuations.
Lasers can greatly diminish some scars by instantly vaporizing the outer layers of skin.
Lasers can guide gigantic machines that bore tunnels in hard rock.
Lasers can help minimize blood vessels.
Lasers can help remove facial wrinkles and lines.
Lasers can identify and measure phenomena that are undetectable by the human eye.
Lasers can mean a new way of life for someone born with a birthmark .
Lasers can measure unimaginably small things and incredibly brief events.
Lasers can play a key role in creating three-dimensional microstructures.
Lasers can present a variety of potentially serious hazards.
Lasers can produce discreet codes that are only visible to the trained eye.
Lasers can produce very tightly focused pulses of light and they can do it many times a second.
Lasers can provide very intense beams of radiation.
Lasers can put sequential or similar numbers on packages using the same font.
Lasers can remove scars, birthmarks, and tattoos.
Lasers can remove tissue painlessly with no bleeding.
Lasers can restore or stabilize vision and prevent severe loss of vision in many situations.
Lasers can solder smaller joints than are possible using conventional manual techniques.
Lasers can take things down to the wavelengths of light.
Lasers can target stain molecules without harming the inside of the tooth.
Lasers can target stain molecules without harming the pulp.
Lasers can temporarily blind pilots during critical phases of flight and jeopardize safety.
Lasers can vaporize fibroid tumors, remove ectopic pregnancies and open blocked fallopian tubes.
Lasers cause a large number of photons to have identical energy and direction.
Lasers cause damage because they focus large amounts of light energy on a small surface area.
Lasers cause less swelling, bleeding, and pain allowing the pet to be discharged the same day.
Lasers celebrate their field of dreams Go to story.
Lasers chart the waters of Australia's great barrier reef.
Lasers come in infrared and visible varieties, but none yet in the x-ray band.
Lasers consist of four components.
Lasers consist of several components.
Lasers contain a material that produces and amplifies light.
Lasers contain four primary components regardless of style, size or application.
Lasers containing thulium are used in satellites that take pictures of the Earth's surface.
Lasers continue to revolutionise spectroscopy.
Lasers create beams.
Lasers create the high-current electron beam.
Lasers deliver a type of light energy.
Lasers deliver energy in the form of light.
Lasers deliver sharper text at a given resolution than inkjets of the same resolution.
Lasers destroy only the target, leaving the surrounding healthy tissues intact.
Lasers differ in many ways, but there are certain characteristics which all lasers have in common.
Lasers direct concentrated light energy toward a specific target.
Lasers do emit such light, and are therefore utilized.
Lasers do have some downsides.
Lasers do have their place concerning larger truss dobs or perhaps any compound telescopes.
Lasers do make surgery less intrusive.
Lasers do no damage, nor are they stopped, however.
Lasers emit a beam of light, which is absorbed by the pigment found in the hair shaft and follicle.
Lasers emit a narrow and very intense beam of light or other radiation.
Lasers emit beams.
Lasers emit intense heat at close range.
Lasers emit light.
Lasers emit narrow, intense beams of light or other radiation.
Lasers emit narrow, intense beams of light.
Lasers emit visible light.
Lasers flash and burn and prod at the mysteries of the universe.
Lasers focus a beam of light.
Lasers generate coherent light, ie light comprising photons with the same wavelength and in-phase.
Lasers generate very pure frequencies or colours of light.
Lasers generate, amplify, and distribute the light down hairlike fibers.
Lasers give clearer underwater images than video.
Lasers have (part) sections.
Lasers have a prominent position in dermatology and cosmetic surgery.
Lasers have an impressive range, but damage decreases exponentially with distance.
Lasers have applications.
Lasers have brightness.
Lasers have color.
Lasers have distinct advantages in many instances.
Lasers have diverse uses and have revolutionized differenct areas of life.
Lasers have light.
Lasers have many applications and are becoming more widely used in medicine and dentistry.
Lasers have many helpful uses in medicine.
Lasers have many industrial, commercial and medical applications.
Lasers have many uses in our lives.
Lasers have more power than LEDs, but vary more with changes in temperature and are more expensive.
Lasers have oscillating mirrors that are subject to wear and mechanical failure.
Lasers have output.
Lasers have peak brightness.
Lasers have scientific applications.
Lasers have the advantage that they can send a lot of information.
Lasers have vast applications.
Lasers help reduce waste at fiberboard plant.
Lasers help shrink uterine fibroid tumors.
Lasers help speed up the process.
Lasers here solve the problem of trying to find one doctor for each patient ever admitted.
Lasers light up the fluorescent tags.
Lasers make beams.
Lasers make it possible to create holograms, or three-dimensional images.
Lasers make superb range finders.
Lasers now have many practical applications.
Lasers now have many uses in industry and medicine.
Lasers offer new ways to investigate and manipulate cells.
Lasers offer precision and control.
Lasers offer the largest depth of field, are easy to use and read a wide variety of code densities.
Lasers open the door to the ultrafast world.
Lasers operate in the visible, infrared, or ultraviolet regions of the spectrum.
Lasers pierce the people with tiny red dots.
Lasers present many safety threats, but the most common threat is damage to the eyes.
Lasers produce a beam of photons all in the same state.
Lasers produce a light unique in nature.
Lasers produce beams.
Lasers produce crisper output.
Lasers produce light, just as an incandescent light bulb does.
Lasers produce light.
Lasers produce only a single wavelength of light and are limited in what they can treat.
Lasers produce ultraviolet light.
Lasers promise several advantages over mechanical techniques.
Lasers provide the most cost-effective tool for most applications.
Lasers provoke a fascination equaled by few other event attractions.
Lasers range in power from a few microwatts to several billion watts in short bursts.
Lasers really are magic bullets.
Lasers reduce surgical procedures to short outpatient visits.
Lasers remove tattoos by vaporizing the pigment colors with a high-intensity light beam.
Lasers scan vessel linings almost daily to develop an ongoing record of lining wear.
Lasers scoot about the river like a flock of butterflies.
Lasers score at high speeds.
Lasers send electricity through a tube of gas.
Lasers serve as a guide for the scanner as a patient moves through the machine.
Lasers shining on the drum show the operator where to line up the pieces.
Lasers shoot visible beams, missles cruise along, and so forth .
Lasers slit at high speeds.
Lasers sound just like lasers.
Lasers sound like lasers, bombs sound like bombs, and swords sound like swords.
Lasers sound like lasers.
Lasers touch our lives every day.
Lasers use a laser to illuminate the film and photomultiplier as detectors.
Lasers use energy.
Lasers use light energy to cut, coagulate and vaporise tissue.
Lasers use mirrors to build up a strong beam of light.
Lasers use power.
Lasers utilize different methods to control the beam that reshapes the cornea.
Lasers vary in their use according to their wave length.
Lasers work best on materials such as carbon steel or stainless steels.
Lasers work by emitting a powerful beam of light, which causes a superficial burn of the skin.
Lasers work by emitting light at various wavelengths.
Lasers work by producing an intense beam of bright light that travels in one direction.
Lasers work differently depending on what they're needed for.
Lasers work much better.
Lasers work to selectively remove the pigment containing cells of each lesion.
Lasers wove patterns in the air above the crowd and fog added a surreal effect to the whole scene.
Lasers Always wear goggles that protect against the specific wavelength of the laser.
Lasers sometimes prove effective in erasing stretch marks.
Lasers usually turn things extra crispy, extra quick.
All lasers are air-cooled.
All lasers are potentially hazardous and require safety precautions.
All lasers can be safe when properly used.
All lasers require eye protection.
Every laser has what is termed a coherence length.
Many lasers emit invisible ultraviolet or infrared radiation.
Many lasers operate in an invisible spectrum.
Many lasers use high voltage and high current electrical power.
Most lasers are capable of causing eye injury to anyone who looks directly into the beam.
Most lasers are greyscale only, but are high print quality.
Most lasers are less harmful than sunlight.
Most lasers come in only one color.
Most lasers create beams.
Most lasers do have a blending of treatment zones for the larger pupil ranges.
Most lasers emit beams.
Most lasers emit light.
Most lasers emit visible light.
Most lasers have applications.
Most lasers have brightness.
Most lasers have color.
Most lasers have high voltages associated with their power supplies.
Most lasers have light.
Most lasers have output.
Most lasers have peak brightness.
Most lasers have scientific applications.
Most lasers involve high voltages, toxic chemicals, high vacuum, laser radiation and other hazards.
Most lasers make beams.
Most lasers now ship with printer drivers for a variety of operating systems.
Most lasers produce beams.
Most lasers produce light.
Most lasers produce ultraviolet light.
Most lasers remove only certain colors.
Most lasers use energy.
Most lasers use power.
Most lasers work at a fixed frequency.
Most lasers work by producing an intense beam of light that can cut or vaporize skin tissue.
Most lasers work by using light to generate heat, which then destroys the surrounding hair follicle.
Some lasers are better than others for reducing scar tissue.
Some lasers are billions of times more powerful than a light bulb.
Some lasers are so bright that they can cause harm even at far distances.
Some lasers are so strong, they can cut through sheets of steel.
Some lasers can produce hundreds of thousands of pulses per second.
Some lasers can reduce bleeding by coagulating blood vessels as they cut tissue.
Some lasers emit invisible light, in the UV, or more commonly, in the IR regions.
Some lasers emit radiation.
Some lasers employ flowing gas systems.
Some lasers employ potentially hazardous cryogenic fluid for cooling purposes.
Some lasers give a much smoother cut.
Some lasers have power.
Some lasers have radiant power.
Some lasers present a potential for skin damage.
Some lasers produce beams at various wavelengths.
Some lasers produce infrared radiation.
Some lasers produce linearly polarized light.
Some lasers send out a continuous beam.
Some lasers use a broad beam that ensures that the corrective zone is even and smooth.
Some lasers use chemical dyes and solvents.
Lasermark capabilities are available option.
Lasers beams can pulverize stones when the stone can be seen visually.
Lash hits some punches in the corner then a kneelift.
Lash notes that taking preventive measures is still vitally important in warding off osteoporosis.
Lash plays classical music to help students visualize lessons.
Lashes appear thicker and well protected throughout the day.
Lashes are thick with black mascara.
Lashes stay soft.
Lashes take centrestage and fake is the fastest way to get eyes serious attention.
Lashes turn inward towards eye and inflame it.
Lashs are part of whips.
A lasher is a driver
Lasher apoke about the biggest obstacle.
Lasher is ectastic.
A lashing is corporal punishment
Lashing are fasteners.
Lashing are ropes.
Lashing is applied across the shoulders with the cat of nine tails.
Lashing is one of the best ways of making the joint of two or more pieces on an airship.
Lashing remains the primary punishment.
Lashings are baleen.
Most Lasik flaps heal well and quickly.
Lasik surgery is performed on the cornea of a person's eye.
Lasik surgery is simple and fast.
Lasik surgery is used to correct a number of common focusing problems that cause blurry vision.
A lass is a girl
Lass ihn fahren, er ist dahin.
Lass ihn hereinkommen.
Lassa fever is suspected on the basis of clinical findings and preliminary test results.
Last Acts Brings together many resources with goal of improving care at the end of life.
Last activation turns TV off.
Last admission is fifteen minutes before closing time.
Last admission is half an hour before closing.
Last admission is one hour before closing .
Last admission is one hour before closing time.
Last admissions are one hour and fifteen minutes before closing.
Last appearance is a little dangerous.
Every last atom is alive.
Last bell is at eight.
Last bit is offline - eg location and tel no.
Every last bit is recycled.
Last blood supplies oxygen and other nutrients to muscles and other parts of the body.
Every last bone is auctioned off.
Last boss is a party member.
Last burial ca.
Last buses depart museum.
Last byte is tail of the queue.
Last call comes to soon.
Last call is for folks who like headaches.
Last call is now open.
LAST CALL is proud to announce the imminent launch of it's new online store.
LAST CALL promotes a broad range of musical styles and performance.
Last calls are books.
Last caress is fast and beautiful,really great.
Last category is seperated.
Last chance is today.
Last chapter contains a bibliography with samples of the marbling projects done at the press.
Last chapter is critical.
Last chapter offers suggestions for library research in the area of criminology.
Last chapters give a general survey of the assassination.
Last character can t be a minus sign or a period.
Last choice is via telephone.
Last chorus has great effect of soft but a tempo pace that grows in an exciting fashion.
Last class includes a performance for family and friends.
Last class is a stage experience.
Last class is hands-on.
Last classes meet.
Last column gives total synthetic from entire model fault.
Last column is the main one.
Last column is the number of attributable imprints.
Last column is the number of top grade wins by offspring at above tracks.
Last column is the try count.
Last column present the fit .
Last Comment Talk about anything Paranormal.
Last couple notes about the performance.
Last cruise is the sunset cruise.
Last cuts are tough.
Last dance is done, and th'encore too, eawr gear's all stacked away.
Last date modified is shown.
Last day enter classes for the spring semester.
Last days are always weird.
Last Days is still deeply committed to the pro-life work being done throughout the world.
Last debate delivers antagonistic tone.
Last decades see growth.
Most last decades see growth.
Every last detail has to be right.
Last door is the cafeteria.
Last email checked time is displayed.
Last entry is in the table.
Last entry is ninety minutes before closing.
Last entry is one hour prior to closing.
Last entry is the latest addition and the page is dated.
Last entry is usually about an hour before the castle closes.
Last exam is noncomprehensive , scheduled during final week in regular classroom.
Last Fall Think about how the bermuda was prepared and when the time the overseed was done.
Last few weeks see death.
LAST field Use the preceeding value selected for the field.
Last friction occurs when an object, material, liquid or elements slide against each other.
Some last frost takes places.
Last game is a position round.
Last guideline Stop procrastinating.
Last hole offers splendid views.
Last hope is receipt of stem cells.
Last image gives a good overview over the eruptive site.
Last impressions are an invitation to come back .
Last impressions are just as important as first impressions.
Last impressions count.
Last issue contains annual index.
Last item Displays the last line-item number.
Last item is a dainty little perfume bottle, empty, marked France on the bottom.
Last item is an overhead projector and screen.
Last item is optional.
Last item is returns.
Last lap takes care of itself.
Last layer is chopped tomatoes.
Last lecture is past.
Last letter appears to be an 'h'.
Last letter has seagull like accent.
Last letter is raised.
Last letter seems to extend above mid-point.
Last lifeboat is lowered.
Last light becomes a bank of drifting hills in middle atmosphere.
Last line is patch, clap, snap in the air overhead.
Last line shows comparison with time to run one job by itself.
Last lines are usually hard to manage.
Many last lines are in all likelihood intended to be public documents.
Last link is Broken and Good night.
Last literal can be either vocal or consonantal.
Last males do better than that.
Last man standing is a variation on standard deathmatch.
Last man standing is right.
Last man standing wins the duck.
Last man standing wins the pot.
Last man standing wins the round.
Last man standing wins the whole prize package.
Last men are tolerant and non-judgmental, for to be judgmental is to cause conflict.
Last meal is dinner.
Last meal is lunch.
A last mile is a walk
Last mile is footpath through glacial debris.
Last mile is rough.
Last mile is the issue that needs help at state level.
Last miles are walks.
A last minute is a moment
Last minute changes New installation procedure for the Linux version.
Last minute cramming generally increases unnecessary anxiety.
Last minute cruises our specialty.
Last Minute Find out about our last minute deals.
Last minute is noticed when reviewing applications.
Last minute is when everyone needs help and TAs are busiest so help is least available.
Last minute offers, availability and reservations on-line.
Last month covers the most recently completed month.
Last month is FREE for annual contracts.
Last month sawthe most prolific issuance of high-yield bonds in history.
Last month seems an age away.
A last name is a name
Last name appears first, followed by a space and initials, separated by a period, for each forename.
Last Name Become a member .
Last name comes first.
Last Name Complete all Fields for the best results.
Last Name Enter all or a portion of the last name.
Last Name Enter the contact person's last name.
Last Name Enter the employee's changed last name.
Last Name Enter the employee's last name.
Last Name Enter the Last name in the box below.
Last Name Enter the last name or surname for the individual.
Last Name Enter the last name that is currently on file for the employee.
Last name Enter the last name.
Last Name Enter the name of the individual.
Last Name Enter the whole name, or the beginning of the name.
Last name is a required field.
Last name is dittoed.
Last name is faint.
Last name is hard to determine.
Last name is now Pavlick.
Last name is probably different now.
Last name is required .
Last name is required.
Last name is Required.
Last name is spelled as follows.
Last name is the default search type.
Last name is very hard to decipher.
Last name is written very lightly.
Last name is Yost.
Last name Make sure there is no other text in the body.
Last name requires at least one character.
Last Name Select the appropriate text indicator from the list.
Last Name Select the letter corresponding to the faculty member's last name.
Last Name Select the product or service.
Last names are acceptable only if there is no confusion about the answer.
Last names are likely unnecessary in a congregation so small.
Last names are names.
Last names are often strange sounding but their origin is endlessly fascinating.
Last names are so middle ages.
Last names are the most common form of computer usernames.
Last names beginning A-R, please bring a fruit, vegetable or salad.
Last names link to biographical sketches or personal websites.
Last names work OK, too.
Many last names sound like ordinary English words.
Last night is a prime example.
Last Night is about the tenuous boundaries between life and death.
Last night is all a big blur.
Last night is spent at the hostel.
Last night is the topper though.
Last night lies heavy.
Last night remains obscure.
Last Night resembles an absurdist theater workshop documented by cameras for posterity.
Last night seems to punctuate it.
Last night waits in the kitchen.
Last nights ride.
Last number is the year.
Last one includes free domain name.
Last one is a chicken.
Last one is for the intelligent heros.
Last one is interesting.
Last one is the easiest.
Last one loses a life or is out.
Last operation causes the error.
Last Page Check out more printables .
Last Page displays the last page of the document.
Last page has the schedule on the inside of the last page.
Last page is a projection of future events for advertising purposes.
Last page Replace the lower pieces.
Last Paintings Click one of the small picture to get the enlarged version of it.
Last pair is a victorian etched scroll dangle with black enamel to look like onyx.
Last paragraph applies to Libraries.
Last paragraph is a bit ambitious.
Last part discusses specific autoimmune diseases.
Last part is domain.
Last part is especially interesting for bioapplications.
Last partners mtg.
Last period is history.
Last person runs to the front and begins again.
Last person standing is the winner.
Last photo shows true color.
Last pic is engine block from destroyed truck.
Last pic shows cone balanced on rim of hat, most of above cone routine being done with hat on.
Last picture is from the new rear fork with some parts still to be welded.
Last picture is girl's wedding.
Last picture shows new debris brought in by the waves.
Every last pixel is rendered, regardless of it's relative position to the viewer.
Last place is best, first is second, and the middle position is the worse.
Last place is Email.
Last player caught is the winner or becomes the guard for the next game.
Last player caught is the winner.
Last player recites message to judge.
Last point is Ungoliant.
Last pool is a book and two runs.
Last position occurs with less regularity in writing texts.
Last prayer is also important.
Last preference is given to qualified applicants or graduates from other colleges and universities.
Last priority is to students non-instructional computing needs.
Last problem is always to get the finished interview ready to be read by others.
Last program is a web jump program.
A last quarter is a half-moon
Last quarter Reports on activity for the last quarter.
LAST RACE reflect the last race regardless of distance or surface.
Last rappel has grooves where ropes tend to get hung up.
Last recommendation is to take or rent cell phones or walkie talkies.
Last report is that the family is doing fine.
A last resort is an expedient
Last resort becomes a happy ending Former dropouts tell their stories.
Last rider goes out at noon.
Last rites given, no holds barred.
Last round determines the award places.
Last round is special.
Last row consists of description of competence of each State organ.
Last row is a purl row.
Last row is a right side row.
Every last scene abounds with grossly flawed logic.
Last season comes on the heels of three milestone campaigns before that.
Last season is the only comparable season for Bonds.
Last season lead the team both defensively and offensively.
Last season means nothing now.
Last section gives subject access to titles.
Last section includes sample questions for first year subjects.
Last section is the shortest but still a nice blast to finish the trail.
Last section looks at various search engines and directories and their use in finding quality sites.
Last segment shows that some private fishing clubs can be beneficial to the ecology.
Last selection becomes grayed out.
Last sentence avoids ademption problems.
Last servant comes with an excuse.
Last service is at midnight.
Last session ends noon on last day of training.
Last shuttle leaves the conference dinner site returning to campus.
Last skirt is pleated.
Last snakes are a predator it eats other animals and snakes.
Last step involves visioning process.
Last step is a good spell-check.
Last step is back to the grill area.
Last step is compilation of the dvgrab program.
Last step is FULL resin mixture.
Last step is reconstruction of dithered picture.
Last step is the hardest, replacing the cap.
Last step is the power supply.
Last step is to add all the above to a food processor.
Last step is to enable file sharing from within Explorer.
Last step is to thoroughly clean the syringe.
Last stop is the library circulation desk at either campus for a barcode.
Last streetcar goes out of service.
Last strip starts on ball of foot and ends on ball of foot.
Last Summer are basically lame and follow the same premise.
Last Summer are harder to exterminate than their protagonists.
Last Summer are masters at manipulating their peers.
Last summer is a good example.
Last summer is when it happened.
Last Summer takes place smack in the middle of an affluent fishing village.
Last Summer takes very seriously.
Last Territory is simply the best cowboy steakhouse around.
Last thing is an update of our present balance.
Last thing is future meetings.
Last thing is the design.
Last things are often of great importance.
Last thing's the hardest.
Every last thing is counted.
Last third is obviously more interesting but never complex.
Last third is paved.
Last thoughts are funny things.
Last time is always like the time before.
Last time works.
Last tour begins an hour before closing.
Last tour begins at closing time.
Last tour begins at closing.
Last tour begins one hour before closing.
Last tour begins one hour prior to closing.
Last tour is given one half hour prior to closing.
Last tour is one hour before closing time.
Last tour leaves one - half hour before closing time.
Last track breaks the pattern with vocals in a balladic, folk-rock dirge.
Last trip leaves lots at midnight.
Last tube drawn is required.
Last update be within one month from the time the nomination was received.
Last update is Apr.
Last update is noted.
Last update is registered at the foot of the page.
Last value seen is value used.
Last veins carry blood back to the heart and it also take waste away.
Last version has some bugs, though.
Last view shows top removed, for C-arm use.
Last volume contains a bibliographical supplement and an index.
Last volume contains a chronology of events and a detailed index for all volumes.
Last volume contains cumulative author index, identifying author entries by volume number.
Last volume contains entries for younger writers, mostly written by the subject authors.
Last volume contains essays on the history and development of the novel.
Last volume contains newsletter, index, and tables.
Last volume contains zoning and court proceedings forms and a table of cases.
Last volume has an index by crimes committed, name index, and an extensive bibliography.
Last volume has book publishers' addresses.
Last volume includes a glossary and indexes.
Last volume includes an index.
Last volume includes essays on the history and development of the novel and novella.
Last volume indexes entire series.
Last volume is a general cross-index.
Last volume is an index.
Last volume is the index.
Last volume serves as general index.
Last walk gives specialist mixed feelings Pfc.
Last week browns almost up to seven pounds.
Last week comes to mind again. . .
Last week Develop a masthead graphic for the event calendar.
Last week is a thought away from down the street.
Last week is an adjunct.
Last week is one such example.
Last week is one to write off for eternity.
Last week is over.
Last week Make recommended changes from user conference call.
Last weeks cover story.
Last weeks see death.
Last weeks sound clips are by request only now.
Most last weeks see death.
Last witness is silenced, stopped, stilled.
A last word is authority
Last words are arguments.
Last words are authority.
Last words are important words.
Last words are important.
Last words are lasting words, as they say.
Last words are usually very significant b.
Last words are very important.
Last words come in all shapes and sizes.
Last words reveal a great deal about a person's life and priorities.
Some last words are ghastly.
Last year has to be proof of what smart drafting and spending some cash smartly can do.
Last year is a case in point.
Last year is a different year.
Last year is a good example.
Last year is a prime example of what can happen in postseason play.
Last year is a sore subject among the Vikings.
Last year is dead, they seem to say, Begin afresh, afresh, afresh.
Last year is done and gone.
Last year is gone.
Last year is historical.
Last year is history.
Last year is in the past.
Last year is irrelevant.
Last year is last year, but obviously the result is similar to last year.
Last year is last year.
Last year is now.
Last year is officially over now.
Last year is over and now it is time to hand in our papers.
Last year is over with.
Last year is over.
Last year is recent memory when cheese prices hit record highs.
Last year is the first time any serious attention was given to . . .
Last Year Look through last years picture .
Last year means absolutely nothing.
Last Year Read the recap of last year's event.
Last year s can t miss defense is nowhere near a lock to repeat.
Last years become more and more popular the tours for observation of mammals .
Last years cider batch is just about ready for drinking.
Last years coaching staff is gone, and there is a new staff in place.
Last years exam paper is available via the undergraduate office page.
Last years harvest.
Last years hide and go seek winner.
Last years hide and seek winner.
Last years income tax papers Apply for childcare with department of human service.
Last years model so on sale now at a good price.
Last year's only.
Last year's over with.
Last years project Better than an auction.
Last years schedule to give a feel of the type of rambles.
Last years slam.
Last years total accumulated hits of course.
Last years win in Minnesota.
Last years winner to the hide and go seek contest.
Last years winning recipes are online.
Last years working group members are willing to help understand the current development.
Some last years bring wealth.
A last is an end
Lasts are activities.
Lasts are average shapes made from surveys of many feet.
Lasts are rank.
Lasts are what all high-grade shoe companies use when manufacturing their products.
Some lasts are easy to remember.
Some lasts are shorter or longer than others of the same size.
Any lasting reform requires no less.
Lasting relationships are very important to long-term success.
Any lasting relationship is built on a foundation of mutual trust.
Lasting results come from real experiences and the changes they bring about.
Lasting results take time as the older cells are replaced over the course of four to eight weeks.
Lasting results take time.
Lasting solutions are, therefore, intimately tied to the reduction of poverty.
Lasting solutions depend on the participation of many role players.
Any lasting solution means change and compromise.
Lastname style addresses, but see below for a simpler solution.
A lat is a striated muscle
Lat be thy lewed dronken harlotrye.
Lat is a fairly political cartoonist.
Lat lacks the wind . . .
Lat ny is the latitude of New York in decimal degrees, and so on.
Lat pull downs to the front is one great exercise.
Lat see quha hobbillis best.
Lats are a very important part of a person's physique.
LATS are among the rapid techniques for detecting menigococcal antigen but lack sensitivity.
Lats are fish.
Lats are next, followed by delt raises, upper back, and fore-arms.
Lats are next.
Lats are people.
Lats are skeletal muscles.
LatAm service is delivered through special coding on the regular highspeed news circuits.
All latch hooks have noise-reducing rubber bumpers.
Latch status is software readable.
A latch is a catch
Latch accepts padlock for greater security.
Latch hold back on keyed function.
Latch is field adjustable and reversible.
Latch isa device.
Latches activated by a magnet key are available.
Latches are avilable in black only.
Latches are low-level locks on shared internal structures.
Latches are more restrictive than locks in that they are always exclusive.
Latches are self-closing.
Latches are self-latching and are fitted with a spring on the inside of the gate for a sure fit.
Latches are simpler, but flip-flops are more convenient to design with.
Latches are universal and fit both flat and beveled doors.
Latches click softly in the trees.
Latches have (part) bases.
Latches have (part) keyholes.
Latches have (part) sections.
Latches have provision for adding a padlock.
Latches tend to make circuits less testable.
Latchs are catchs.
Latchs are fasteners.
Latchs are locks.
Latchs are part of doors.
Latches always change state on a clock edge.
Many latches are only sheet metal and easily damaged.
Some latches are more complex altogether, with a decorative back-plate and a spring mechanism.
Some latches are too high for a person in a wheel chair to access.
A latchkey child is a pupil
Latchkey children are more likely to engage in risky behaviors, such as truancy and substance abuse.
Latchkey kids run the risk of developing in isolation and loneliness.
A latchkey is a key
Latchkey is a serious crime.
Latchkey is an after school daycare for school age children.
Latchkey is an after-school program offered to children between kindergarten and fourth grade.
Latchkey is available.
Latchkey is in operation during the school year every day that school is in session.
Latchkey is off to a great start and the kids are loving it.
Latchkeys are keys.
Latchup immunity is achieved through layout techniques.
Late abortions are rare.
Late acquisition fits in nicely.
Late adds are by exception only.
Late Adds begin the second week of class.
Late admission is rare and at the discretion of each site's management.
Late admission is sometimes possible.
Late admission is valid for one quarter only.
Late adolescence is a complete nightmare.
Late adolescence is marked be the final preparations for adult roles.
Late adolescence seems to be a prime time when many autoimmune diseases strike.
Late adolescents are less bound by concrete thinking.
Late adulthood is also a tough period to go through.
Late advice is often worthless.
Late afternoon brings a break for a barbecue beef dinner.
Late afternoon brings the songbirds back to the feeders and the birdbaths.
Late afternoon continue to Edinburgh.
Late afternoon enjoy a delightful cruise on the Zambezi with sundowners and canap s.
Late afternoon enjoy a quiet stroll or picnic on the grounds.
Late afternoon enjoy a sightseeing tour to the city.
Late afternoon is a good time to visit.
Late afternoon is a great time to be outdoors - but a terrible time to be driving.
Late afternoon is a special time as necks of swans flight-in to claim their night roosting sites.
Late afternoon is almost always bad.
Late afternoon is best for spotting eagles.
Late afternoon is best, as the sun is setting.
Late afternoon is excellent for computer work.
Late afternoon is free.
Late afternoon is just a horrible time.
Late afternoon is the best time to cut roses.
Late afternoon is the best time to shoot, because the light is warm and produces nice textures.
Late afternoon is the best time, just about an hour or two before dark.
Late afternoon is the best time.
Late afternoon lighting and just the right cloud to pull the composition together.
Late afternoon meet the biking tour host for equipment fitting.
Late afternoon stimulates a better attitude and loads more tolerance for others' goofiness.
Late afternoon walks and swimming.
Late afternoon walks, in small study groups, of remaining sections of the city east and south walls.
Late appeals are late.
Late applicants are subject to being left out of advertising and program.
Late applicants can apply throughout the year.
Late applicants receive left over space if available.
Late application can reduce flower size.
Late application is permitted.
Late application is possible.
Late application limits the possibility of receiving financial aid.
Late application provides reduced disease suppression.
Late applications are a problem for both third parties and the court.
Late applications are at a severe disadvantage.
Late applications are more prone to injury.
Late applications are possible, but are on a space available basis.
Late applications are subject to a reduction or denial of aid.
Late applications are the main reason for refusal.
Late applications are very unlikely to result in the receipt of scholarship aid.
Late applications are welcome as long as room is available.
Late applications jeopardize their eligibility for limited funds.
Late applications limits the possibility of receiving financial aid.
Late applications require an additional fee.
Late applications take lowest rank in the order of choosing.
All late applications are subject to a late fee.
Late arrival counts as an absence.
Late arrival disrupts the class and is discourteous to others.
Late arrival is confirmed upon receipt of deposit.
Late arrival is counted an absence.
Late arrival is disruptive and inconsiderate of students and instructor.
Late arrival is extremely disturbing to the class and to the instructor.
Late arrival is extremely disturbing tothe class and to the instructor.
Late arrival is highly discouraged .
Late arrival is highly discouraged.
Late arrival is unacceptable.
Late arrival is very disruptive and strongly discouraged.
Late arrival is very disruptive and violates our basic philosophy.
Late arrival means a late paper.
Late arrivals are absent.
Late arrivals are acceptable with an advanced deposit or credit card guarantee.
Late arrivals are by prior arrangement only.
Late arrivals are by special arrangement only.
Late arrivals are disruptive and require repetition of explanations.
Late arrivals are disruptive for the instructor and the students.
Late arrivals are disruptive to class activities.
Late arrivals are disruptive to everyone.
Late arrivals are disruptive to the class and instructor.
Late arrivals are disruptive to the class as a whole.
Late arrivals are disruptive to the class atmosphere.
Late arrivals are disruptive to the class.
Late arrivals are disruptive to the instructor and students.
Late arrivals are disruptive to the instructor and to other students.
Late arrivals are disruptive to the professor and to the other class members.
Late arrivals are disruptive, inconsiderate and unprofessional.
Late arrivals are disruptive.
Late arrivals are distractive and discouraged.
Late arrivals are highly discouraged.
Late arrivals are okay provided hosts are aware of the arrival time.
Late arrivals are possible by prior arrangement.
Late arrivals are subject to cancellation and the above listed penalties.
Late arrivals are very disruptive to the students and teachers who are starting class on time.
Late arrivals can be disruptive so please make every attempt to arrive on-time.
Late arrivals can be very distracting to both the lecturer and other students.
Late arrivals can play that days golf on the following day or on day of check out.
Late arrivals can register at the general registration table.
Late arrivals can result in shortened or canceled programs.
Late arrivals can still get in if they know the combination for that day.
Late arrivals cause class interruptions.
Late arrivals count as absences.
Late arrivals count as half absences.
Late arrivals count as time missed.
Late arrivals create a poor impression by wasting time and interrupting the speakers.
Late arrivals disrupt an already short class period.
Late arrivals disrupt announcements, discussions and lectures.
Late arrivals disrupt class discussion.
Late arrivals disrupt class, so please be on time.
Late arrivals disrupt discussions and readings.
Late arrivals disrupt our proceedings, so please get to class on time.
Late arrivals disrupt the class and interfere with lecturing and learning.
Late arrivals disrupt the class and interrupt the learning process.
Late arrivals disrupt the class and the learning environment.
Late arrivals disrupt the class atmosphere, esp.
Late arrivals disrupt the class, so please arrive on time.
Late arrivals disrupt the class.
Late arrivals disrupt the entire class.
Late arrivals disrupt the flow of the class.
Late arrivals disturb both the instructor and students.
Late arrivals disturb everyone.
Late arrivals disturb other students and the flow of lectures and class discussions.
Late arrivals disturb the class.
Late arrivals end up a LONG way from the stage.
Late arrivals have a much shorter wait to enter the waiting room.
Late arrivals have to disarm the system upon entering.
Late arrivals hinder the educational process since lessons are disrupted.
Late arrivals pull into town, shaky from hours on the road.
Late arrivals require and advance notice.
Late arrivals risk seeing their nationality imperially and royally screwed.
Late arrivals slow the whole group.
Late arrivals welcome with advance notice.
Late arrivals welcome.
All late arrivals are guaranteed bookings.
Late assessments can result in delayed or minimum payments.
Late assignment are subject to penalties.
Late assignments add to everyone's workload.
Late assignments are better than no assignments.
Late assignments are grounds for failing the internship course.
Late assignments are only acceptable at the instructor s discretion.
Late assignments are projects turned in after class period at which they are due.
Late assignments are subject to a grade reduction.
Late assignments are subject to a one-half grade reduction.
Late assignments are subject to a penalty of one letter grade.
Late assignments are subject to grade reduction.
Late assignments are subject to penalty.
Late assignments are unacceptable and missed work can be made up only for excused absences.
Late assignments can overwhelm the instructor's grading schedule.
Late assignments come in at half credit.
Late assignments drop one letter grade per day late, with failure at five days.
Late assignments earn an E. .
Late assignments get a mark of zero.
Late assignments get no credit, so please write early and often.
Late assignments have a letter grade deducted.
Late assignments lose a letter grade for each class meeting day past the due date.
Late assignments lose credit.
Late assignments lose one letter grade for each day late.
Late assignments lose one letter grade for each day past the due date.
Late assignments lose one letter grade for each day that they are late.
Late assignments lose one mark per weekday late.
Late assignments lose one point per weekday.
Late assignments lose points automatically and they lose more points as time passes.
Late assignments lose points, depending on when turned in.
Late assignments lose points.
Late assignments receive a grade of zero.
Late assignments receive a letter grade deduction with an additional letter grade deduction per day.
Late assignments receive a reduced grade and delayed feedback.
Late assignments receive a reduced grade, such that B is the maximum possible.
Late assignments receive a reduced grade.
Late assignments receive an automatic grade penalty.
Late assignments receive credit maximum.
Late assignments receive half credit.
Late assignments receive no credit.
Late assignments receive no points.
Late assignments receive partial credit.
Late assignments receive zero credit.
Late assignments written at an unacceptable level earn a zero grade.
All late assignments are subject to penalty.
Any late assignments are subject to a penalty deduction of points.
Late attendance is never excusable.
Late autumn is also a time when elk often seek dense cover to hide from hunters.
Late autumn is an excellent time to add soil amendments.
Late autumn is often gray and damp.
Late autumn is the breeding season for the Atlantic grey seals.
Late awards are dependent upon available funds.
Late bars are a new craze that began last year.
Late bilinguals show some spatial separation in their representations.
Late binding allows secondary indexes to be left unchanged by a deletion.
Late binding is efficient and easy to use.
Late binding is what enables old code to call new code.
Late birds get discounts too.
Late blight affects the fruit.
Late blight can be a devastating disease of tomato.
Late blight can cause total crop loss in the field and in storage.
Late blight can cause total crop loss in the field or in storage.
Late blight can destroy a crop in a matter of weeks.
Late blight can move very rapidly through plantings.
Late blight can occur on stems as well as on leaves.
Late blight can spread rapidly, if left uncontrolled.
Late blight causes a corky, 'granular', apparently discontinuous dry rot.
Late blight causes leaf dessication on potato plants and black lesions on potato tubers and roots.
Late blight continues to be a problem on tomatoes, recently causing infections on tomato fruits.
Late blight is a disease that can destroy a tomato field in a few days.
Late blight is a fungal disease that strikes foliage and fruit.
Late blight is a fungus causing diseases which affects potatoes and tomatoes.
Late blight is a highly explosive and ephemeral disease.
Late blight is a major disease problem for the growing crop and the stored crop.
Late blight is a major problem throughout Northern and Eastern Europe.
Late blight is a plant disease that attacks both potatoes and tomatoes.
Late blight is also important in western Africa.
Late blight is blight
Late blight is blight.
Late blight is caused by a residue or seed borne fungus.
Late blight is caused by fungus that infects potatoes, tomatoes, and other potato family members.
Late blight is especially damaging during cool, wet weather.
Late blight is favored by rainy, foggy periods with cooler temperatures.
Late blight is found throughout the Midwest on commercial tomatoes.
Late blight is found when humid conditions coincide with mild temperatures for prolonged periods.
Late blight is kept in check by good management practices based on research and extension work.
Late blight is more aggressive than early blight.
Late blight is most common on Tennessee tomatoes in the late summer.
Late blight is seen as water-soaked patches that turn brown, dry, and papery.
Late blight is the most important disease of tomato in some developing countries.
Late blight is the worst potato disease.
Late blight is visible as pale green, water-soaked spots on the leaf's edges or tips.
Late blight likes high moisture conditions at moderate temperatures.
Late blight occurs mainly during cool, wet weather.
Late blight remains widely present on potato around the region.
Late blight survives on infected tubers, including discarded tubers and cull piles.
Late bloomers come to campus.
Some late bloomers remain to tempt a curious palate.
Some late bloomers telescope the season.
Late books are subject to overdue fines.
Late booking can also result in higher airfares.
Late bookings are subject to the real risk of non-availability.
Late bookings are upon request and subject to availability.
Late bookings can leave insufficient time for vaccinations to become fully effective.
All late bookings are subject to space availability and require payment in full by credit card.
Late bounds are bounds.
Some late breeders are still around, as are the immature birds of most species.
Late budgets are costly.
Late budgets waste millions.
Late bus is available for participants.
Late buses are the only exception.
Late buses provide opportunities for participating in varied extra-curricular clubs and activities.
Late calls are subject to be rescheduled.
Late cancellation forfeits deposit.
Late cancellations are subject to a charge of one day's rental.
Late cancellations are subject to a financial penalty.
Late cancellations are subject to additional fees.
Late cancellations are subject to full space charges up to a four-page unit.
Late cancellations are subject to the entire fee.
Late cancellations are subject to the entire workshop fee.
Late cancellations do occur.
Late cancellations make it very difficult to rebook the cabin.
Late cancellations receive a certificate toward a future Literacy Corner seminar.
Late cancellations receive credit toward a future seminar.
Late cancellations result in no refund.
Late capitalism aspires to a total space, a vastness of scale heretofore unknown.
Late capitalism colonizes every last vestige of traditional, non-commodified space.
Late capitalism is no less replete with structural contradictions than industrial capitalism.
Late change is much costlier than early change.
Late changes are inevitable.
Late changes can follow acute changes.
Late changes come just prior to first post.
Late charge is applied to all unpaid first half taxes.
Late charges accrue on all unpaid tickets.
Late charges accrue until equipment is returned or reported lost.
Late charges apply to payments at financial institutions after the deadline date.
Late charges are another way to encourage prompt payment.
Late charges are due before the child returns to the club.
Late charges can add up quickly.
Late checkout is available for runners by contacting the front desk.
Late children are early orphans.
Late collisions are catasrophically bad.
Late collisions mean the port is configured for half duplex and the attached device is full duplex.
Late comers are welcome.
Late comers can be both male or female.
Late comers disrupt the class.
Late commands are a bugaboo of many in agility, regardless of experience.
Late commentaries are down-graded.
Late complications are mural thrombi and aneurysms.
Late complications are uncommon.
Late complications are usually strictures.
Late complications do occur.
Late components form large proteins that disrupt membranes and kill foreign cells.
Late confirmation requires payment of substantial late fees.
Late copy is accepted at advertiser's risk.
Late copy is accepted at the advertiser's risk.
Late critiques are often of lesser value to the author.
Late cultivation can cause root pruning, leading to water stress and invasion by diseases.
Late data is just as bad as inacurrate data.
Late days apply to the final paper as well as other assignments.
Late days are from noon to noon.
Late deals can sometimes incur a ticket on departure charge plus transfer fee.
Late deaths are mostly due to second malignancies rather than to metastatic retinoblastoma.
Late decelerations are fetal distress, especially coupled with no FHR variability.
Late decelerations cause more concern.
Late degrees indicate the matter has long been thought about and the energy has thinned out.
Late delivery can cause cancellation of order or contract, with monetary consequences to supplier.
Late departures are available on request.
Late departures are subject to half-day rates.
Late developers grow for longer than early developers and they are generally taller as adults.
Late development can indicate brain damage, spinal injury, neurological problems, and autism.
Late diagnosis is common here too.
Late diagnosis is common, due to the lack of early symptoms in the majority of the glaucomas.
Late diagnosis is usually postmortem, or when the disease has reached an acute state.
Late diagnosis remains one of the major problems facing clinicians and patients alike.
Late dictators rule countries.
Most late dictators rule countries.
Late disbursements are no longer optional in the case of students who withdraw.
Late disease can cause heart, joint or brain infection.
Late drafts jeopardize the completion of the entire project.
Late drops damage our program financially and logistically.
Late duplication is seen as a bifid pelvis.
Late effects are a moving target.
Late effects are side effects of treatment that occur months or years after the treatment has ended.
Late effects can occur in almost any tissue or organ of the body.
LATE endocarditis is beyond two months post-op.
Late enrollment continues after classes start with the above three step approach.
Late enrollment is accepted and missed payments are due upon enrollment.
Late enrollment is permitted only in special cases.
Late enrollment is possible.
Late enrollment is still possible .
Late enrollment is subject to underwriting guidelines and no guarantee of enrollment is made.
Late enrollment requires medical evidence of insurability.
Late enrollments are pro-rated.
Late entrances are disruptive for other students and for the instructor.
Late entrances distract from the learning process.
Late entrances distract others and disrupt the class.
Late entries accepted on first come first serve basis.
Late entries are acceptable.
Late entries are costly.
Late entries are pro-rated.
Late entries can be very expensive.
Late ephemeris updates incur additional observing time overheads.
Late essays incur a penalty of ten points per day.
Late essays receive no marks.
Late Essays Try to get all work in on time.
Late evening brings a sharp sense of awareness in love matters.
Late evening is a good time, just before retiring.
Late evening is also the best time to feed a pet.
Late evening is the best time to look.
Late evening is the time to avoid watering a lawn if possible.
Late evening visit the city of Colombo.
Late evenings are best for viewing bears.
Late evenings are best.
Late evenings are open for the free-lance breathwork of song, dance, drumming, etc.
Late exams are all essay questions .
Late exams are down graded.
Late failures occur when a disk wears out.
Late faith is unavailing.
Late fall allows nature a last colorful blast before chilly nights put an end to the blooming.
Late fall fertilizing can help keep lawns green into winter and boost early spring recovery.
Late fall is a good time for the average bass fisherman to be on the water.
Late fall is a good time to identify native grasses making a comeback.
Late fall is a good time to visit vineyards for a taste of their nouveau wines.
Late fall is a great time to get out there and harvest.
Late fall is a quiet time in Door County.
Late fall is a relatively nice time in Ottawa, Canada.
Late fall is a wonderful time to find white-tailed deer just beginning the rut.
Late fall is also a fine time to cruise the sounds.
Late fall is also an ideal time to plant new trees.
Late fall is also when deer attain peak body weight.
Late fall is always the killing season.
Late fall is an alternative time to fertilize.
Late fall is often the best time to be here.
Late fall is rainy and overcast while winter is mild, with an early spring.
Late fall is the best time to plant trees.
Late fall is the second time for tornadoes.
Late fall is when most suppliers ship bare rooted vines.
Late fall offers the warm hues of changing leaves.
Some late fathers pass at ages.
Late fatherhood is a privilege nature bestows on men.
Late fee applies afterwards.
Late fee applies.
Late fee begins.
Late fees apply after the last registration date.
Late fees apply after the registration deadline.
Late fees apply for over-due books.
Late fees apply if renewal occurs after the expiry date.
Late fees apply starting the second day of each session.
Late fees apply to all payment arrangements.
Late fees apply to the dates of late WEB registration.
Late fees apply to unpaid tuition, whether billed or unbilled.
Late fees apply.
Late fees are a scam.
Late fees are apparently the same.
Late fees are applicable to all students enrolled.
Late fees are based on the date payment is postmarked.
Late fees are for services outside the contracted hours.
Late fees are in effect once the quarter begins.
Late fees are nonrefundable.
Late fees are non-refundable.
Late fees are payable in cash at the time of pick-up.
Late fees are payable upon assessment.
Late fees are subject to change.
Late fees are the responsibility of the individual cardholder.
Late fees are the responsibility of the student.
Late fees are to be paid at the time the equipment is returned.
Late fees are to be paid within two days.
Late fees begin for students with unpaid bills.
Late fees can be a great income booster.
Late fees charged for on-time payments lead the long list of credit card horrors.
Late fees do.
All late fees apply.
Any late fees assessed by the school are the responsibility of the individual.
Late fertilization interferes with proper hardening off going into winter.
Late filers get whatever is left over.
Late filings are subject to a fee.
Late findings can lead to last-minute changes that require additional or redesigned parts.
Late fines apply to all patrons, and accumulate at the rate of five cents per day per book.
Late fines are expensive.
Late fines are five cents a day.
Late fines are five dollars per day , up to a maximum of fifty dollars .
Late flights cost the company money and future business.
Late flooding can result in low survival and a late crop.
Late flowers have to meticulously removed as the can cause a plant to be lost overnight.
Late forms incur a late cancellation fee.
Late fractures occur in a large percentage of patients with allograft reconstructions.
Late freezes cause the greatest part of the problem.
Late frost kills flowers.
Late frost kills spring flowers.
Late frosts are common.
Late frosts can damage the flowers .
Late frosts can damage the flowers.
Late grades appear in red .
Late harvest can cause some challenges for drying and storing grain.
Late help is always more expensive and less efficient.
Late hits are also welcome here, complete with body slams and right hooks.
Late homework counts only half the number of points.
Late homework gets an immediate zero, because the answers are disclosed right after the due date.
Late homework gets no credit.
Late homework goes to the bin .
Late homework is a bad idea.
Late homework is accepted on a case by case basis.
Late homework is accepted only because of an excused absence.
Late homework is accepted only due to absence.
Late homework is accepted only in the case of an excused absence.
Late homework is accepted only under very unusual circumstances.
Late homework is accepted up to the start of the last class period.
Late homework is accepted.
Late homework is assessed a penalty of .
Late homework is considered to be no homework.
Late homework is discounted severely.
Late homework is discouraged.
Late homework is generally unacceptable.
Late homework is graded to be zero point.
Late homework is highly discouraged.
Late homework is penalized one-half point.
Late homework is subject to an automatic deduction to be determined by the instructor .
Late homework is unacceptable.
Late homework is unaccetable.
Late homework loses one point.
Late homework loses two points or more.
Late homework receives a grade of zero.
Late homework receives half credit.
Late homework receives no credit.
Late homework receives reduced credit.
Late homework receives zero points.
Late homework risks a grade of zero.
Late homeworks get no credit.
Late homeworks get one letter grade deducted.
Late homeworks hold up grading for everyone.
Late homeworks receive half credit.
Late hours are bad for young people.
Late hours can be a time of emergency shipments and hospital runs.
Late hours form the exception rather than the norm.
Some late husbands lose family members.
Some late husbands lose members.
Some late husbands lose several family members.
Some late husbands lose several members.
Some late husbands raise children.
Late infancy is the stage of 'autonomy versus shame and doubt'.
Late infection occurs weeks to months after surgery.
Late infections can prevent nuts from fully expanding and decrease nut size.
Late information is another issue to address.
Late injection permits some fuel to be wasted by wetting of the cylinder walls and piston crown.
Late injection pump timing.
Late instars have a hairy tail.
All late invoices are subject to late fees.
Late lab exercises.
Late labs lose points.
Late lactation cows, dry cows and low producers are in a positive energy balance and gain condition.
Late lead slips away as fall trouble dooms men's hoops squad.
Late leopard frogs heading for lakes, spiders ballooning, some ants out.
Late lesions are dry, scaly, and are often excoriated secondary to moderate pruritus.
Late lesions resemble gummas.
Late marriages are the latest social phenomemon.
Late material is returned with feedback and a grade on a time available basis.
Late materials are subject to applicable overdue fines.
Late materials are subject to overdue fines, as above, including faculty.
All late materials are subject to overdue fines.
Late maturity depresses reproduction, quality and production and increases maintenance.
Late media has a serious impact on our service to our other clients and their classes.
Late menopause is known to be associated with a higher risk of breast cancer.
Late menopause is the period thereafter.
Late menopause protects bones .
Late model boats personal service assured.
Late model Mustangs a specialty.
Late model paving machines permit the operator to dump the side wings.
Late models are models.
Many late models are on the market, some with a portion of the manufacturer's warranty remaining.
Many late models use flat serpentine belts that are self-adjusting and last a long time.
Late morning is the best time to pick flowers.
Late mornings are usually open on weekends.
Late moves are extremely accurate and are worth waiting for.
Late naps can interfere with nighttime sleep.
Late news is that the family had a heraldic shield.
Late night breakfasts.
Late night brings a very active bar crowd.
Late night brings out the serious boozer element and the occasional vampire.
Late night calls.
Late night chats around bonfires echo the day's activities.
Late night chats that inspire and inquire.
Late night chats with Midnight, Idaho.
Late night features hip-hop and reggae parties.
Late Night Feeding Late night feedings are especially difficult for parents.
Late night improv that promises sketch comedy, local musicians, a full bar, AND free food.
Late night is a hard time for protesters and a little encouragement goes a long way.
Late night is more time to let the dogs out, esp.
Late night is the favorite time to stop by and grab a bite.
Late night shows.
Late night snacking along with a late or a too large dinner are the biggest sins in weight control.
Late night stops.
Late night thrash to get the car ready for the first race.
Late nights are for dancing.
Late nights are good times to find performing halls empty.
Late nights do have their drawbacks, however.
Late nights precipitate the attack.
Late nodules are precursors to chiasmata.
Late Nothing can disrupt a happy carpool faster than chronically late riders.
Late notice send by bank.
Late notification is, alas, too late.
Late occlusions have a more complex etiology.
Late onset is less common, but first manias can occur even in the elderly.
Late orders are subject to an additional charge.
Late orders are subject to seat relocation.
Late paleontologists consider animals.
Most late paleontologists consider animals.
Late paper earn no credit.
Late papers are always a mistake.
Late papers are categorically unacceptable.
Late papers are down graded half a letter grade for each day late.
Late papers are down graded half a letter grade for each day the paper is late.
Late papers are due three weeks after the originals are returned.
Late papers are invalid.
Late papers are still welcome.
Late papers are subject to a lower grade.
Late papers are subject to a one-half grade penalty.
Late papers are subject to a reduction of one letter grade for each day that they are late.
Late papers are subject to penalty at the TA s discretion.
Late papers are to be dropped off only in the instructor's box in the main office.
Late papers are unacceptable.
Late papers are worthless.
Late papers are, as a rule, unacceptable.
Late papers can be subject to penalty.
Late papers cost half a grade point a day.
Late papers drop one letter grade for each day late.
Late papers drop one letter grade.
Late papers forfeit the revision option .
Late papers get lower grades.
Late papers go down a letter grade for each day they are late.
Late papers go down one letter grade.
Late papers incur a full grade point penalty for each day late, no exceptions.
Late papers incur a grading penalty.
Late papers lose a letter grade for each day later than announced.
Late papers lose a letter grade per day.
Late papers lose one letter grade for each day they are late.
Late papers lose one letter grade per day.
Late papers lose one-half letter grade per day.
Late papers lose points.
Late papers lose revision privileges, so students have incentive to work on schedule.
Late papers lose seven points for each day past due.
Late papers lose the resubmission option.
Late papers lower the letter grade one full step for each late day.
Late papers receive a five-point penalty.
Late papers receive a grade of zero.
Late papers receive at least a letter grade reduction.
Late papers receive half credit.
Late papers receive no grade.
Late papers receive only one-third credit.
Late papers receive zero credit .
Late papers require the instructor's consent.
Late papers sink grade for every class that occurs after they're due.
All late papers receive a five point deduction for each day they are late.
Late passengers produce multiple issues under the contract.
Late payment can also add to the customer's costs.
Late payment can, and frequently does, lead to business failure and job losses.
Late payment eats into profits.
Late payment is one of the main reasons why small, fledgling enterprises fail.
Late payment voids any return privilege.
Late payments are a problem for all businesses.
Late payments are payments.
Late payments are subject to a five percent penalty.
Late payments are subject to a late charge.
Late payments are subject to an extra fee.
Late payments are subject to interest charges and late fees.
Late payments are subject to interest charges.
Late payments are subject to penalties.
Late payments are subject to penalty fees.
Late payments are subject to penalty.
Late payments are subject to surcharge.
Late payments can affect job quality.
Late payments can lower a consumer's score, while a good record of paying on time can raise it.
Late payments forfeit all agency commissions.
Late payments incur terribly high late charges.
Late payments lead to fees and penalty interest rates.
Late payments reduce the score of course.
Late payments result in late fees.
Some late payments show up as negative items on credit reports.
Late penalties apply as usual.
Late penalties apply to any assignment placed in the wrong folder.
Late penalties apply, as explained in the syllabus.
Late penalties apply, as specified for each lab assignment.
Late penalties are severe and work often builds on previous work.
Late penalty applies.
Late penalty is accrued on weekends just as during the week.
Late photos show the oak beginning to assume the shape of a mature oak.
Late picking creates very luscious wines, sometimes with some residual sugar.
Late picking produces a grey-green.
Late pinches can delay flowering.
Late planes are another pocket of time.
Late planting causes the most frequent problem in beets.
Late planting favors growth of the host plant over establishment of flea beetles.
Late planting is more likely to be successful when later maturing cultivars are chosen.
Late planting is sometimes effective in avoiding infection periods in the fall.
Late planting is sometimes helpful because it gives more time for the take-all fungus to die out.
Late plantings are also more likely to require insect control.
Late plantings are less susceptible to turnip root maggot damage.
Late plantings are more susceptible to cold or freeze injury.
Late plantings grow more rapidly than early plantings.
Late plantings have the additional bonus of avoiding some insect pests.
Late plantings result in a reduction in bulb size.
Late play is tolerated.
Late points apply to incomplete assignments as described above.
Late policies are strict.
Late policy applies.
Late polls show the race a tossup.
Late posts disrupt other students schedules.
Late potatoes are best for winter storage.
Late potatoes keep well for several months in basement storage rooms and cellars.
Late potentials represent delayed conduction through diseased heart muscle.
Late pregnancy Continue regular activities.
Late presentation is an important risk factor for blindness caused by advanced glaucoma.
Late products consist of mainly lapilli-sized juvenile deposits.
Late projects lose a full letter grade.
Late projects receive a grade of zero.
Late projects receive grades of zero.
Most late proteins are structural components of the virion but some early genes are also made late.
Late protests are due the day before the appraisal review board approves records for the year.
Late recurrence is more common in adult medulloblastoma.
Late registrants are responsible for all of the required course assignments and tests.
Late registrants have a limited choice in park sites, and can register until all teams fill.
Late registrants pay more.
Late registration are still possible.
Late Registration Beginning with the first class meeting, the instructor's signature is required.
Late registration begins - Late fee effective.
Late registration begins at the conclusion of the registration period.
Late registration begins on the first day of classes and continues for one week.
Late registration begins that same day.
Late registration begins the first day of class.
Late Registration begins the first day of classes, with a late fee assessed.
Late Registration begins the first day of classes.
Late Registration begins three weeks prior to the first day of class.
Late registration begins.
Late Registration begins.
Late registration carries an additional fee.
Late registration closes two weeks before the test date and requires an addition fee.
Late registration continues until meeting start-up the first day.
Late registration continues.
Late registration ends .
Late registration ends for all students.
Late registration ends.
Late registration is accepted if there are seats available.
Late registration is accepted on a space available basis only.
Late registration is accepted with special approval only, depending on available space.
Late registration is accepted with the payment of a late registration fee.
Late registration is also available.
Late registration is always a gamble.
Late registration is anytime after that date.
Late registration is available At The Door Only.
Late registration is available only during the first week of each semester.
Late registration is available only for courses with openings.
Late registration is available today.
Late registration is available, but please call ahead.
Late registration is available.
Late registration is compatible with payment by cheque , bank transfer or cash .
Late registration is conducted during the first week of each semester with a late fee assessed.
Late registration is conducted immediately prior to the beginning of classes.
Late registration is conducted the first two days of school each semester.
Late registration is discouraged due to the amount due to the amount of course content missed.
Late registration is discouraged due to the amount of course content missed.
Late registration is held during the first week of class.
Late registration is legal.
Late registration is open to all the students.
Late registration is permitted during the first week of the scheduled class.
Late registration is permitted for emergencies only.
Late registration is permitted for one week after classes begin.
Late registration is permitted only by approval of the graduate standards committee.
Late registration is permitted only in exceptional cases.
Late registration is permitted through the fifth day of classes in any quarter.
Late registration is permitted through the second week of the fall and spring semesters.
Late registration is possible during the first five days of class.
Late registration is possible if space is available.
Late registration is possible on a space-available basis.
Late registration is possible only if space is available.
Late registration is possible upon course coordinator's approval.
Late registration is possible with an extra fee.
Late registration is still available .
Late registration is still possible.
Late registration is subject to availability of space.
Late registration is subject to availability.
Late registration is subject to instructor approval.
Late registration is the first two days of the term.
Late registration is T-shirt option only.
Late registration makes it difficult for the grade coordinators to finalise teams.
Late registration occurs after the first class meeting but before the second class meeting.
Late registration poses problems for the program including the cancellation of classes.
Late registration requires an additional fee.
Late registration runs through the first week, or the second meeting of class.
Late registration takes place during the first two weeks of the semester.
Late registration takes place during the first week of classes each term.
Late Registration takes place the first week of classes each semester.
Late registrations are only possible when there are openings.
Late registrations are possible at the conference office.
Late registrations are still possible at slightly increased fees.
Late registrations are subject to availability of workshops .
Late registrations are welcome with space available and instructor's permission.
Late registrations are welcome, but the cost is the same.
Late registrations begin first day of the session and runs to the third day of the session.
Late registrations cause the committee a lot of difficulty and extra work.
Late registrations have limited options for class times and locations.
Late registrations hinder our staff in organizing the most effective institute for all participants.
Late registrations incur a small additional fee.
Late renewal is retroactive to the anniversary date.
Late renewals are still subject to the overdue policy stated above.
Late renewals are subject to penalties.
Late reports are penalized points.
Late reports are subject to automatic fines.
Late reports are subject to loss of points.
Late reports drop one letter grade per day.
Late reports receive no credit.
Late reports result in a failed work term.
Late reports say that Chinese military personnel entered the plane as soon as it landed.
Late reports show that some growers used freeze covers to protect acreage from the cold.
Late requests are subject to availability of funds.
Late requests can lead to disappointment.
Late reservations are always welcome.
Late responses are certainly welcome.
Late responses are less likely to be assigned their preferred topics.
Late responses get no points for that lab.
Late return constitutes additional days rental.
Late return is charged as a purchase.
Late returns are liable to a daily fine according to the tariff.
Late returns are subject to fines .
Late returns are subject to fines.
Late returns are unacceptable.
Late returns can affect the type of rate assigned to the rental.
Late returns inconvenience the students and teachers next in-line for materials.
Late season weeds cause problems.
Late season build-up of spider mites are common on honeylocust.
Late season is like that, with most of the aggro visitors long gone.
Late season is when fungicides become really important.
Late show has topless female performers.
Late show is I.D. only show.
Late shows are unreserved.
Late Shows can be comedy, short drama, dance or anything, really.
Late shows run weekends only during the fall, spring and winter.
Many late sightings are thought to be false or due to confusion with mourning doves.
Some late singers receive injuries.
Some late singers receive serious injuries.
Late sleepers can rise to the smells of a delicious meal being prepared.
Late sleepers get a continental breakfast.
Late slips mean last choices.
Late spermatids are more organized and more developed than early spermatids.
Late Spring begins one of our favorite fishing times of the year.
Late spring begins the fresh fruit season, and among the early fruits are delicious strawberries.
Late spring boasts fewer tourists and more local flavor in nearby towns.
Late spring brings flocks of eagle rays and flounders and rays inhabit the sandy flats.
Late spring brings many nesting birds and wildflowers.
Late spring can be especially good, too.
Late spring frosts that defoliate the trees have much the same effect.
Late spring is a busy time in the area.
Late spring is a good time to see wildlife and a variety of wildflowers.
Late spring is a time when most places experience their most dramatics and changeable skies.
Late spring is also the best time to add new aquatic plants.
Late spring is an amazing time in our garden.
Late spring is best from wildflowers, autumn for a good show of fall colors.
Late spring is best.
Late spring is cool and frequently overcast until mid-day.
Late spring is family time for garden dormice.
Late spring is the best time for feeding.
Late spring is the best time for planting sprigs.
Late spring is the best time to burn big bluestem stands.
Late spring is the best time, when the tree is richest in sugars.
Late spring is the calm before the summer flood in the game industry.
Late spring is the ideal time to go out for a stroll and see the sights and sounds of the city.
Late spring is typically warm by day and cool enough in the evening for a light sweater.
Late spring is usually a rest time for the hunt horses and a time for breeding hounds.
Late spring is when they appear on the stark, hollow stems.
Late spring is whitewater season on the New River.
Late springs allow more time to get sprayers up and running and clear brush from the orchards.
Some late stages show development.
Late starts increase the possibility of getting caught in the dark.
Late students are disruptive and have a detrimental effect on any class.
Late students are solely responsible for making sure their attendance is recorded.
Late students disrupt the class and interfere with a proper learning environment.
Late students disrupt the class.
Late submission is a reason for invalidation.
Late submission is acceptable only if accompanied by a medical certificate.
Late submission is penalized if accepted.
Late submission is still a bad idea.
Late submission is subject to penalty to be imposed by the lecturers as they see fit.
Late submissions are only possible if they are cleared in advance.
Late submissions are subject to being downgraded.
Late submissions are subject to penalty.
Late submissions are subject to point deducations at the rate of one per week.
Late submissions are unacceptable.
Late submissions are worth zero points.
Late submissions earn no points.
Late submissions generate fewer points.
Late submissions get no credit.
Late submissions have less chance of obtaining the necessary visa.
Late submissions lose points.
Late submissions makes getting the final program together much more difficult than it needs to be.
Late submissions receive no credit.
Late submissions receive zero points.
Late submissions require permission from one of the instructors.
Late submissions risk to lose their presentation slot.
Late submissions run the risk of rejection without consideration of merits.
Late submissions suffer loss of grade points.
Late submissions suggest poor planning and preparation.
Some late submissions are still under consideration.
Late subscribers receive all publications for the subscription year.
Late summer brings a riotous flowering in open fields and meadows.
Late summer brings a string of war anniversaries that still prompt painful debate.
Late summer brings a variety of insects to a trout stream.
Late summer brings an abundance of seeds and berries on many plants.
Late summer brings dry hills and flow more conducive to wading.
Late summer brings migrating shorebirds and peregrine falcons to the island.
Late summer brings plenty of opportunities for late summer walleye action.
Late summer brings thunderstorms.
Late summer dries out the forest lands and grass cover.
Late summer highlights the prairie grasses, asters and solidagos.
Late summer is a good time for paying attention to grasses.
Late summer is a good time to inspect trees for above-ground symptoms of collar rot.
Late summer is a good time to see the asters, goldenrods, and coneflowers in bloom.
Late summer is a great time for establishing cool season forage crops.
Late summer is a great time to go, too.
Late summer is a magnificent time of year.
Late summer is a slow time for home maintenance and cleaning companies.
Late summer is a time of reckoning, however.
Late summer is a time when streams go dry and water gets scarce.
Late summer is a very busy time for tourism in the Rocky Mountain region.
Late summer is also a good time to deworm the ewes prior to breeding.
Late summer is also an excellent time to overseed thin lawns.
Late summer is an excellent time to observe both resident and migrant birds.
Late summer is an excellent time to seed reed canarygrass.
Late summer is an ideal time to divide and transplant most perennials.
Late summer is an important time for bison.
Late summer is an interesting time.
Late summer is off season.
Late summer is one of the best times to plant.
Late summer is somewhat slower with fall fishing somewhere in between.
Late summer is the beginning of our rainy season.
Late summer is the best time to trap.
Late summer is the only time to see the bear rightside up in the early evening.
Late summer is the perfect time divide perennials here in the Northeast.
Late summer is the prime season there.
Late summer is the turning point for any company.
Late summer is typically the perfect time to save herbs.
Late summer is typically when feedstuffs are cheapest.
Late summer is when the festival circuit really heats up.
Late summer is wonderful in new Mexico when the landscape is littered with red fields and rooftops.
Late summer marks the start of mating season for tarantulas.
Late summer offers the best viewing.
Late summer sees the appearance of tender, young sweetcorn in the shops and markets.
Late summer tends to be hot and humid.
Late sun angles in the south-facing window of the laundry room.
Late suppers are particularly injurious.
Late surrender is available against a ten.
Late surrender is the more popular form of surrender offered by most casinos in the United States.
Late symptoms are pain, numbness or weakness in the face.
Late syphilis causes inflammation of the largest artery in the body, the aorta.
Late syphilis is less contagious to others but is extremely dangerous to the person who has it.
Late talkers vary enormously.
Late teens have issues about autonomy, identity, relationships, academic challenges.
Late tests are to be made up within three school days of the original test date.
Late themes receives a penalty grade reduction.
Late theses earn lower grades.
Late timecards require the default pay period to be overridden - equally painless.
Late transfers round out rookie class . .
Late transition occurs in midlife when skipping periods begins.
Late treatments allow some weevils to lay eggs, and early treatments miss later-emerging pests.
Late twenties graduate.
Late validation is done on the first day of each term.
Late varieties seem to be more sensitive to long day lengths or high temperature conditions.
Late volunteers delay the entire team.
Late vouchers result in late paychecks.
Late vouchers result in two-week pay delay.
Late war fieldgray wool with gray lining.
Late winter brings a special season of change when the earth is caught between sleep and new life.
Late winter brings on the spawning season for our largest fresh water game fish, the northern pike.
Late winter burning on an annual basis appears to be the best management scheme.
Late winter edges farther and farther away and is supplanted by greener signs.
Late winter is a busy time for a gardener.
Late winter is a critical time for birds and other wildlife as they search for food sources.
Late winter is a good time to do a little rearranging in the landscape.
Late winter is a good time to fertilize existing food plots.
Late winter is a great time for rejuvenation pruning.
Late winter is a perfect time to move plants before they open their sleepy leaves.
Late winter is also a good time to divide rooted suckers of raspberries and hazelnuts.
Late winter is most desirable especially in the mountains.
Late winter is most desirable, especially in the Mountains.
Late winter is the time to prune grape and wisteria vines.
Late winter is the time to start many seeds indoors such as broccoli, cauliflower and tomatoes.
Late wood contains xylem with small diameters and thick walls.
Late work disrupts the flow of a course and is cumbersome to evaluate.
Late work drops a full letter grade each day that it is late.
Late work gets a lower grade.
Late work hurts an environment of positive participation.
Late work is abhorrent and can never achieve a top grade.
Late work is accepted but with a penalty.
Late work is accepted only during the next scheduled class.
Late work is accepted only under the most extreme circumstances.
Late work is accepted only upon the discretion of the instructor, and subject to a lower grade.
Late work is accepted only upon the discretion of the instructor, and subject to lower grade.
Late work is accepted only with instructor's prior approval.
Late work is accepted purely at the instructor's discretion.
Late work is accepted up until the Chapter Test is closed.
Late work is assessed a five percent penalty for each class session that it is late.
Late work is better than no work.
Late work is defined as any time during or after the class meeting on the due date.
Late work is defined as any work which is turned in at any time after the class meets.
Late work is discounted.
Late work is downgraded one letter.
Late work is due at the beginning of class on deadline day.
Late work is in general abhorrent and can never achieve a top grade.
Late work is marked down one letter grade for each day late.
Late work is marked down one letter grade per day.
Late work is ordinarily unacceptable.
Late work is penalized a letter grade for every day the project is late.
Late work is penalized one letter grade for each day that the paper is late.
Late work is penalized, one point per day.
Late work is penalized.
Late work is reduced one grade for each day it is late.
Late work is simply unacceptable.
Late work is subject to a one letter grade penalty if made up within one week.
Late work is subject to one letter grade deduction in mark.
Late work is subject to penalties as according to current university regulations.
Late work is subject to penalties.
Late work is subject to penalty.
Late work is taken only at the instructor's disretion.
Late work is thus unacceptable.
Late work is unacceptable .
Late work is unacceptable except with prior notification of the instructor for a justifiable reason.
Late work is unacceptable.
Late work is unprofessional.
Late work loses a third of a grade per day, beginning with that class.
Late work loses a third of a grade per day.
Late work receives half credit.
Late work reduces course grades.
Late work results in a zero.
All late work is penalized.
All late work is subject to a loss in credit.
Lateglacial specimens are known from Champlain Sea deposits and Newfoundland in Canada.
Lately romance is in the air again.
Latency periods are part of childhood.
Most latency periods are part of childhood.
Latency phases are part of childhood.
Latency stages are part of childhood.
Most latency stages are part of childhood.
A latency is an interval
Latencies are low enough that accessing the remote bus has the appearance of a local transaction.
Latencies are potential.
Latencies are the big network problem.
Latencies Pipelined chips often feel as if they're suffering from a little lag.
Latency affects the pace of the conversation.
Latency can be a big problem.
Latency can be a confusing term.
Latency can be very low, but bandwidth per processor also tends to be low.
Latency can cause problems for videoconferencing.
Latency CAN change over time.
Latency can impact the speed of web browsing, voice conferencing, and other activities.
Latency can last for decades.
Latency can vary considerably, as can bandwidth utilization.
Latency denotes the delay between two events.
Latency histograms for latency distribution.
Latency increases the distance between the apparent and the real position of an object.
Latency is a make-up of Internet connection speed and server speed.
Latency is delay.
Latency is demonstrably present in law.
Latency is exceptional - as low as two milliseconds.
Latency is important for interactivity and throughput is important for accuracy and realism.
Latency is life long.
Latency is low.
Latency is measure of how long it takes for data to travel over any given link.
Latency is one measure of learning.
Latency is one.
Latency is round trip time, or lag there and back again.
Latency is unaltered.
Latency isa interval.
Latency refers to length of time between chemical exposure and the onset of symptoms.
Latency refers to the amount of time the drive has to wait for the data to pass over the head.
Latency refers to the delay a voice signal experiences as it travels through the phone network.
Latency refers to the latency between the element and another system.
Latency refers to the number of clock cycles needed to read a bit of information.
Latency refers to the time it takes to retrieve data from memory.
Latency suffers as a consequence.
Latency using cable modem or institutional web connections is negligible.
Latency varies by packet size since the entire packet needs to be received prior to transmission.
Latency worsens as bandwidth declines.
Lateness counts as an absence for the day.
Lateness is timing
Latent defect means it takes an expert to discover the defect.
Latent defects establish the failure rate in the useful life region.
Latent diseases tend to come to life during times of stress.
Latent energy is released and distributed throughout the nervous system.
Latent functions are associated with etic and operational models.
Latent functions are recurrent consequences normally overlooked, and often considered with dismay.
Latent heat causes an object to change state.
Latent heat is absorbed when ice melts and water evaporates.
Latent heat is extremely important in severe weather.
Latent heat is heat
Latent heat is heat.
Latent heat is in essence, the gas of the hurricane engine.
Latent heat is released as the inner core material crystallizes.
Latent heat is released in the condensation process that adds energy to the growing storm.
Latent heat is released in the freezing and condensation processes.
Latent heat is released when steam condenses on a cold surface causing proteins to coagulate.
Latent heat is released when vapor condenses into water and then freezes.
Latent heat is removed through ventilation.
Latent heat is responsible for keeping a cold drink with ice colder than one without ice.
Latent heat is the energy released when a substance changes state.
Latent heat is the energy taken up by the air as water changes phase.
Latent heat is the heat moved by water evaporating and condensing higher up in the atmosphere.
Latent heat is the key ingredient for all severe weather.
Latent heat is the key to understanding weather because it is the major source of energy for storms.
Latent heat is what powers tropical cyclones.
Latent heat warms air.
Latent heat warms cool air.
Latent heat warms surround air.
Some latent heat plays roles.
Latent image is the invisible image produced by exposure which can be made visible by development.
Latent infection is seen as the scabby, superficial lesions on roots.
Latent infections are hidden infections.
Latent learning suggests the presence of mental variables in learning, such as cognitive maps.
A latent period is an interval
Latent periods can be short or long.
Latent prints are among the most valuable and common types of physical evidence.
Latent prints are leftover prints from previous users.
Latent viruses can hide inside host cells for a long time and then all of a sudden become active.
Latent viruses continue replicating without damaging the host cell.
Later abortions are more difficult to get.
Later abortions cost more.
Later abortions produce fully recognizable body parts or even whole, fully formed babies.
Later accounts give a detailed description of the confessors' sufferings.
Later additions are costly and time consuming.
Later additions are in flint, the local stone.
Later additions lend space for modern-day living.
Later afternoon rides into the wilds are available.
Later analyses suggest insufficient energy from fusion.
Later animals have a more realistic look and have been carved with more detail.
Later applicants have a reduced chance of obtaining a fellowship.
Later application requires the approval of the student's dean.
Later applications are less effective.
Later applications are welcome if space is available.
Later applications considered as space is available.
Later applications have no guarantee to be considered in time.
Later appointments are available on some days.
Later arguments are more high-minded, if no less wacky.
Later arrivals can only get in if one of the earlier arrivals dies.
Later arrivals have a much shorter wait to enter the waiting room.
Later articles add more and more detail to create an interesting virtual environment.
Later articles deal more with change in people's personal lives.
Later articles deal with the history of the park.
Later artists build on each of the terms that went into the modernist sublime.
Later assemblages contain endscrapers and retouched blades.
Later assignments involve the student in practical applications of more difficult drafting problems.
Later attacks are more serious for men as well as women because of associated disease.
Later attributes become objects.
Later backups affect only new or changed files, and are completed in much less time.
Later bills enact actual changes in taxes and spending and fill in the details.
Later books are more difficult.
Later books reflect scientific progress and enlightenment.
Later bookings have to be made by the participants themselves.
Later borns migrate past earlier born cells.
Later bulletins have an order of services in English.
Later cancellation incurs a penalty fee.
Later cartoons are better images.
Later cases remove the s partition as the long s becomes discarded.
Later catalogs show the general layout, but they charge a fee for the detailed plans.
Later censuses are closed to protect the privacy of living persons.
Later censuses contain immigration and naturalization information.
Later chapters address non-normal situations such as premature birth.
Later chapters address specific economic questions surrounding climate-change policy.
Later chapters are devoted to regions of the Peninsula.
Later chapters are immediately accessible to the trained statistician.
Later chapters are more a recitation of changes in the product line as it matures.
Later chapters are stand alones and progress, slowly, as they get older.
Later chapters assume some familiarity with Galois theory.
Later chapters assume some knowledge of the various positions within applied linguistics.
Later chapters become much more challenging.
Later chapters concentrate on American developments.
Later chapters cover how to safely observe and photograph eclipses.
Later chapters cover letters, opinion letters, memoranda, and briefs.
Later chapters cover more specific aspects of koala biology and management.
Later chapters cover reports, joins, views, subqueries, and security.
Later chapters cover the appropriate use of Type .
Later chapters cover two further classes of models both of which entail discontinuous perturbations.
Later chapters deal with art direction, real-life shoots and working with children.
Later chapters deal with maintenance and troubleshooting.
Later chapters deal with tactics and strategy, and computer chess.
Later chapters deal with the crucial questions of land ownership and the circulation of gifts.
Later chapters deal with the judiciary and taxation of costs and legal aid.
Later chapters deal with troubleshooting.
Later chapters describe rehabilitation, returning home, and learning to live independently.
Later chapters discuss adopting, caring for, and training a puppy.
Later chapters discuss history, cultural studies, psychology, and emerging trends.
Later chapters discuss power plant safety, high-level waste, and diversion of fissile material.
Later chapters discuss the preparation of typescripts, speaking at meetings, and writing theses.
Later chapters elaborate theoretical foundations for the assessment framework.
Later chapters examine specific American genres and defining meals.
Later chapters explain how every goal of human health, psychology, and environment can be fulfilled.
Later chapters explain how to configure and use an e-mail program.
Later chapters explain how to customize the X environment.
Later chapters explore media businesses and the part advertising plays.
Later chapters focus on examples of application.
Later chapters focus on games, training, grooming and preventing aggression.
Later chapters give greater detail.
Later chapters go into more detail about the model offered.
Later chapters have recurring and often interlaced themes.
Later chapters help students learn how to get around, get a hotel room, use the phone, and more.
Later chapters introduce basic XML concepts using named conventions that are easier to reference.
Later chapters introduce more positions, scale and arpeggio studies, etc.
Later chapters introduce the object-oriented approach to problem solving and software development.
Later chapters move on to more specific implementations, focusing on art, drama and technology.
Later chapters stray further from the circle.
Later chapters take up the challenge from philosophy and the arts.
Later chapters talk about the reaction of different people in the community to the fund drive.
Later chapters teach sand casting, cuttlefish and charcoal casting, and the use of rubber molds.
Later characters can include letters, underscores, and numeric digits.
Later charts incorporate jujitsu joint breaks and throws.
Later children are able to tell the story.
Later chips contains actual processor core with additional units.
Later claims add a third action.
Later classes emphasize the acquisition of vocabulary through reading and oral practice.
Later clinics are elsewhere in the region.
Later coins are less popular, easier to find, and comparatively less expensive.
Later communions become common place and often thoughtless.
Later complications stem from disorders in the structure and function of blood vessels.
Later conchas are oval with more stamped decoration and perhaps turquoise.
Later congresses find the Marxist charges to be false.
Some later contests are also available in postscript format.
Any later contributions are to be used for upkeep and maintenance.
Later corrections are almost impossible.
Later correspondence becomes more topically diffuse.
Later correspondence deals mainly with the family genealogy.
Later correspondence includes their children.
Later correspondence is organized chronologically.
Later courses emphasize research and clinical skills.
Later courses focus on specific applications, such as networking, graphics or scientific computing.
Later courses introduce more advanced methods of data processing and analysis.
Later crop is light in hot climates, heavier in coastal climates.
Later cuttings are usually the one attacked most severely.
Later cycles tend to be a little shorter.
Later damage takes on a characteristic orange to tannish-orange color.
Later deaths occur at a constant, age-independent rate.
Later decades show the history and growth of the Internet and Cisco company milestones.
Later denials are illogical, and in fact designed to mislead the public.
Later departure is possible if cleared with the manager.
Some later descriptions treat the wisent as conspecific with the American bison .
Some later descriptions treat the wisent as conspecific with the American bison.
Later development is irregular, both sex- ual and asexual stages being seen together.
Later development is likely to include some sort of rudimentary iron sights.
Later diaries become more sketchy.
Later diaries mention more graves.
Some later Disciplines go into more detail about procedure.
Later discussion addresses the lack of distance units.
Later discussions furnish additional information about some roll listings.
Later dispatches indicate that the tempest is of far wider range than was at first indicated.
All later distributions are fully taxable.
Later drafts are the place to concentrate upon sentence-level grammar conventions.
Later drawings are investigative, instructive, and preparatory.
Later echoes arrive from the upper steps.
Later echoes come from deeper in the body and are used to shade more distant parts of the image.
Later editions are also in color.
Later editions are available.
Later editions are hard-bound.
Later editions are more likely to display a full coordinate grid which is much easier to use.
Later editions contain progressively fresher news and go to smaller areas.
Later editions exist.
Later editions indicate a source has been revised and updated.
Later editions indicate that a source has been revised and updated to reflect changes in knowledge.
Later editors attempt to display the effect and hide the tags from the user.
Later elaborations make use of specific properties of rowboats.
Later engines have an electric cooling oil bypass valve for the rotor cooling.
Later entries call for even more troubled times.
Later entries center chiefly on family activities.
Later entries give age, pension amount and nativity.
Later entries lessen considerably in frequency and somewhat in detail.
Later eruptions can also flow into existing lava tubes if they are still open.
Many later evangelists agree and lament the demise of the the office of evangelist.
Later events are at the top.
Later events exonerate the hero.
Later exams are in the library.
Later exams cover aspects which bring statistics and the business world together.
Later examinations differ, but the first two apply to both societies.
Later examples consider concentration and intra-battle reinforcement and maneuver.
Later examples show how to request a specific machine or queue.
Later examples show the actual electron density distribution.
Later examples tend to be red in colour, harder and white-slipped.
Later examples use procedures defined in earlier examples.
Later exegesis has a tendency to prefer spiritual explanations.
Later expansion is a possibility.
Later expression is mostly within the head and somites.
Later faith has room for mysteries.
Later feed is decreased to prevent overfattening.
Later figures show the number continues to increase.
Later files are predominantly about health care reform.
Later findings indicate X-linked transmission.
Later flights are shorter.
Later formulas can result in rather long regular expressions.
Later frames have a plate installed by the factory to strengthen the joint.
Later frames show the effect of increasing amounts of diffraction.
Later games add a much needed menu system for conversations.
Later generations are active in state and local associations, in community affairs, and in business.
Later generations develop on other crops.
Later generations enter their produce through the roof or yard in order to exempt it from tithes.
Later generations feed mostly in the shuck at the base of the nut and do little damage.
Later generations feed on foliage or in green shucks, causing little damage.
Later generations feed on the undersides of leaflets and cause little damage.
Later generations learn from previous ones to act likewise.
Later generations seem to cause very little damage.
Later generations show further intermarriages.
Later girls get another boost and take the lead during their late teens and early twenties.
Later groups have more lessons.
Later growth closes the notch, and the limpet goes on to make the shell symmetrical.
Later growth is centred at the basal part of the young leaf in an intercalary meristem.
Later harvest can improve quality of fruit.
Later harvests are superior.
Later harvests result in dropped ears, stalk breakage, and leaf loss which reduces yield.
Later head is drawn back, often the back is rigid.
Later hearings are in microfiche format in the microforms area.
Later heating releases the trapped electrons, producing light.
Later homework is worth nothing.
Later hours are available by appointment.
Later images show a much more attractive and less cluttered version.
Later images show later times, when more structure forms due to gravitational attraction.
Later images show students in back-packs and a woman watching a young boy heading off to school.
All later impressions have to crowd in, find a place among many impressions.
Later improvisation comes to enlarge the scope of the work.
Later Indents contain more information such as a physical description, native place, age and crime.
Later indexes give no help.
Later industry includes a coal fired power station.
Later infection is on the foliage beginning on the lower part of the plant and developing upward.
Later infections cause less damage.
Later infections produce dark- green to black, circular lesions on the fruit.
Later information is more accurate but also more expensive to collect.
Later injury includes leaf folding and leaf tying.
Later innovation is limited to modest improvements on increasingly optimized designs.
Later insiders dump their shares at large profits creating price slides that devastate investors.
Later instars are difficult to control.
Later instars are greenish with dorsal and lateral whitish bands, and with a brown head capsule.
Later instars are reddish brown.
Later instars are similar in appearance, but become progressively browner and redder.
Later instars are sissile and look like scales.
Later instars consume the entire leaves.
Later instars devour the leaf, leaving only a few large veins.
Later instars eat the entire leaf, at most leaving the midrib, or other veins.
Later instars feed on leaves which are webbed togethei and retained on the plant.
Later instars feed on older foliage and clip off small twigs.
Later instars have a distinct black spot on each side of the first thoracic segment.
Later instars have conspicuous wingpads.
Later instars have fully-functioning legs and feed externally.
Later intensity is increased, for example by walking briskly, or by alternate walking and jogging.
Later interpreters deal with the problem by making different arguments.
Later investigations explore tessellations on the sphere and inscribed Platonic solids.
Later issues are available to members only.
Later issues are for one week with no renewals.
Later issues are in pdf format.
Later issues are still available to order .
Later issues are worth perhaps half of the above value ranges.
Later issues contain author and subject indexes.
Later issues have complete, undisturbed gum with no faults except hinging.
Later issues have the parameter file included as part of the web page.
Later justice comes to all.
Later leaves are alternate, sessile, crowded around the stem, entire or toothed, and often hairy.
Later lectures discuss how the genetic information is stored, accessed, replicated and read.
Later legs can have two route choices, both on handrails.
Later lenses have a chrome face.
Later lessons can introduce more advanced topics.
Later lessons focus on research for a writing assignment and the efficient use of the Internet.
Later lessons provide conversational practice.
Later lessons rely on the accurate completion of the earlier ones.
Later letters focus more on the details of life in a Victorian insane asylum in the deep South.
Later letters touch on all manners of subjects, judicial, political, and personnel.
Later levels are better, and, strangely, easier.
Later levels are inventive and shadows are impressive.
Later levels fare a lot better.
Later levels give evidence to burins, blades, fishtail points, manos, and metates.
Later levels have even more drastic types of armed response, ranging from feds to tanks.
Later levels have players forming plurals, finding synonyms, and more.
Later levels utilise different starting notes, and intervals played in different directions.
Later lines feature the flute and bass playing the same melody.
Some later lines support the latter interpretation.
Later locomotives have one engine temperature gauge only.
Later lookups generate a new dentry and mount attempt.
Later manifestations are a rapidly progressive dementia and ataxia with myoclonus.
Later markers reflect the Victorian period's interest in classical art and architecture.
Later marriage is increasingly common in Asia, the Middle East and some parts of Latin America.
Later material is in the general collection.
Later materials are chiefly routine family items.
Later materials are primarily membership lists.
Later materials relate chiefly to family matters.
Later materials use a more serious tone to lend credibility to racist and sexist messages.
Later meetings focus on discussions of the experiences gained from programming actual systems.
Later meetings rely on papers from the primary literature.
Later models allow the fin position to be adjusted.
Later models are fully tuneable.
Later models are more up to the task.
Later models are of the same design but of welded construction.
Later models are with a high mounted layshaft.
Later models come with a built in bow pulpit, and all have transom doors.
Later models feature different paint schemes for each, see images below.
Later models has the thermal fuse located on the heater element housing.
Later models have a detachable tail.
Later models have a large crossed cannons on the right of the pistol grip.
Later models have a similar method of recording external data.
Later models have a ten-inch turntable.
Later models have a turboprop engine.
Later models have round knobs without the bars.
Later models have the other functions printed on the keys as well.
Later models read and cashed checks and even dispensed coin as well as paper currency.
Later models use physics to account for as many phenomena as possible.
Some later modifications are worth mentioning.
Later modules are light beige or white.
Later modules consider the study of the locality and the development of twentieth century Britain.
Later movements can be more profound and distinct thumps.
Later movies are shown on television stations .
Later movies are shown on television stations.
Later movies show it to have ridges on top, and a serrated toxic tip at the end to lacerate enemies.
Later music is more mass-produced speedmetal.
Later myths feature narratives about the transporting of Achaean bodies back to Hellenic soil.
Later names are illegitimate.
Later news tell, that the bracelet was probably a forgery.
Later novels get a little philosophic, but the plot continues relentlessly.
Later ones detect it and reject the article.
Later ones examine detailed internal nuclei and tracts in a three-dimensional perspective.
Later ones feed after harvest on noncommercial suckers.
Later ones have a window based interface, they are easier to use and are now sold with the compiler.
Later ones have green transparent reels.
Later ones have nine terminals.
Later ones seem to have rubberized grommets where the tent peg loops are.
Later ones sit atop mechanized or wheeled vehicles, or fly in helicopters.
Many later ones have links to the actual articles.
Later options override earlier ones.
Later options override earlier options on the command line.
Later orders cost less since they already had a master and film on hand.
Later oxidation is due to atmospheric and groundwater circulation through the open fracture system.
Later pages discuss some of the variations between railway companies.
Later pages let users enter names, addresses, phone numbers and desired delivery schedules.
Later pages look at how they're being used by specialist and general publishers.
Some later papers contain preprints that are in hypertext form.
Later Parents wonder how video games effect their children.
Later passengers transfer by road.
Later passports contain a photograph of the passport holder.
Later pearl appear at intervals anteriorly along the course of the lamella.
Many later performances exist and are slowly being documented.
Later phases allow small amounts of carbohydrates.
Later phases call for an upper deck to be added on the north and east.
Later phases reveal a large central window defect.
Many later philosophers refer to the work .
Many later philosophers refer to the work.
Many later photographs are oblique aerial shots - familiar landscapes from unusual perspectives.
Some later pictures show a vertical neck-slit in the front of the under tunic.
Later plans call for building a church, a rectory, and a convent.
Later plans call for the motorway's extension to Athens.
Later plans involve the use of residential and outreach components.
Some later plans are blueprints provided by naval architects or government agencies.
Later planting helps winter cereals escape population buildup of aphids in the fall.
Later planting is unlikely to produce good ground cover.
Later plantings are quite variable due to soil and moisture conditions.
Later plantings can be successful, if the plants are watered well until established.
Later plantings have several advantages compared to earlier plantings.
Later plantings reduce yields.
Later plantings result in large, leafier plants and more inter-plant competition.
Later poets do the same thing, for example, Homer.
Later points add accuracy.
Later presentations are usually due to the asymptomatic latent period.
Later pressings are multisession.
Later pressings have green ink.
Later printings are forgeries, but made by original plates.
Some later printings add works missed in earlier printings, etc.
Later problems are also much less likely to occur.
Later problems relate more to liver disease .
Later projects depend on previous ones to function properly.
Later projects go into more detail.
Later prolactin helps with lactation.
Later prototypes are evolutionary and are gradually refined to become the finished product.
Later publications claim the name was adopted from a Himalayan language .
Later publications have decaying acidic pages as well.
Later puzzles involve matching triples.
Later quotations have the entire word in lower case.
Later racers get a chewed up, rutted course.
Later reality intrudes.
Later realizations come from , as required.
Later records are chiefly concerned with a series of earthquakes.
Later records turn up in the City of London and later on in Greenwich.
Later references point to the cross as the focal point of the hour.
Later registers supply more information than earlier ones.
Later rehearsals move into the theatre.
Later religions have a single scripture.
Later reports are narrative in style with more information available.
Later reports claim that a chisel was found nearby.
Later reports claim the to had been slain before being placed on the tracks.
Later reports claim the two boys had been slain before being placed on the tracks.
Later reports claim the two had been slain before being placed on the tracks.
Later reports indicate that there are also problems with Word.
Later reports indicate the pilot was actually a man.
Later reports show Germany got a bum rap.
Later requests forfeit all payments.
Later residents claim existence of ghosts.
Later retirement is a partial answer to the problems of aging populations and increased longevity.
Later revelation builds on earlier revelation.
Later revelation serves to complement and supplement what has come before.
Later revisions are acceptable.
Later revisions are of slight importance.
Later revisions can address matters of clarity and correct form.
Later rolls share the disadvantage of the census returns in being arranged by address.
Later roots turn rusty-red or brown and die.
All later roots are adventitious, being produced from the plant's stem.
Later routines can then call into the closure.
Later salary is dependent upon performance.
Later scenes are more emotional, emphasizing sorrow and courage.
Later scenes show a nightclub.
Later scenes show the wall to be undamaged.
Later scripture grows insistent.
Later sections amplify each aspect of the process with explanatory information.
Later sections become more detailed and provide excellent examples of noise reduction techniques.
Later sections deal more with examples of specific errors.
Later sections deal with the cases of nonunit masses and nonzero damping constants .
Later sections describe it in detail.
Later sections describe special instructions or differences for each of the scripting languages.
Later sections describe the utility routines and the underlying data structures they manipulate.
Later sections examine how to build user interfaces with forms and controls.
Later sections explore the shopping, attractions and events.
Later sections focus on developing a monitoring plan and schedule.
Later sections focus on feeding problems, obesity, special needs children, and eating disorders.
Later sections instruct how to analyze and optimize both server and network performance.
Later sections outline the implementation of the package.
Later sections override earlier ones.
Later sections provide additional detail.
Later sections refer to topics discussed in previous sections.
Later sections specify the definitions and our solution in more detail.
Later segments explore the powerful hold sex exerts over all living things.
Later sensors incorporate a modified design.
Later sequences suffer from more unstable transmissions.
Later service is spotty.
Later sessions concentrate on skill development, application, and feedback.
Later sessions introduce search costs, unemployment benefits, recessions, and education.
Later settings override earlier ones.
Later signs are low blood pressure, a weak pulse, pale face, clammy hands and feet, and confusion.
Later songs are less exciting.
Any later speculations are incomplete.
Later speeches focus on organization of a presentation, body language, vocal variety, etc.
Any later sponsorship takes over charges from an earlier sponsorship.
Later spots dry up and drop out of leaf.
Later stages are external parasites of spider egg sacs, and perhaps bee or wasp larvae.
Later stages become typical fruit feeders damaging cotton squares and bolls.
Later stages can cause pain.
Later stages can require chemotherapy or radiation and surgery.
Later stages have increasing costs, but the risk of failure is less.
Later stages invade the haemolymph and damage various organs including the gills.
Later stages occur, as the disease worsens.
Later stages show regenerating fibres with central nuclear chains and basophilic sarcoplasm.
Some later statistics say just under seven hours a day.
Later steps break down the individual cell walls of the starch.
Later steps involve restoring emotional resources, physical reflexes and nervous system balance.
Any later sting can be life threatening.
Later stones show that image gradually softening and evolving into an angelic figure.
Later stories go farther.
Later stories reveal that the gang's experiences vary widely when they reach adulthood.
Later students can copy letters, then words and then sentences from the board.
Later students read their chosen quotation to the class.
Later studies find that sperm counts tend normally to vary from geographic region to region.
Later studies indicate that vitex affects the pituitary, modulating or normalizing it's activity.
Later studies progress to the more abstract grammar, reading and writing.
Later submission requires resubmission of a new plan of study.
Later submissions receive no credit.
Later submissions replace earlier ones with no penalty, and late submissions are ignored.
Later substitutions are only possible with the agreement of the chief referee.
Later surgeries are necessary to correct respiratory and facial deformities.
Later symptoms are pink or white berries that shrivel up on the bush.
Later symptoms can be equilibrium problems, numbness of extremities, and tremors.
Later symptoms can vary from small discolored patches to large, irregular dead areas.
Later symptoms involve cognitive and motor problems.
Later symptoms resemble normal senescence.
Later tasks involve file maintenance and browsing problems.
Later teams arrive and in a more respectable hour.
Later teams get ready for a water balloon battle to help wash off the eggs.
Later technologies are available on a worldwide basis.
Later temperatures are warm with low humidity.
Later terms inherit the attributes of earlier terms.
Later terminations cost more.
Later testimony indicates that it was the opposite.
Later testimony says that the earth was divided many years later.
Later testing can affect social development skills.
Later thinkers amend society, rather than the individual.
Later times pose problems with higher air fares.
Later tradition has it that they cut off their right breast to become better archers.
Later tradition puts it at forty-seven years.
Later traditions connect the Fast of Av with subsequent tragic events in Jewish history.
Later traditions speak of the arrival of new rulers from the east.
Later translations contain fairly extended passages.
Later treatment involves cross-training, stretching and the use of orthotics.
Later treatment takes longer because the bug is more entrenched.
Later treatments are without effect.
Later treaties are full-text.
Later trends transf.
Later trilobites are all small.
Later type has shorter lip and no holes.
Later types have bluer colors, indicating a larger relative rate of recent star formation.
Later types show developments exclusive to England.
Later units can drop from space onto unsuspecting enemy cities.
Later units cover policing, criminal adjudication, and post-conviction strategies.
Later units have smaller pipe, less coil, and a smaller box.
Later variants attempt to email the author.
Later variants have other attachments.
Later variations become more naturalistic.
Later variations give greater emphasis to the second part of the fonte rather than the cadence.
Later varieties are more likely to be affected than early ones.
Later version are currently incompatible.
Later version has an integral handle.
Later versions are also available as separate packages.
Later versions are better.
Later versions are fixes and enhancements to that.
Later versions are incompatible with earlier versions.
Later versions ascribe the same fault to men.
Later versions can replace earlier versions of the component.
Later versions contain an integrated text editor, and graphical user interface.
Later versions contain bug fixes and are more stable.
Later versions fail because of exception handling.
Later versions have it on, by default.
Later versions incorporate much effort by many net.helpers.
Later versions make the heroine merely the daughter of a Southern senator.
Later versions offer more variation.
Later versions provide other collections of information.
Later versions remain in service.
Later versions show a lock on the left side of the status bar.
Later versions use a simpler spark gap made of copper wire.
Later versions use a technique that amplifies optical signals directly.
Later versions use light or diluted kefir, vinegar, mineral water, or even beer instead of kvass.
Later versions use windows fonts.
All later versions allow the lady to take off with the gypsies never to be seen again.
All later versions are ok as well.
Later views show a pepperpot design.
Later volumes cover manorial history.
Later volumes cover stage and film performances.
Later volumes give physical descriptions.
Later volumes have no jackets, as issued.
Later volumes require a journal subscription.
Later volumes update earlier entries.
Later winter is the time to prune many deciduous trees.
Later work involves building and testing several simple sequential logic circuits.
Later writers make many other statements.
Later writers speak of the good and bad being ruined, and there was a 'consuming famine'.
Later writings describe a land in chaos.
Later years are cursory and focused on the activities of the sisters rather than the school.
Later years are much better.
Later years become progressively better.
Later years focus on the development of an individual portfolio of work.
Lateral alignment is controlled when sidewall beam is produced and set at the site.
Lateral approach is used.
Lateral attitude is maintained by differential rotor thrust.
Lateral balance is important, but the front to back balance is even more crucial with founder.
Lateral bands indicate growth direction.
Lateral bend occurs from head to tail along the horse's entire spine.
Lateral bores extend from the main bore to the desired target depth.
Lateral braces provide permanent structural bracing.
Lateral branches are sheared and the terminal shoot is pruned.
Lateral branches dedicate to photosynthesis.
Lateral branches develop that eventually terminate in a flowery cluster.
Lateral branches emerge from axillary buds , which are apical meristems located at the stem nodes.
Lateral branches lead to the other appendages.
Lateral branches produce leaves.
Most lateral branches dedicate to photosynthesis.
Most lateral branches produce leaves.
Lateral buds are on the sides of a stem.
Lateral buds are smaller and blunter.
Lateral buds are smaller and often suppressed.
Lateral buds are smaller than the terminal buds.
Lateral buds become brown and drop off.
Lateral buds become flowers.
Lateral buds form in the upper angles where the leaf is attached to the stem.
Lateral buds give rise to lateral shoots.
Lateral buds grow farther back along the stem, at places called nodes.
Lateral buds grow into new rhizomes.
Lateral buds grow into plants.
Lateral buds grow out to form new rhizomes.
Lateral buds look like snakeheads to some observers.
Lateral buds produce shoots.
Lateral buds promote growth.
Most lateral buds become flowers.
Most lateral buds grow into plants.
Most lateral buds produce shoots.
Most lateral buds promote growth.
Some lateral buds grow into new branches.
Some lateral buds produce plants.
Some lateral buds produce rhizomes.
Lateral cabinets hold more files.
Lateral candidates are preferred.
Lateral chest radiograph in the same patient.
Lateral coagulation is minimal.
Lateral communication is necessary for the general coordination and implementation of activity.
Lateral compression produces the characteristic dimple sign.
Lateral confinement is achieved by depletion of the gated region.
Lateral conjugation takes place between two cells placed immediately next to the basal cell.
Lateral control is maintained by moving hand and leg from side to side as a unit.
Lateral control is provided by a combination of ailerons and spoilers.
Lateral currents can push swimmers or divers downcoast into rocks and other dangerous obstacles.
Lateral design loads due to wind and seismic.
Lateral divisions are flexible.
Lateral ends articulate with scapulae forming shoulder girdle.
Lateral entry is an example.
Lateral epicondylitis is a common problem among physically active individuals.
Lateral epicondylitis is a symptom
Lateral epicondylitis is inflammation of the tendons of the finger extensor muscles.
Lateral epicondylitis is the term used to describe what is commonly known as backhand tennis elbow.
Lateral erosion is a second way in which a stream valley develops.
Lateral erosion leads to lower relief.
Lateral expansion is proposed into a creek and wetlands area.
Lateral extensions reach to the duct like process present on the ventral surface of the swimbladder.
Lateral eyes are like simple eyes of insects.
Lateral eyes are relatively shallow while apical eyes are moderately deep.
Lateral eyes are shallow and apical eyes are moderately deep.
Lateral eyes make it possible to take in more of the visual world at one time.
All lateral faces are isosceles triangles.
Lateral fields distinct.
Lateral files are another option for storage under a worksurface.
Lateral files are more flexible in terms of filing.
Lateral files have a stabilizer mechanism to prevent side sway.
Lateral film showing a large right pulmonary artery strongly suggests pulmonary hypertension.
Lateral fins move in waves.
Most lateral fins move in waves.
Lateral fissures divide each lobe horizontally.
Lateral flexion is performed normally.
Lateral flexions require humerus outward rotations and ulna flexions.
Lateral flow moves out of the soil patch and is lost to the system.
Lateral forces act in a constant direction.
Lateral form promises intuitive creation in construct.
Lateral growth starts.
Lateral heterogeneity results in different flow rates and compositions along strike of the margin.
Lateral inhibition enhances contrast between stimuli.
Lateral inhibition finds many uses throughout the brain.
Lateral inhibition is a process that animals, including humans, use to better distinguish borders.
Lateral inhibition is one of the major themes of development.
Lateral inhibition is the most commonly known form of computation by neural networks.
Lateral inhibition is ubiquitous in sensory systems.
Lateral inhibition is very common both in the animal and the plant kingdom.
Lateral inhibition occurs in most other sensory systems as well.
Lateral inhibition occurs repeatedly in Drosophila development.
Lateral interviewers place the ball in the applicant s court.
Lateral leg swings Stand arm's length from a wall and place both hands on the wall for support.
A lateral line is a sense organ
Lateral line arches over pelvic fin.
Lateral line extends through the tail.
Lateral line is almost straight.
Lateral line is obsolescent.
Lateral line is straight or nearly so and complete.
Lateral lines are part of amphibians.
Lateral lines are part of fish.
Lateral lines are sense organs.
Lateral lines are the fish equivalent of hearing.
Lateral lines are visible grossly.
Lateral lines are vital for schooling , predation , and orientation .
Lateral lines are vital for schooling, predation, and orientation.
Lateral lines lead from the zone valves to the sprinkler heads.
Lateral lines serve an important role in schooling behavior, predation, and orientation.
Lateral lines supply water to the emission devices from the main or submain lines.
Lateral load is used to control the lateral support forces and the axial correction forces.
Lateral magnification is the ratio of image height to object height.
Lateral maps are one way to identify and relate ideas and issues to one another.
Lateral marketing occurs by 'structured accidents' and design.
Lateral meristems form xylem.
Lateral meristems occur in the region where the leaf's petiole is attached to the stem.
Lateral mobility is physical movement of individuals or groups from one region to another.
Lateral mobility is the geographical movement of individuals or groups from one region to another.
Lateral moisture flow a definite problem.
Lateral moraine forms along the edges of the glacier.
Lateral moraines are absent.
Lateral moraines are deposits of debris such as gravel and sand along the side of a valley glacier.
Lateral moraines are formed by the rocks falling from the mountains upon the sides of the glacier.
Lateral moraines are formed on the sides of the glacier.
Lateral moraines are lines of pushed-up debris on the sides of glaciers.
Lateral moraines are parallel ridges of debris deposited along the sides of a glacier.
Lateral moraines are the mounds of till that are at the margins of outlet or valley glaciers .
Lateral moraines form along the side of a glacier and curl into a terminal moraine .
Lateral moraines form at the sides of flowing valley glaciers.
Lateral moves allow organizations to place personnel where they're needed.
Lateral moves are also possible.
Lateral moves become important.
Lateral movement is provided by side blocking.
Lateral movement is very important, so work on it.
All lateral movement shows is the ability to read the play.
Lateral nerves extend to receptors.
Most lateral nerves extend to receptors.
Some lateral petals have bases.
Lateral placement is a valid measure of curve driving performance.
Lateral plane is the underwater profile's area.
Lateral planes lie perpendicular to the view axis.
Lateral plates serve a defensive role against predatory fish.
Lateral preparations can have more adequate retention.
Lateral press gets two.
Lateral pressure is mouthpiece pressure which forces the mouthpiece up, down, or to the side.
Lateral progression counts for something.
Lateral quickness is one characteristic all good defenders have.
Lateral radiograph shows no angulation or displacement in the sagittal plane.
Lateral range is the same as the closest point of approach.
Lateral recruits are lawyers who have survived the critical first few years.
A lateral rectus is an eye muscle
Lateral rectus moves the eye vertically.
Lateral relationships are the most difficult to manage in the patriarchal world of bureaucracies.
Lateral resistance is infinite due to the solid rack walls.
Lateral resistance is obtained through the vee-ed asymmetrical hull.
Lateral resistance is provided by leeboards.
Lateral resolution is improved c.
Lateral resolution is normal to the direction of travel.
Lateral roots appear on root crops such as carrots, resulting in a condition known as hairy root.
Lateral roots are noticed even in the interspaces.
Lateral roots are wide-spreading and the taproot stout.
Lateral roots arise far back on the taproot.
Lateral roots arise from the pericycle , an internal meristem tissue in roots.
Lateral roots arise from the pericycle.
Lateral roots arise from tissue on the outside of larger roots.
Lateral roots begin from the pericycle.
Lateral roots begin to grow from the primary root just prior to emergence.
Lateral roots break through the cortex on their way out but they arise from deeper within the root.
Lateral roots have an internal origin near the Stele .
Lateral roots have taproots.
Lateral roots originate from bases.
Lateral roots produce adventitious shoots .
Lateral roots produce roots.
Lateral roots produce shoots.
Lateral roots produce vertical shoots.
Lateral roots serve another important function.
Most lateral roots have taproots.
Most lateral roots originate from bases.
Most lateral roots produce roots.
Most lateral roots produce shoots.
Most lateral roots produce vertical shoots.
Lateral rotation is a more extensive movement for the hip, and is outward about a vertical axis.
Lateral rotation is the opposite action.
Lateral scutes are smaller than the dorsal and ventral scutes.
Lateral shifts offer another way to achieve career mobility without leaving the organization.
Lateral shoots are branches that go off to the sides.
Some lateral shoots develop from rhizomes.
Some lateral shoots produce shoots.
Lateral solutions are the order of the day.
Lateral spines have no vascular tissue.
Lateral spines have tissue.
Lateral spines have vascular tissue.
Most lateral spines have tissue.
Most lateral spines have vascular tissue.
Lateral spreads occur on very low-angle slopes toward a free face such as a cliff or embankment.
Lateral stability is a truck's resistance to overturning sideways.
Lateral stability is average, neither particularly stiff nor tender.
Lateral stability lengthens bag life.
Lateral stiffness is a good thing.
Lateral stripes run from snouts.
Lateral support is provided only at the ends.
Lateral teeth are thin and very curved.
Lateral teeth elongate, thin, and straight.
Lateral teeth tend to be transitional between their posterior and anterior counterparts.
Lateral transfers occur only within a single salary structure.
Lateral transmission See horizontal transmission .
Lateral view shows developing gills and surrounding skin with head pointing left.
Lateral view shows head pointing right.
Lateral view shows macrocephaly, large ears.
Lateral views eliminate the potential artifacts of osteophytes or aortic calcifications.
Lateral water features completely line both sides of the hole.
Lateral work increases a horse s ability to perform smoothly and quickly.
A lateral is a passing
Lateral blows to knee tend to damage the medial collateral ligament.
Lateral burrows end with a soil mound or only a soil plug at the surface.
Laterals are a subclass of liquids .
Laterals are possible in many distinct positions.
Laterals can be down to three-quarters of an inch.
Laterals can be either underground or open to the elements.
Laterals can have a very slight pitch for draining.
Laterals come from it.
Laterals decrease in size towards the end.
Laterals deliver the water to project lands.
Laterals develop on canes, and stems grow on laterals.
Laterals distribute the water to the project lands.
Laterals extend from all three canals to serve the project lands.
Laterals start disintegrating.
Laterals typically start at or above their current salary.
Laterals often wither and die early in the season.
Laterality is localisation
Laterality is the third dimension of hearing.
A lateralization is localisation
Lateralization is also apparent on the cellular and chemical level.
Laterite soils are unweathered.
Laterite soils have many names.
Laterite walls surround the remains of monk quarters and a ruined viharn.
A laterite is dirt
Laterites also develop over the region.
Laterites vary significantly according to their location, climate and depth.
Lateritic residuum occupies the flanks of the palaeo-relief.
Latest action appears first.
Latest addition is a new range of clouded and plain backgrounds ideal for any photographic subject.
Latest addition provides complete multi-media blending for customer interaction management.
Latest additions appear at the bottom of the page.
Latest additions are at the top of the list.
Latest additions follow the site map below.
Latest additions have a green numeral.
Latest album has no actual songs, just vamps.
Latest analysts reports state that smart cards are poised for enormous growth over the coming years.
Latest announcements are towards the top of the page.
Latest archives are at the top.
Latest artwork is at the bottom.
Latest bargain offers click here.
Latest browser goes against bloated convention.
Latest cards are always on auction .
Latest catalogues are available for online searching.
Latest changes is in bold letters.
Latest Changes View the latest changes to the archive.
Latest client is here .
Latest collections have to be paid for, but previous collections are free to view.
Latest comments added are here .
Latest comments are first, oldest ones are last.
Latest content is listed first and oldest last.
Latest contests are below.
Latest date is when petition was received and filed.
Latest data indicate that real GDP continues to expand at a healthy pace.
Latest data indicate that women's participation in apprenticeable programs is growing.
Latest data show many widening gaps.
Latest demographics are available.
Latest details are here .
Latest developments are roundslings and webbing slings of high strength.
Latest edition is available online .
Latest edition lists numerous local and grassroots organizations.
Latest editions are available online .
Latest efforts create greening plans for whole communities.
Latest entries appear at top of the list.
Latest entries are at the top.
Latest entries are on highest numbered page.
Latest estimates indicate that New Zealand's population continues to age.
Latest estimates suggest just five lynx remain in the area.
Latest Events Get tickets to the best concerts in Europe, or the best theatre in London.
Latest exchange reports.
Latest exhibition dates.
Latest feature is the SMS-service, mentioned above.
Latest figures are of twelve persons reported dead.
Latest figures show a continued fall in the number of patients waiting for treatment in Wales.
Latest figures suggest that the rate of growth is slowing.
Latest findings show that obesity among children is fast becoming a major health problem.
Latest firmware is important.
Latest forecasts are usually available after the first week of each month.
Latest Forecasts Click here for additional locations.
Latest fraud reports, scam alerts and tips for protection.
Latest headlines contain the most current articles, arranged by region.
Latest Images are always on the main page.
Latest indications seem to be a combination of the two.
Latest information indicates that none of the seeds is assured.
Latest information is easy to locate in each section.
Latest information is offered on water softeners, water treatment and steam management.
Latest information suggests that boiler-room activities have become active again.
Latest installments are on top.
Latest issue is available on the internet.
Latest issue is on urban heat islands.
Latest issue is online.
Latest issue is referred for the expression of references and abbreviations.
Latest issue spews out nudist colonies for beginners.
Latest issues are on display.
Latest items are at the top, out of date items removed occasionally.
Latest Leads Find out the latest leads from our Book of Lists.
Latest Links View the latest new sites.
Latest management accounts.
Latest models fit the Swedish maker's 'unconventional' mold.
Latest news are on top.
Latest news has high values.
Latest news includes an examination of Cygnus A, with image gallery.
Latest news is also available.
Latest news is at the bottom.
Latest news is at the top.
Latest news is highlighted.
Latest news is listed from the top.
Latest news is published as time or situation permits.
Latest news is that five have been murdered.
Latest news is that political trouble has led to a temporary suspension in implementation.
Latest news is that some are on hunger strike.
Latest news is that they did shut it down to fix a minor problem.
Latest news is that they've finally split up.
Latest news is to the top.
Latest newsletter features articles on watershed restoration.
Latest notice appears first.
Latest operations is found on our ops page .
Latest paper shows it can influence maternal behavior in terms of young and milking.
Latest plan is to sell a turn-key network computer solution that includes an operating system.
Latest polls show the race up for grabs in Ohio and Michigan.
Latest press releases about France's main research body's activities.
Latest price offers, press releases, news and information all keep a site interesting.
Latest prices supersede all previous listing prices and are subject to change at any time.
Latest product is the vandal resistant sign.
Latest project is royal Oaks here in Houston.
Latest proposal is an improvement.
Latest release adds collaboration enhancements, including application sharing and team chat.
Latest release allows configuration of other vendor's products via additional vendor mib support.
Latest release features the ability to process requests in parallel across multiple computers.
Latest release fixes a problem with using contents of data files for search and replace.
Latest releases show some new additions, and there are more every week.
Latest report is below.
Latest report is that geese got sucked up into the engines.
Latest reports are available via web access on campus .
Latest reports are that a new firebox is now required in addition to the new barrell.
Latest reports are that it appears the funding plan has been approved.
Latest reports are that they are cutting their phone lines and shutting off water supplies.
Latest reports indicate fighting is going on.
Latest reports indicate good quality and availability on the new crop of white potatoes.
Latest reports indicate that an amicable solution is at hand.
Latest reports indicate that police had arrested one suspect in the murder.
Latest reports indicate that the residents have started to return to their homes.
Latest reports indicate the dike is holding.
Latest reports indicate the Nigeria is the most corrupted country in the world.
Latest reports say a demonstrator has also died.
Latest reports say that the masters have been lost.
Latest reports say the winds have weakened slightly, but the rain is still heavy.
Latest reports suggest the two believe they can rapidly agree the financial details of a merger.
Latest research advances in science, medicine, health and technology.
Latest research reports.
Latest research reveals that pulses are helpful in reducing blood cholesterol levels.
Latest research says no.
Latest research shows that phonics is the best reading method.
Latest research shows that phonics is the best way to learn to read.
Latest research shows that the number of web sites doubles about every nine months.
Latest research suggests that a velocity-based approach gives good results.
Latest results cover simulation of suturing of virtual soft tissue and the application of slings.
Latest results show an improvement and the share price has rallied.
Latest reviews appear first.
Latest scores Keep up with the action as it happens with our latest scores service.
Latest scribbles appear on the front page.
Latest series is on the elemental goddesses.
Latest software releases Check out the download page .
Latest statistics indicate that illiteracy in Qatar has declined in recent years.
Latest statistics indicate that rainfall over the last five years has been declining steadily.
Latest statistics show that small project succeed more often than larger ones.
Latest statistics show there have been more complaints about Internet commerce.
Latest strikes involve ammunition dumps and targets of opportunity.
Latest studies indicate that a liquid formulation works faster and better than tablets or capsules.
Latest studies prove that they are as intelligent as chimpanzees and dolphins.
Latest study sees significant rise in U.S. small businesses offering healthcare benefits.
Latest stuff is at the bottom.
Latest technology means shorter delivery times and software that's easy to use.
Latest tests indicate the page is working fine now.
Some latest textbooks treat it in footnotes or boxes.
Latest theory is a confused regulator.
Latest tour dates .
Latest tour dates etc.
Latest trend has major Net retailers licensing their most valuable technology.
Latest trend is to sharpen woodworking tools with different grades of fine sandpaper on plate glass.
Latest update adds rich text, support for automatic replies and better performance.
Latest update fixes various issues, see website for more details.
Latest update is given on the search screen.
Latest update is that the actuarial had run out of time so it needs to be re-done.
Latest version adds fax on demand and Internet fax delivery options.
Latest version adds folder sharing and automatic updating.
Latest version adds the ability to create thumbnails and previews on the fly.
Latest version allows system chiefs to spot potential hacker activity as it occurs.
Latest version can block addresses which match regular expressions, and so block adverts.
Latest version consists of two different approaches to log house problematics.
Latest version contains PC-based deconvolution algorithms.
Latest version fixes the sendmail problem, and is even better.
Latest version has external switch.
Latest version has form for email refs.
Latest version has IP-based access control option.
Latest version has significant improvements in templates.
Latest version includes a number of fixes.
Latest version includes auto-configuration support.
Latest version includes many new features.
Latest version includes new additional track and final track times from the master.
Latest version includes resume download capability.
Latest version includes Russian, Italian, Spanish, Dutch, German languages.
Latest version includes sample essays and marked essays.
Latest version includes wide range of sample essays and marked essays.
Latest version is freeware.
Latest version is very stable.
Latest version supports deletion of files in multiple directories.
Latest version supports international PC-Phone calling.
Latest versions are available here .
Latest versions are stable.
Latest versions see under Documents .
Latest video covers kayak surfing in all types of boats from sit on tops to competition models.
Latest violence leaves four dead.
Latest volume contains cumulative author index.
Latest volume contains cumulative index to all volumes.
Latest volume contains indexes by company and personal names.
Latest volume contains title, author, and subject indexes to all previous volumes.
Latest volume has cumulative author, title and nationality indexes.
Latest volume has cumulative index of authors.
Latest volumes provides comprehensive index for the series.
Latest weather reports from around the world.
Latest word is that caffeine negates the strength increase.
Latest word is that Dominica is experiencing some power shortages due to equipment outages.
Latest word is that everything is going well.
Latest word is that they company is planning on more lay offs.
Latest word is to expect an announcement next month.
Latest word is to pack a sack lunch.
Latest work focuses on interactive real-time approaches.
Latest works are currently on display, showing several different styles and techniques.
Latest year has table of contents and abstracts only.
Latest years are on the web.
Latex agglutination assays for toxins lack specificity often creating false positive results.
Latex allergies can be as life threatening as any other medical condition.
Latex allergies can be life threatening.
Latex allergies can be life-threatening and endanger the public health and safety.
Latex allergies can be life-threatening.
Latex allergies can change a person's life.
Latex allergies may have reaction.
Latex allergies seem to be increasing.
Latex allergies stretch beyond rubber gloves.
Latex allergy affects approximately three million people in the United States.
Latex allergy can affect both health care workers and patients.
Latex allergy can induce clinical reactions to specific foods.
Latex allergy can present as either immediate or delayed hypersensitivity.
Latex allergy occurs when the body's natural defences against an allergen come into force.
Latex allergy seems to be less common but can be life threatening.
Latex balloons are biodegradable when exposed to sunlight and the elements.
Latex balloons are especially lethal because the material completely obstructs airways.
Latex balloons are particularly dangerous.
Latex balloons come in assorted colors without an imprint.
Latex balloons seem to contain a much higher level of allergen than even some of the worst gloves.
Every latex condom manufactured in the United States is tested for defects before it is packaged.
Some latex condoms are plain, dry, and non lubricated.
Latex foam offers the firmest support, while goose down provides the ultimate in softness.
Latex gloves are available free of charge.
Latex gloves are available in the test booth.
Latex gloves are cheap and great.
Latex gloves are fine.
Latex gloves are for sissies.
Latex gloves are less expensive than synthetic rubber gloves and therefore widely used.
Latex gloves are located in laboratories.
Latex gloves are necessary when dealing with chemicals or bio-hazardous material.
Latex gloves are the major contributor for latex allergies.
Latex gloves are the most common cause of latex allergies and severe latex allergic reactions.
Latex gloves are the most common cause of latex allergies and severe latex allergy reactions.
Latex gloves are the thin line of defense against infection.
Latex gloves are usually less expensive than synthetic rubber gloves.
Latex gloves are usually the first choice of laboratory personnel.
Latex gloves are very permeable to methyl methacrylate and quickly deteriorate when exposed.
Latex gloves come powdered or powder-free.
Latex gloves have a much lower defect rate.
Latex gloves have some protection against irritants and infectious agents.
Latex gloves offer dependable and inexpensive protection.
Latex gloves offer very limited chemical resistance.
Latex gloves protect against bloodborne pathogens and biohazards.
Latex gloves provide the best protection.
Latex paint can have film formation interrupted before it has totally formed.
Latex paint has less hazardous ingredients.
Latex paint is a part of coating and sealing technology.
Latex paint is a suspension of finely divided synthetic resins in water.
Latex paint is accepted at all convenience centers during normal operating hours.
Latex paint is available in all the various finishes for interior and exterior applications.
Latex paint is considered a combustible.
Latex paint is consolidated and reblended into a good quality exterior beige-colored paint.
Latex paint is easy to apply and can be cleaned with soap and water.
Latex paint is easy to clean.
Latex paint is highly flammable.
Latex paint is labeled as such or has instructions to clean up with water.
Latex paint is less toxic, yet it can still cause damage.
Latex paint is non-hazardous.
Latex paint is paint
Latex paint is recycled as a curing powder for cement based products.
Latex paint is the paint of choice for wall and ceiling surfaces.
Latex paint is used because it allows gas exchange.
Latex paint needs to be dry.
Latex paints are also mildew resistant.
Latex paints are durable, easy to apply, and retain their color well.
Latex paints are easy to work with.
Latex paints are safer than oil-based paint because they are free of flammable and toxic solvents.
Latex paints are the usual choice for masonry, but buy one which is designed for use on masonry.
Latex paints are water-thinned.
Latex paints have two other major advantages.
Latex paints Let paint harden in can.
Most latex paints do contain some solvents, but much less than oil-based paints do.
Latex allergy and latex sensitization in children and adolescents with myelomeningocele.
LaTeX file , ps file , pdf file , dvi file .
LaTeX file for full papers here .
LaTeX fill paragraph added.
Latex gloves from different sources vary in the amount of latex protein detectable on the surface.
Latex gloves if skin is sensitive.
Latex gloves, they said, offer superior protection and dexterity in many cases.
Latex has characteristics.
Latex has other characteristics.
Latex has quality.
LaTeX help .
Latex includes natural rubber.
Latex includes rubber.
Latex irritates skin.
Latex is exudates.
Latex is paint
Latex is paint.
Latex is polymers.
Latex is rubber.
Latex is software.
Latex isa material.
Latex isa stuff.
Latex paints in optimum conditions dry quickly.
Latex paints use vinyl binders and a water carrier.
Latex paints use water as the solvent and are therefore less toxic.
Latex paints, paper coating, adhesives, safety glass.
LateX template available for proceedings.
LaTeX template for scribe notes.
LaTeX template for transparencies in landscape mode.
LaTeX template for transparencies.
All latex has a tendency to shrink.
More latex is applied and the clamped mold again is placed into the kiln to dry.
Most latex comes from professionally managed estates.
Most latex has characteristics.
Most latex has other characteristics.
Most latex has quality.
Most latex includes natural rubber.
Most latex includes rubber.
Most latex irritates skin.
Most latex is produced in Africa and Southeast Asia.
Some latex consists of monomers.
Some latex contains enzymes.
Some latex has density.
Some latex has flaws.
Some latex has minimum temperature.
Some latex has responses.
Some latex has strong responses.
Some latex has temperature.
Some latex is stretched over the top of the water-filled cylinder.
Latham soils are moderately deep to a paralithic contact and formed in residuum.
Lathe bed scales.
Lathe maintenance Perform basic lathe maintenance.
Lathe operators run machines that spin materials at high speeds.
Lathe work are all available in small to medium lot runs with responsive delivery schedules.
A lathe is a machine tool
Lathes are the principal machine tool used in turning.
Lathes trim the outside of the bowls, while corers ream holes for the tamp and the draw.
Most Lathes have two tapped holes on the tail end of the saddle for mounting a follower rest.
A lather is foam
Lather isa foam.
Lathers apply support frameworks for ceilings, walls, and building partitions.
Lathers are foam.
Lathers are workmans.
Lathers usually nail, screw, staple, or wire-tie the lath directly to the structural framework.
A laticifer is a duct
Laticifers are absent.
Laticifers are highly elongated cells which produce a fluid called latex.
Most laticiferous plants have large folk medicinal roles.
Latin alphabet is used.
Latin anima means soul.
Latin Authors Explore the lives and works of some important ancient Roman writers.
Latin beans give the blend crisp acidity.
Latin CDs are notorious for their lack of liner notes.
Latin clubs thrive in the Mission.
All Latin countries require U.S. citizens to have a valid passport.
Some Latin countries are concerned with what they see as excessive U.S. influence.
All Latin courses are year long and build upon one another.
Latin culture is very different in so many ways, like the food and the way people party here.
Latin culture puts heavy emphasis on respect for the family, especially for one's mother.
Latin dancing has a nicer, closer atmosphere, and it sticks to less of an outline.
Latin dancing is a very good work-out and fun to learn.
Latin dictionaries give the first vowel in gladiiis and gladiolus as short.
Latin entertainment is the core offering.
Latin explosion is a misnomer.
Latin families are very close.
Latin girls are so hot.
Latin grammar includes the passive periphrastic and indirect statement.
Latin groove sets the atmosphere into party mode featuring the rhythm section.
Latin influence is subtle.
Latin inscriptions accentuate the arches of the church.
Some Latin instruction is included, there is a crossword puzzle page and historical trivia.
Latin lettuce looks like a cross between romaine and butterhead.
Latin literature shows signs of progymnasmatic compositional blocks as early as the Augustan age.
Latin majors are hot.
Latin manuscripts illuminate only the initial letter of a word.
Much Latin material is available on the web.
Latin Moments are worth extra credit points.
Latin music can also be slow, romantic, and even melancholy.
Latin music can be boring, too, because it's only tonic and dominant.
Latin music has Latin soul.
Latin music has to offer.
Latin music is different than American music because of the clave.
Latin music is here, and it's here to stay.
Latin music is hot.
Latin music is popular.
Latin music is so hot right now, though.
Latin music is so lively-it's cool.
Latin music plays quietly in the background, and on weekends there is a live band.
Latin music plays unobtrusively in the background.
Latin music stomps all night.
Much latin music is accompanied by song in Spanish .
Much latin music is accompanied by song in Spanish.
Latin names are accurate worldwide.
Latin names are often better, as they are universal.
Latin names do make some sort of odd sense however.
Latin night is a blast.
Latin nights are a natural.
Latin nouns are 'declined', or changed, according to how they are used in the sentence.
Latin nouns come in five classes, or spelling groups, also called 'declensions'.
All Latin nouns have the properties of case , number , and gender .
Latin outlook is good .
Latin peoples are more likely to touch while talking.
Latin players tend to take longer to gain strength.
Latin salsa seems to be more popular now.
Latin sentences stand-alone as well as connected passages.
Latin sex offers stories and pictures as well as links to videos.
Latin sites are scarce and hard to find, let alone Latin educational sites.
Some Latin societies have histories or cultures which have made the transition easier.
Some Latin songs feature obscene lyrics.
Latin sources present other complexities.
Latin squares are good for scheduling round-robbin tournaments.
Latin squares are useful in the design of experiments.
Latin Students learn additional vocabulary and new points of grammar and syntax.
Latin study gives students a sense of continuity and perspective.
Latin Stuff Works Out in Hollywood.
Many Latin teachers suffer from an acute sense of isolation.
Latin Terms Italicize academic references such as cum laude.
Latin text is in italic font.
Latin texts obtainable through ftp.
Latin textbooks are on a different adoption cycle that is set by the state.
Latin translation consists of pure analysis.
Latin transliteration is generally satisfactory for Meroitic scholars.
Latin verbs can be one of six tenses.
Latin verbs have four principal parts.
Most Latin verbs have four principal parts .
Latin verse is given deserved attention.
Latin virgins can get a women everything they want.
Latin vowels look like English vowels but generally have different pronunciation.
Latin women appreciate well dressed, neat appearing men. .
Latin women appreciate well dressed, neat appearing men.
Latin women are among the most beautiful on earth.
Latin women are among the most exotic women in the world.
Latin women demand power, leaders discuss growth.
Latin women like to see well dressed men in their photos.
Many Latin women are resentful of past relationships.
Latin words fall upon the facts like sot snow, bluring the outlines and covering up all the details.
Every Latin word has as many syllables as it does vowels or diphthongs.
Latin isa language.
Latina babes get naked.
Latina beauty is everywhere . . .
Latina entrepreneurs are a rapidly-growing business segment.
Latina Girls erotica for women nude sex pictures of amateur latina girls and their friends.
Latina magazine is the nation's first bilingual lifestyle magazine geared toward Hispanic women.
Latina readers share true stories of their most horrific dates.
Latina teens have no idea where the hidden cameras are.
Latinized names have genders which are expressed in the last syllable.
Latino art is very hot now in New York and all over the country.
Latino businesses struggle to survive district's dot-com takeover.
Latino children are twice as likely to lack health insurance than other ethnic groups.
Latino children are usually the first in immigrant families to learn English.
Latino children have equal access to quality education from early childhood to higher education.
Many Latino children face obstacles to receiving a decent education.
Latino culture encourages touching.
Latino guard has no shot but is quick and likes to carry the ball and drive.
Latino leaders are eager to embrace a new status as the nation s largest minority of color.
Latino life is alive and well.
Latino men are most likely to be employed as operators, fabricators, or laborers.
Latino men have gay sex Gay sex large penis asshole action Gay sex movie .
Latino parents are very protective of their kids.
Most Latino parents prefer their children to learn English as soon as possible.
Latino population remains an important issue.
Latino spirituality has a festive character.
Latino students are more likely to be at a disadvantage for several reasons.
Latino women have a higher percent of high blood cholesterol levels than men.
Latino workers continue to be at higher risk than other workers.
A latitude is an angle
Latitude isa angle.
Latitudes are also different.
Latitudes are liberty.
Latitudes are lines parallel to the equator.
Latitudes are lines.
Latitudes are planetographic.
Latitudes are positive north of the equator.
Latitudes are scope.
Latitudes are the lines that run horizontally on a map and are parallel to the equator.
Latitudes are zenographic.
Latitudes specify the North-South position of a location on the globe.
Latitudes superbly fills that void.
All latitudes find some mammals reproducing seasonally, even in the deep tropics.
Any latitude makes a mockery of the process.
More latitude is available here, any topic related to hiking or the outdoors is appropriate.
More latitude is granted there for discussion.
Much latitude is left to the instructor to use the material in creative ways.
Some latitude is given individual managers to offer discounts.
Some latitude is necessary.
Some latitude is permissible in choosing a chapter name.
Some latitude is possible.
Latitudinal movement occurs in both northern and southern directions.
A latke is a cake
Latkes are cheaper to mail than fruitcakes.
Latkes fall apart in the oil.
A latrine is a facility
A latrine is a toilet
Latrine Check out the link below for a gallery of outdoor toilets.
Latrine is a bit of a stretch.
Latrine is intended to be set up inside of a tent or small building.
Latrines are also available.
Latrines are among the first structures built.
Latrines are in the middle on each floor and are individual style with showers.
Latrines are out, except in established spots.
Latrines are public toilets.
Latrines are scent marked from lateral glands on the flanks of the animal.
Latrines eliminate the source of intestinal parasites.
Latrines occur throughout and at the edges of their range during the breeding season.
Latrines serve the basic needs with washstands located near each cabin.
Latter albums are strong and they seem to be moving in a positive direction recently.
Some latter conditions lead to infection.
Latter course makes sense.
Latter factors contribute to life history patterns.
Latter factors contribute to patterns.
Most latter factors contribute to life history patterns.
Most latter factors contribute to patterns.
Some latter factors depend on ability.
Latter half includes some marketing.
Latter observations note that racial classification by genes have no basis.
Some latter observations suggest roles.
Latter spelling uses the newer 'softer' rendering of Chinese pronunciation.
Latter techniques use products.
Most latter techniques use products.
Latter type relate to resonances of field lines and magnetospheric cavity .
Some latter types occur in patients.
Latter isa status.
Some latters affect internal quality.
Some latters affect quality.
Some latters create situations.
Latteral diffusion is movement parallel to the membrane surface.
Latterly tourism makes a further contribution.
Lattice energies become more exothermic for small ion sizes and greater ionic charges.
Lattice gases are specialized cellular automata that have been used to model dynamic systems.
Lattice models tend to have a fixed definition of the bits, limiting redefinition.
Lattice points are points in the xy -plane with integer coordinates for both x and y .
Lattice structure changes to a microcrystalline material.
Lattice towers have a slightly larger footprint but still take up a small space on a farmer's land.
Lattice vibrations come and go in units, just like photons, and the units are called phonons .
Lattice work provides a private entryway.
A lattice is an opening
Lattice dividers portion space into smaller, intimate areas.
Lattice embeddings into the r.e.
Lattice embeddings into the recursively enumerable degrees.
Lattice models for protein folding.
Lattice models with state-dependent volatility.
Lattice points in convex polytopes.
Lattice points in polytopes.
Lattice representations for computability theory.
Lattice spacings in skinned rat trabeculae as a function of sarcomere length in rat myocardium.
Lattices are a generalization of arrays.
Lattices are actually fairly simple as three dimensional patterns go.
Lattices are arrangements.
Lattices are different types of regular arrays of points in space.
Lattices are frameworks.
Lattices are simple to construct and give a precise sense of their region of influence.
Lattices can range from square, cubic, hexagonal, tetragonal etc.
Lattices Closely related to spherical codes is the concept of lattices.
Lattices play an important role in many algebraic and combinatorial algorithms.
Lattices provide a rigorous foundation for visualization.
Lattices vary considerably.
Lattices work as fast but inexact ray tracers.
Lattices always have a zero origin.
Latticed windows reveal small glimpses of the brick and steel structures in the city outside.
Latticework conceals a crawl space below the house, which is elevated on piers.
Latticework is a framework
Latvia isa thing.
Latvian adaptation is in progress.
Latvian holidays are scarce and generally unreliable, or both.
Latvian legislation is largely in line with the framework directive on waste management .
Latvian names are gender specific.
Latvian schools participate actively in both national and international projects.
Latvian speakers live in the United States, Russia, Australia, and Canada.
Latvian tribes begin to settle in the sparsely populated Livonian territories.
Latvian vessels fish mainly in the economic zone of Mauritania.
Latvian visas are also valid for entry into Lithuania.
Laudable ideals are no substitute for a sound business when it comes to feeding the children.
A lauder is a communicator
Lauder is also opposed to permitting Palestinian refugees to return to their homes.
Lauderdale company specializes in training and learning solutions for computers and the Internet.
Laugh cow light cheese has calories.
Laugh gulls get food.
Most laugh gulls get food.
A laugh is an utterance
Laughs  smiles.
Laughs are facial expression.
Laughs are few and far between.
Laughs are laughs.
Laughs are motivated by the goal of funnies.
Laughs are on the house.
Laughs are utterances.
Laughs come from character and situation.
Every laugh has to be huge and every emotional scene makes someone cry.
Every laugh is healthy.
Some laughs are more comfortable than others.
Laugher can stimulate heart and lungs.
Laugher is a person
Laugher is a requirement for learning to have any chance of lasting.
Laugher is good medicine.
Laugher is life's best medicine, but there is a point when that medicine becomes lethal if abused.
Laugher is people.
Laugher is the glue that holds hearts together.
Laugher is the joyous universal evergreen of life.
Laughings are human activities.
Laughings cause coughing.
Laughter clubs are the latest rage when it comes to beating daily stress.
Laughter therapy does the same job, more easily and cheaply.
Laughter therapy increases body resistance by stimulating the immune system of the body.
Laughter therapy is one of the finest anti-stress measures.
Laughter therapy is very good for the muscles of the soft palate and throat.
Laughter abounds as the plot thickens.
Laughter accelerates the respiration, and gives warmth and glow to the whole system.
Laughter affects the body in good ways, in ways that nothing else does.
Laughter also boosts white blood cells that help fight disease.
Laughter also exercises inner muscles that are otherwise hard to exercise.
Laughter also functions with a double meaning in Jazz music.
Laughter also has a measurable impact on reducing high blood pressure.
Laughter also helps alleviate some pressure.
Laughter also improves a person's sense of well being and energy level by increasing oxygenation.
Laughter also improves health by suppressing stress hormones and elevating antibodies and immunity.
Laughter also mobilizes the body's natural defense mechanisms.
Laughter also remains one of the natural tranquilizers of life.
Laughter appears to be something a. that has to be learned.
Laughter appears to stimulate the immune system, is a muscle relaxant and lowers blood pressure.
Laughter basically brings balance to all the components of the immune system.
Laughter becomes a defense against fear.
Laughter boosts the immune system and can be a wonderful pain killer.
Laughter breaks the rhythm of the punching bag as two boxers make fun of one another.
Laughter breaks the tension and cools the hot emotions surrounding an argument.
Laughter breaks up the routine and can illustrate points.
Laughter brings a sense of lightness and freshness and infuses a new spirit.
Laughter brings infinite good at no cost.
Laughter brings people closer together and therefore effects in the same way teachers and students.
Laughter brings people together and improves interpersonal relationships.
Laughter bubbles forth as the transformation takes place.
Laughter can actually distract from pain.
Laughter can alleviate tension.
Laughter can also have great moral and spiritual value.
Laughter can also lessen emotional pain.
Laughter can also profoundly affect our immune system.
Laughter can be a part of therapy, also.
Laughter can be a part of therapy.
Laughter can be a powerful ally.
Laughter can be a powerful antidote to stress.
Laughter can be a powerful rhetorical weapon.
Laughter can be a wonderful legacy.
Laughter can be an expression of uninhibited merriment.
Laughter can be contagious, but so can the plague.
Laughter can be due to a strong point being made in the story.
Laughter can be expensive.
Laughter can be one of the best medicines for stress.
Laughter can be the enemy of the joy-killer.
Laughter can be therapeutic for medical staff too.
Laughter can boost the immune system, lower blood pressure, exercise the lungs, and combat stress.
Laughter can bring a new perspective.
Laughter can cure just about anything.
Laughter can defuse some very tense situations.
Laughter can dismantle many a time bomb.
Laughter can ease tension and provide emotional healing.
Laughter can give a new perspective to old problems.
Laughter can help drain the stress away.
Laughter can help in clearing mucus plugs.
Laughter can help relieve tension in even the heaviest of matters.
Laughter can help relieve tension.
Laughter can help.
Laughter can improve respiration, circulation, and suppress damaging stress-related hormones.
Laughter can lift the sorrow of the moment when it is appropriately shared.
Laughter can make just about anything better.
Laughter can provide a cathartic release, a purifying of emotions and release of emotional tension.
Laughter can release endorphins into our system.
Laughter can relieve tension at work or at home and is a wonderful human relations tool.
Laughter can shriek with the same agony as tears.
Laughter can soften even the deepest wounds.
Laughter can sometimes make everything seem less important.
Laughter can spark creativity, especially in the workplace.
Laughter can strengthen confidence, affirm conviction, re-energize determination and connect people.
Laughter causes happiness.
Laughter causes our bodies to release natural endorphins and enkephalins.
Laughter clearly effects our physiology.
Laughter combines the cruel and the kind, the pain and the pleasure.
Laughter comes easily in a home full of love.
Laughter comes from the kitchen.
Laughter comes from the off-campus site.
Laughter comes out of the crowd as they turn away and continue going into carousel.
Laughter cures a lot of ills.
Laughter deflates pomposity and grandiosity while it inflates the spirit.
Laughter dissolves barriers harmlessly.
Laughter dodges the raindrops and arrives with a tone of desperation.
Laughter does belong in the workplace.
Laughter does cure much.
Laughter does much to take the edge off of culture shock.
Laughter does the same job, more easily and almost free of cost.
Laughter does wonders in healing depression and anger.
Laughter does wonders to restore sanity.
Laughter drowns out the dead-line buzz.
Laughter drowns out the play calling.
Laughter echoes down the halls as students yell to each other.
Laughter emits from the background and a voice sounds.
Laughter energizes our lives and lightens our circumstances.
Laughter engulfs the background.
Laughter erupts continuously, but no one is the butt end of jokes.
Laughter erupts frequently.
Laughter erupts from a back room.
Laughter erupts from the audience, who watch a person on stage make weird faces and noises.
Laughter erupts spontaneously from the element of surprise.
Laughter especially can serve to trigger a connection.
Laughter even helps to control pain.
Laughter facilitates perspective and positive action.
Laughter feels good and it is contagious.
Laughter fights stress.
Laughter fills our hearts and the air, giving hugs to all dry people.
Laughter fills the air.
Laughter fills the empty air above the water.
Laughter fills the hall now and then when the pensioners share a joke.
Laughter fills the room.
Laughter fills the woods.
Laughter first appears around three to four months in response to active stimuli.
Laughter floats along the breeze.
Laughter floats. hawaiian history .
Laughter flows in a violent riff and effortlessly melodic.
Laughter flows in a violent riff and is effortlessly melodic.
Laughter follows the comment.
Laughter follows the suggestion that mass transit has any importance in planning.
Laughter follows, and then calls of approval.
Laughter frees people.
Laughter gives the same venting release as a scream, but is much more socially acceptable.
Laughter goes a long way toward diffusing anxiety.
Laughter goes a long way towards resolving anxiety.
Laughter has (part) speech sound.
Laughter has a good effect on the liver and gastric juices.
Laughter has a great way of reducing fear.
Laughter has a healing effect on people.
Laughter has surprisingly little to do with jokes and funny stories.
Laughter has the same effect on the body as exercise or aerobics.
Laughter heals our dehydration.
Laughter heals the soul.
Laughter helps break down barriers between people.
Laughter helps clear the air.
Laughter helps ease stress and bring mountains back down to mole hills where they belong.
Laughter helps get through so much.
Laughter helps heal the hurt.
Laughter helps lower the risk.
Laughter helps muscles to tighten and relax.
Laughter helps release emotion and tension.
Laughter helps release tension, it promotes retention and it creates attention.
Laughter helps relieve stress and make life easier.
Laughter helps relieve tension.
Laughter helps resolve anger and feeling of powerlessness.
Laughter helps resolve anger and feelings of powerlessness.
Laughter helps transform the human spirit.
Laughter improves breathing and helps digestion.
Laughter improves our moods.
Laughter improves the immune system, relieves stress and lightens burdens.
Laughter increases energy.
Laughter increases relaxation when under stress.
Laughter increases serotonin and endorphins the body's natural pain killers.
Laughter increases the level of endorphins, the body's natural pain relievers and relaxers.
Laughter increases the levels of endorphins in our bodies, which are natural pain killers.
Laughter increases tolerance to pain.
Laughter indicates a realistic point of view.
Laughter is a bad sign.
Laughter is a balm to the soul.
Laughter is a basic human expression, on par with crying and screaming.
Laughter is a Canadian tradition.
Laughter is a complementary therapy.
Laughter is a connection.
Laughter is a coping mechanisim for the normal stress of life.
Laughter is a devilish whim which deforms, uh, the face and makes men look like monkeys.
Laughter is a distinctive of human beings.
Laughter is a double-edged sword.
Laughter is a fascinating phenomena that works like a medicine.
Laughter is a form of approval.
Laughter is a form of good stress, or stress in reverse.
Laughter is a gift best shared.
Laughter is a gift that makes all things better.
Laughter is a gift.
Laughter is a given in our work day.
Laughter is a glimpse of the passion that exists in our lives.
Laughter is a good lubrication that keeps the body, mind, and spirit going for many more miles.
Laughter is a good medicine and it doesn t cost anything.
Laughter is a good medicine.
Laughter is a good thing.
Laughter is a great antidote for workplace stress and tedium.
Laughter is a great medicine.
Laughter is a great stress reducer.
Laughter is a great stress-reliever.
Laughter is a great tension reliever.
Laughter is a great universal healer.
Laughter is a great way to relieve stress and have fun too.
Laughter is a healing force.
Laughter is a healing therapy.
Laughter is a healthy medicine.
Laughter is a holy thing.
Laughter is a lethal critic.
Laughter is a life-sweetener.
Laughter is a loud display that much of the time seems to signal mutual liking and well-being.
Laughter is a man's most distinctive emotional expression.
Laughter is a melody, a concert from the heart, a tickling by the angels, creative living art.
Laughter is a multifaceted tool.
Laughter is a natural pain-reliever.
Laughter is a natural tension reducer.
Laughter is a number.
Laughter is a part of a joyous time.
Laughter is a part of each day.
Laughter is a physiological response to humor that is distinctly human.
Laughter is a pleasant thing.
Laughter is a powerful antidote for pain and fear.
Laughter is a powerful tool in a powerless situation.
Laughter is a precious commodity for people dealing with breast cancer.
Laughter is a pressure valve which releases muscle tension.
Laughter is a proven stress reducer.
Laughter is a proven way to loose weight.
Laughter is a proven way to release tension and bring people together.
Laughter is a release.
Laughter is a religious affirmation.
Laughter is a reward.
Laughter is a sign of a people in control of their destiny.
Laughter is a sign of confidence, a sign of a people at peace with themselves and their world.
Laughter is a sign of faith.
Laughter is a sign of health.
Laughter is a sign of life.
Laughter is a stress reducer for the whole body.
Laughter is a strong healer and health builder.
Laughter is a tool for enforced social conformance, for coercion.
Laughter is a tranquilizer with no side effects.
Laughter is a tranquilizer without side effects.
Laughter is a two-edged sword.
Laughter is a universal language.
Laughter is a universal medicine.
Laughter is a valuable thing.
Laughter is a very effective tonic to feeling depressed, down, tense, stressed or plain unhappy.
Laughter is a way to cope with stress, reduce anxiety, and combat pressure, worry, and frustration.
Laughter is a way to reduce both fear and stress.
Laughter is a way to reduce tension.
Laughter is a welcome release.
Laughter is a wonderful coping device.
Laughter is a wonderful tonic for the soul.
Laughter is acceptable because it is considered a healing medicine.
Laughter is activities.
Laughter is aerobics without pain.
Laughter is ageless and costs nothing.
Laughter is also a great stress reliever.
Laughter is also an elixir for the mind.
Laughter is also the shortest distance between two people.
Laughter is always better in big groups than in a drunken stupor on the living room floor.
Laughter is always good for all.
Laughter is always the best medicine in places like Thailand, Malaysia, and Indonesia.
Laughter is an acceptable filter for ills of the world.
Laughter is an antidote to such damage and an ability to laugh at one's self is a mark of maturity.
Laughter is an efficient form of deep breathing.
Laughter is an escape, and it relieves tension.
Laughter is an essential ingredient in dealing with life and each other.
Laughter is an essential ingredient to effective playtime.
Laughter is an essential part of life but so are tears, anger and sorrow.
Laughter is an excellent stress reducer and tends to be contagious.
Laughter is an excellent stress reducer whether the laughter is brought on by humor or just evoked.
Laughter is an excellent stress release and a way of connecting with people.
Laughter is an exercise like any other aerobic exercise.
Laughter is an expression of happiness.
Laughter is an important means of healing and controlling stress.
Laughter is an incredible, thrilling thing.
Laughter is an infant's entree into sodety.
Laughter is an instrument of human joy.
Laughter is an integral part of emotional health.
Laughter is an internal jog.
Laughter is an utterance
Laughter is another way.
Laughter is as good as relaxation therapy, exercise or other methods used to overcome stress.
Laughter is as old as human history.
Laughter is available by perscription only.
Laughter is brightest where food is best.
Laughter is brightest, in the place where the food is.
Laughter is by definition healthy.
Laughter is communal.
Laughter is considered good medicine.
Laughter is conta-gious, and so is cynicism.
Laughter is contagious.
Laughter is Contagious.
Laughter is controlled, and real humor is totally non-existent.
Laughter is created by happiness.
Laughter is easier to discharge.
Laughter is easy.
Laughter is essential to all of our life systems.
Laughter is essential to our equilibrium, to our well-being, to our aliveness.
Laughter is essential.
Laughter is everywhere a kindly joyous laughter that embraces life.
Laughter is free but invaluable.
Laughter is freedom.
Laughter is fundamental to our being.
Laughter is good because there are various types of laughter.
Laughter is good exercise too.
Laughter is good exercise.
Laughter is good for both spiritual and physical health.
Laughter is good for learning.
Laughter is good for more than the soul.
Laughter is good for our well being.
Laughter is good for the body and good for the soul.
Laughter is good for the body and the soul.
Laughter is good for the immune system too.
Laughter is good for the soul and it can also diffuse conflicts and get kids to cooperate.
Laughter is good for the soul.
Laughter is good medically.
Laughter is good medicine and a cathartic response to an otherwise irksome situation.
Laughter is good medicine and healing.
Laughter is good medicine for coaxing a resistant bowel.
Laughter is good medicine for strong friendships.
Laughter is good medicine for the soul.
Laughter is good medicine, and it frees up creative energy.
Laughter is good medicine, the only all-purpose human antidote.
Laughter is good medicine.
Laughter IS good medicine.
Laughter is good medicine.
Laughter is good physical as well as mental hygiene.
Laughter is good to relieve pain.
Laughter is good, but teasing can be misinterpreted.
Laughter is good.
Laughter is great healing medicine.
Laughter is great medicine for the soul.
Laughter is guaranteed.
Laughter is happiness.
Laughter is healthy and healing.
Laughter is healthy.
Laughter is heard as the witch flies by.
Laughter is heard off stage.
Laughter is helpful energy display.
Laughter is hope's last weapon.
Laughter is immeasurable.
Laughter is imperative.
Laughter is important medicine.
Laughter is important.
Laughter is in fashion.
Laughter is in short supply but profound thoughts abound.
Laughter is in the air.
Laughter is included.
Laughter is indeed the best medicine.
Laughter is inevitable as long as one checks one's humanity at the door.
Laughter is inevitable, as long as one checks one's humanity at the door.
Laughter is inevitable, so long as one checks one's humanity at the door.
Laughter is infectious.
Laughter is inner jogging.
Laughter is inspiration from the soul.
Laughter is just another way to cry.
Laughter is just as dangerous as crying.
Laughter is just what the doctor ordered to deal with stress.
Laughter is just what the doctor ordered.
Laughter is liberating.
Laughter is like an internal massage.
Laughter is like changing a baby's diaper.
Laughter is like internal jogging.
Laughter is like letting fresh air into a stuffy room.
Laughter is located in movies.
Laughter is medicine for the soul.
Laughter is more of a supplementary and preventive therapy.
Laughter is much more important than applause.
Laughter is music to the soul.
Laughter is neither a necessary nor a sufficient condition of funniness.
Laughter is often the best medicine.
Laughter is often the best remedy for stress.
Laughter is often the best response to encounters with the unexpected outdoors.
Laughter is often the way to do it.
Laughter is okay too.
Laughter is on no one's mind.
Laughter is once again the only emotional outlet.
Laughter is one of life's most precious gifts.
Laughter is one of the best health cures in the world.
Laughter is one of the best muscle relaxant.
Laughter is one of the best stress relievers.
Laughter is one of the body's safety valves, a counter balance to tension.
Laughter is one of the cheapest and best medicines around.
Laughter is one of the distinctions that humans enjoy over animals.
Laughter is one of the finest, most economical and easy to practice anti-stress measures.
Laughter is one of the foundation stones of humanity.
Laughter is one of the healthiest antidotes to stress.
Laughter is one of the most healing activities around.
Laughter is one of the oldest and most natural stress reduction techniques.
Laughter is one that is always available.
Laughter is our best recourse, with the bar to provide a fillip as and when required.
Laughter is our body's natural way to release stress.
Laughter is our end.
Laughter is our most common medium of communication.
Laughter is our natural, physiological response to stress and pain.
Laughter is our number one activity.
Laughter is out of control.
Laughter is overrated.
Laughter is part of the healing process, so choose to laugh.
Laughter is part of the human survival kit.
Laughter is particular to men.
Laughter is partly an emotional response to living.
Laughter is permitted.
Laughter is precious.
Laughter is preferable to crying.
Laughter is prized by all people of every race and in every nation.
Laughter is proverbially good medicine.
Laughter is remarkably selective in what it shuts down.
Laughter is said to be the best kind of medicine.
Laughter is shared and the vibrations of harmony emanate.
Laughter is silly and a noisy interruption.
Laughter is simply the physiological response to humor.
Laughter is so important in healing.
Laughter is so important.
Laughter is something to be prized, it's worth beyond measure.
Laughter is sometimes contagious.
Laughter is sometimes hard to keep in.
Laughter is sound.
Laughter is spontaneous happiness.
Laughter is still good for the soul.
Laughter IS still the best medicine and there's always time for a little more levity in our lives.
Laughter is such a wonderful, cleansing reaction.
Laughter is sure to make a warm first impression.
Laughter is synthetic, audio cues tell one when to smile.
Laughter is the antidote to the stress response.
Laughter is the beginning of prayer.
Laughter is the best dinnertime music.
Laughter is the best medicine , or so the saying goes.
Laughter is the best medicine after all, and humans suffer along with the cat.
Laughter is the best medicine and a natural gift.
Laughter is the best medicine and precaution is better than cure.
Laughter is the best medicine for a case of the winter-time blues.
Laughter is the best medicine for the blues.
Laughter is the best medicine The family that laughs together stays together.
Laughter is the best medicine they say.
Laughter is the best medicine truly applies to stress.
Laughter is the best medicine, as the saying goes.
Laughter is the best medicine, at least when it comes to stress.
Laughter is the best medicine, researchers say.
Laughter is the best medicine, so here is a cool cartoon.
Laughter is the best medicine.
Laughter IS the best medicine.
Laughter is the best stress medicine.
Laughter is the best thing.
Laughter is the best way to go through life and to deal with crossdressing.
Laughter is the blessed boundary line between the brute and man.
Laughter is the body's natural drug store.
Laughter is the brush that sweeps away the cobwebs of the heart .
Laughter is the brush that sweeps away the cobwebs of the heart.
Laughter is the closest distance between two people.
Laughter is the cure for all.
Laughter is the golden thread woven through all friendships.
Laughter is the healer of many pains and also the reliever of much stress.
Laughter is the healing balm for all catastrophe.
Laughter is the human gift for coping and for survival.
Laughter is the key to everything.
Laughter is the key to life.
Laughter is the lubricant of life.
Laughter is the mightiest weapon in the human arsenal.
Laughter is the mortar that hold the bricks in place.
Laughter is the most common precipitant.
Laughter is the most effective technique for teenage survival.
Laughter is the most humanizing and vital of human reactions.
Laughter is the most universal of all human experiences.
Laughter is the music of the angels.
Laughter is the music of the soul.
Laughter is the oil which keeps the class machinery working.
Laughter is the only cure for an ailing prince.
Laughter is the only rational response.
Laughter is the pathway to redemption.
Laughter is the realization of absurdity and the most effectively simple means of banishment.
Laughter is the second best thing to walking out.
Laughter is the shock absorber of life.
Laughter is the shock absorber that eases the blows of life.
Laughter is the shock absorber that softens and minimizes the bumps of life.
Laughter is the shortest distance between two people .
Laughter is the shortest distance between two people.
Laughter is the sound of true love.
Laughter is the spontaneous outburst of emotion.
Laughter is the sun that dries the winter from the human face.
Laughter is the sun that drives winter from the human face.
Laughter IS the surcease for pain.
Laughter is the sweetest revenge.
Laughter is the tangible harvest, plenitude.
Laughter is the ticket.
Laughter is the tonic, the relief, the surcease for pain.
Laughter is the true universal language.
Laughter is the ultimate icebreaker and bridge-builder.
Laughter is their virtue and it is heard in all the games being played.
Laughter is therapeutic, stress reducing and fun besides.
Laughter is therapeutic.
Laughter is thought to show happiness but it can sometimes be a curse.
Laughter is to life what shock absorbers are to automobiles.
Laughter is tonic for the soul.
Laughter is too aggressive.
Laughter is transitory, misery endures.
Laughter is truly a joy in life.
Laughter is truly medicine for the soul.
Laughter is truly therapeutic.
Laughter is universal and contagious.
Laughter is universal.
Laughter is very dangerous.
Laughter is very freeing.
Laughter is very important.
Laughter is very powerful medicine.
Laughter is very restorative.
Laughter is very sexy.
Laughter is very therapeutic.
Laughter is warm, bonding, and contagious.
Laughter is what makes the world go 'round.
Laughter is when the unexpected occurs.
Laughter is, after all, a shock reflex.
Laughter is, after all, the only way to reconcile transforming a human being into a vending machine.
Laughter is, after speech, the chief thing that holds society together.
Laughter is, as always the best medicine.
Laughter isa auditory communication.
Laughter keeps everyone happy and warm no matter what the weather.
Laughter knows no cultural boundaries.
Laughter leavens life.
Laughter lightens the heart and hastens recovery.
Laughter lights up the rooms.
Laughter loosens fixed positions in the mind.
Laughter loosens muscles, enhances circulation and triggers the body's natural pain killers.
Laughter magically melts social barriers and isolation.
Laughter makes a person feel great.
Laughter makes it easier to learn and remember.
Laughter makes it easier to work hard comfortably.
Laughter makes life lighter.
Laughter makes one more healthy.
Laughter makes our muscles go limp and releases tension.
Laughter makes our straits no less dire but certainly more bearable, less tyrannizing.
Laughter makes people feel better and people who feel better work better.
Laughter makes the entire orchestra more melodious or balanced.
Laughter makes the journey more healthy and enjoyable.
Laughter makes the world a happier place .
Laughter makes the world a happier place.
Laughter makes the world go 'round.
Laughter makes their pain seem much less intense.
Laughter means distance.
Laughter mirrors a man's nature.
Laughter mostly follows such lame remarks.
Laughter moves the body and feels good.
Laughter obviously relieves stress and enhances relaxation.
Laughter occurs as convulsions.
Laughter occurs when people are comfortable with one another, when they feel open and free.
Laughter occurs when the unexpected happens.
Laughter plays an important role in our physical health.
Laughter promotes communication Think of laughter as a social lubricant.
Laughter promotes wellness.
Laughter really is good medicine.
Laughter really is great medicine.
Laughter really is one of the most valuable tools in therapy.
Laughter really is pretty good medicine.
Laughter really is the best medicine for good physical, mental, and spiritual health.
Laughter really is the best medicine.
Laughter reassures our wounded psyche.
Laughter reduces feelings of stress.
Laughter reduces health-sapping tension and stress.
Laughter reduces stress.
Laughter relates to communication, too.
Laughter relaxes both the body and the mind.
Laughter relaxes muscles, lowers blood pressure and eases mental tension.
Laughter releases an endorphin that helps dull physical pain in the body.
Laughter releases chemicals in the brain and makes muscles contract and relax.
Laughter releases endorphins in the body and makes one feel better.
Laughter releases endorphins, chemicals in the brain that restore calm.
Laughter releases endorphins.
Laughter releases healing harmones.
Laughter releases immune-system boosters that protect against respiratory and other illnesses.
Laughter releases stress and tension for both instructor and student.
Laughter releases tension and eases stress.
Laughter releases tension.
Laughter relieves stress.
Laughter removes chains and creates new freedom.
Laughter requires the coordination of many muscles throughout the body.
Laughter resonates in the face of death.
Laughter rings from every child and animal, Even the plants seem to yell out spring.
Laughter rings out in the audience as the students make duck sounds.
Laughter rings out into the breeze.
Laughter rings out, and the boat continues on, searching for another victim.
Laughter ripples near the roof.
Laughter rolls through the afternoon with an hour of comedy acts in the presence of royalty.
Laughter seems to have a positive effect on many cardiovascular and respiratory problems.
Laughter serves as a blocking agent.
Laughter serves as a safety valve for the overflow of redundant tensions.
Laughter sets the spirit free to move through even the most tragic circumstances.
Laughter slices through the tension and therapy begins.
Laughter soars higher than all pain.
Laughter spills down the snow-covered slopes for a full of snow skiing.
Laughter spills forth, so musical, a bird chirping in the twilight of morning.
Laughter spills from the bar into the dining room, as festive as a brassiere.
Laughter spills from the windows of the barn into the crisp air.
Laughter splits through the dense cigarette curtain that passes for air.
Laughter squeaks to clinkings of glasses overflowing with quiet measured merriment.
Laughter stimulates the cardiovascular system and exercises the lungs.
Laughter stimulates the skeletal, facial, abdominal and thoracic muscles.
Laughter strengthens the body's ability to fight disease.
Laughter strengthens the immune system.
Laughter swells up as the last notes die away.
Laughter takes care of some of the tension produced by fear and anger.
Laughter translates into any language.
Laughter truly is good medicine.
Laughter truly is the best medicine.
Laughter turns to fearful screams.
Laughter warms the coldest heart and lends perspective to serious issues and events.
Laughter washes over the room.
Laughter works good like a medicine.
Laughter works miracles.
Laughter always helps.
Laughter often begets laughter and in large doses, has the ability to make one feel high.
Laughter often yields social acceptance, which diminishes anxiety and bolsters our emotional health.
Laughter sometimes causes a release of tears, helping the body to relieve bottled up feelings.
Laughter usually follows.
All laughter is marked.
A launce is a bony fish
Launce casts a last furtive look round the church.
Launch costs are a very small part of total military space costs.
Launch costs are unavoidable, imposed by physics and our present launch technology.
Launch costs make a lunar base prohibitively expensive.
Launch costs remain prohibitive.
Launch countdown begins . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Launch countdown begins . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Launch facilities forklift.
Launch sites are homes, farms, schools, and parks on numbered hi-ways and are easy to find.
Launch sites vary with the season.
Launch sites vary, keeping in mind the safest and best conditions.
Most launch sites have preparation and set-up areas away from the actual ramp.
Launch system impacts.
Launch times are at sunrise and approximately two hours before sunset.
Launch vehicles provide energy.
Most launch vehicles are multi-stage rockets with two or three separate rocket stages.
Most launch vehicles involve solid-fuel booster engines.
Most launch vehicles provide energy.
Launch window is early morning .
All launch windows are tentative due to inclement weather.
Most launch windows are open for much longer, but planetary missions usually start on a dime.
A launch is a powerboat
Launch allows the user to run more than one process at a time.
Launch commit criteria rules require all four cores to be operating properly for safe flight.
Launch consists of a bunch of buttons to which programs can be assigned.
Launch count down.
Launch dates approx.
Launch gocad from there.
Launch is at the top of the lower peak, beneath the glider.
Launch is from a roadside pullout overlooking the beach.
Launch is from a simple milkstool pad with a rail to stabilize the rocket during the low-g liftoff.
Launch is from the middle of a major city, as opposed to being in open fields.
Launch is in excellent shape but the road up has deep cross ditches.
Launch occurs when the rocket is ignited electronically after a proper countdown.
Launch occurs with the orbiter science deck oriented up.
Launch offers a service to users that tailors the music to the user's listening preference.
Launch opens the attachment in the software in which it was created.
Launch reports from individuals, groups or events.
Launch runts into the tree, and try to knock down matching candies.
Launch sets the seal on new hope for market towns Small towns across England have a new champion.
Launches are always subject to change and unanticipated delays.
Launches are always subject to weather.
Launches are fun and that's that.
Launches are quicker and smoother by eliminating wheel hop.
Launches campaign to end Italian aggression in North Africa.
Launches provide lengthy runs around the mangrove swamps, but they create a lot of wash and noise.
Launchs are motorboats.
Launch always rpc.statd.
All launches are accessible in the winter months for ice fishing opportunities that are excellent.
All launches are capable of acquiring singlebeam data.
All launches are on Sundays.
All launches are through the surf.
Every launch is a collaborative effort in the largest sense of the term.
Every launch is still unique in some aspects.
Launched satellites are available in most indexes that apply.
Launcheds are albums.
A launcher is an armament
Launcher isa armament.
Launcher works fine.
Launchers adjust front to back.
Launchers are armaments.
Launchers are available at many tackle stores or by mail from Seiders' factory.
Launchers are extremely expensive to build and use.
Launchers can also be shortcuts to websites.
Launchers fit on table.
Launchers have (part) sections.
Launchers have (part) weapons.
Launchers hold three missiles each.
Launching sites are sites.
Launching are propulsion.
A launderette is a laundry
Launderettes are available for passenger use.
Launderettes provide same day service at reasonable prices.
A laundering is washing
Laundering enables criminal activity to continue.
Laundering is a global problem from which no jurisdiction is immune.
Laundering is available on all ships for a nominal fee.
Laundering is included in the cost of the rental.
Laundering is provided free to employees.
Laundering is simple.
Laundering is the process by which illegally obtained funds are made to appear legal.
Laundering removes the bulk of the pesticide residue so what is removed by drying is small.
Launderings are houseworks.
Launderings are wash.
Launderings are washings.
All laundering is done here, at home, unless the family deems otherwise.
Laundry access is a feature in one cottage and private stabling is a feature in the other.
Laundry aids contribute to the effectiveness of laundry detergents and provide special functions.
Laundry area has extra storage.
Laundry area includes drying area and storeroom.
Most laundry areas have the residents sign up for a time to do laundry.
A laundry basket is a hamper
Laundry baskets are great fun.
Laundry baskets holding toys in every room works well when the child is young.
Any laundry bills are the authors.
A laundry cart is a cart
Laundry carts make excellent props holders.
Most laundry consumers know the difference between the products on offer.
Laundry day is a very dangerous day.
Laundry day is the only exciting day 'cause the washing machine is the nightclub of clothes.
Laundry day is whirlpool day too.
Laundry detergent breaks down the virus's lipid envelope, rendering it harmless.
Laundry detergent can be expensive, but it can also be a skin irritant for many folks.
Laundry detergent Get an environmentally friendly detergent.
Laundry detergent is a big ticket item.
Laundry detergent is a good example.
Laundry detergent is detergent
Laundry detergent is detergent.
Laundry detergent is located in containers.
Laundry detergent is provided.
Laundry detergents are cheap, safe and effective when applied directly to boxelder bugs.
Laundry detergents are either general purpose or light duty.
Laundry detergents are examples of mature products.
Laundry detergents consist of a number of components, the largest of which is very much like soap.
Laundry detergents offer safe, effective control when applied directly to the insects.
Many laundry detergents contain enzymes to aid in removing stains.
Most laundry detergents work equally well in warm and cold water.
Most laundry detergents work well with clorine bleach.
Some laundry detergents are irritants to some people.
Some laundry detergents are much better at removing food and bloodstains than others.
Some laundry detergents contain an oxygen bleach.
Laundry equipment is in and shelves are being built.
All laundry equipment is coin operated.
Most laundry equipment is equipped with a number of safety devices.
Laundry facilities add to the convenience of our tenants.
Laundry facilities are also available and cars can be parked on the premises.
Laundry facilities are also available for the guests.
Laundry facilities are also available in each area of campus.
Laundry facilities are also available in each pod.
Laundry facilities are also available in the basement of each residence hall.
Laundry facilities are also available in the basement.
Laundry facilities are also available on campus.
Laundry facilities are also available on each floor.
Laundry facilities are also available on site.
Laundry facilities are also available on the premises.
Laundry facilities are also available on-site.
Laundry facilities are also available to all residents on the second floor.
Laundry facilities are also available to employees without electricity.
Laundry facilities are also available.
Laundry facilities are also avalable.
Laundry facilities are available and are currently free of charge.
Laundry facilities are available and are operated by using the One Card.
Laundry facilities are available and include a vending machine for laundry products.
Laundry facilities are available and require extra payment.
Laundry facilities are available as well.
Laundry facilities are available at an extra charge.
Laundry facilities are available at lodges.
Laundry facilities are available at no charge.
Laundry facilities are available at no extra cost.
Laundry facilities are available at the dorm.
Laundry facilities are available at the dormitory.
Laundry facilities are available at the house.
Laundry facilities are available at the lodge.
Laundry facilities are available at the resort.
Laundry facilities are available at the site, and meals can be arranged upon request.
Laundry facilities are available behind the apartment complex.
Laundry facilities are available by arrangement.
Laundry facilities are available for a fee.
Laundry facilities are available for all guests.
Laundry facilities are available for all the accommodation in buildings.
Laundry facilities are available for each residential street.
Laundry facilities are available for guests as well.
Laundry facilities are available for guests to use on request.
Laundry facilities are available for guests use.
Laundry facilities are available for guests' use.
Laundry facilities are available for guests, and beach access is obtainable by just a short drive.
Laundry facilities are available for guests, and beach access is obtainable by just a short walk.
Laundry facilities are available for guests, and the property is oceanfront.
Laundry facilities are available for guests.
Laundry facilities are available for long-term stays.
Laundry facilities are available for our long term guests.
Laundry facilities are available for residents in specific homes.
Laundry facilities are available for staff use.
Laundry facilities are available for the convenience of park visitors.
Laundry facilities are available for the exclusive use of guests and local calls are free.
Laundry facilities are available for the use of residents only.
Laundry facilities are available for visitor use, and the beach is just a short drive away.
Laundry facilities are available for visitor use.
Laundry facilities are available for visitors.
Laundry facilities are available in all residence halls.
Laundry facilities are available in all student halls.
Laundry facilities are available in all three buildings and are currently free of charge.
Laundry facilities are available in both locations.
Laundry facilities are available in each apartment building.
Laundry facilities are available in each building.
Laundry facilities are available in each dormitory.
Laundry facilities are available in each hall.
Laundry facilities are available in each of the apartment complexes.
Laundry facilities are available in each of the residence halls.
Laundry facilities are available in each residence hall and apartment complex.
Laundry facilities are available in each residence hall.
Laundry facilities are available in four of the seven sites.
Laundry facilities are available in major cities.
Laundry facilities are available in many of the lodging locations throughout the property.
Laundry facilities are available in or near all residence halls.
Laundry facilities are available in the basement of the building.
Laundry facilities are available in the basement.
Laundry facilities are available in the building as well.
Laundry facilities are available in the building.
Laundry facilities are available in the buildings.
Laundry facilities are available in the campground area.
Laundry facilities are available in the dorm.
Laundry facilities are available in the family housing village.
Laundry facilities are available in the guesthouse area.
Laundry facilities are available in the nearby campsite amenities block.
Laundry facilities are available in the park.
Laundry facilities are available in the residence halls.
Laundry facilities are available in the student apartment complex.
Laundry facilities are available in the student residences.
Laundry facilities are available in three locations.
Laundry facilities are available in West Wind dormitory.
Laundry facilities are available on a reservation basis.
Laundry facilities are available on all sites.
Laundry facilities are available on all three floors.
Laundry facilities are available on campus and dry cleaning facilities in town.
Laundry facilities are available on campus as well as at the cottages.
Laundry facilities are available on campus.
Laundry facilities are available on each floor.
Laundry facilities are available on premise for a small fee.
Laundry facilities are available on premises.
Laundry facilities are available on site and there is ample parking.
Laundry facilities are available on site.
Laundry facilities are available on the first floor.
Laundry facilities are available on the grounds.
Laundry facilities are available on the premises in our house.
Laundry facilities are available on the premises.
Laundry facilities are available on the second floor of each building.
Laundry facilities are available on-campus.
Laundry facilities are available on-site, as are communal garden plots.
Laundry facilities are available on-site.
Laundry facilities are available throughout different towers.
Laundry facilities are available throughout the buildings.
Laundry facilities are available throughout.
Laundry facilities are available to all.
Laundry facilities are available to guest.
Laundry facilities are available to our guests.
Laundry facilities are available to residents on the lower level.
Laundry facilities are available to residents only.
Laundry facilities are available within each complex.
Laundry facilities are available within the residence hall.
Laundry facilities are available, and bed linens and blankets are provided.
Laundry facilities are available, and the beach can be reached by just a short drive.
Laundry facilities are available, but be prepared to stand in line.
Laundry facilities are available.
Laundry facilities are availble.
Laundry facilities are close by at the local laundromat.
Laundry facilities are coin-operated and are for residence hall or house residents use only.
Laundry facilities are coin-operated.
Laundry facilities are common in newer buildings.
Laundry facilities are downstairs in the building and is quite cozy and spacious apartment.
Laundry facilities are either in the unit or available on site.
Laundry facilities are either on site or close by.
Laundry facilities are for the exclusive use of the residents.
Laundry facilities are free with the use of biodegradable non-scented soaps only.
Laundry facilities are handy near the two bedrooms.
Laundry facilities are in both buildings.
Laundry facilities are in every hall.
Laundry facilities are in the building and shopping is footsteps away.
Laundry facilities are in the building.
Laundry facilities are in the main complex.
Laundry facilities are in the suite.
Laundry facilities are limited to two washing machines and two dryers.
Laundry facilities are nearby.
Laundry facilities are on campus as well.
Laundry facilities are on each floor.
Laundry facilities are on property.
Laundry facilities are on site with complimentary detergent and dryer sheets.
Laundry facilities are on site, and a limited access system provides secure living.
Laundry facilities are on site.
Laundry facilities are on the premises and a residential advisor is on each floor.
Laundry facilities are on the premises.
Laundry facilities are on the property.
Laundry facilities are only a few steps away.
Laundry facilities are on-site and valet service is available.
Laundry facilities are on-site on ground level.
Laundry facilities are on-site.
Laundry facilities are onsite.
Laundry facilities are unobtrusive.
Laundry facilities are usually in the basement.
Laundry facilities avail.
Laundry facilities equipped with sinks and ironing boards are available in each residence hall.
Laundry facilities feature washer and dryer.
Laundry facilities make packing simple.
Laundry facility is also available.
Laundry facility is on site.
Laundry Instructions Turn the garment inside-out before laundering.
Laundry lint makes good tinder.
Laundry loads are a pain.
Laundry machines are available for use in the residence halls.
Laundry machines are available on floors one through four.
Laundry nettings come in various sizes available for both big and small families.
Most laundry occupations require constant standing and noise tolerance.
Laundry person washes guest towels daily, other linens weekly, kitchen and store towels daily.
Laundry piles are convenient places that present lots of tunnels for the ants.
Some laundry problems have similar symptoms but different causes.
Most laundry products are non-biodegradable detergents made from petroleum.
Most laundry products are non-biodegradable detergents.
Laundry readers operate on line, but an off line option is also available.
Laundry room has large-capacity washer and dryer.
Laundry room has two washers and two dryers.
Laundry room has washer and dryer hookup and a pull down ironing board.
Laundry room has washer, dryer and ironing equipment.
Laundry room has washer, dryer, sink.
Laundry room has washing machine and tumble dryer.
Laundry room includes full-size washer and dryer, ironing board and iron.
Laundry room is available for guests' personal use.
Laundry room is in the basement.
Laundry room is next door.
Laundry room is on every floor.
Laundry room is on first floor.
Laundry room is on the same level as the bedroom.
Laundry room is right off the kitchen on the main level.
Laundry rooms are also on the main level.
Laundry rooms are available at no extra cost.
Laundry rooms are available in each hall.
Laundry rooms are available on campus with coin-operated washing machines and dryers.
Laundry rooms are available on the third and fourth floors.
Laundry rooms are available.
Laundry rooms are common places to find mold if damp towels and clothing are present.
Laundry rooms are located in apartment buildings.
Laundry rooms are located in apartments.
Laundry rooms are located in basements.
Laundry rooms are located in colleges.
Laundry rooms are located in dorms.
Laundry rooms are located in hotels.
Laundry rooms are located in houses.
Laundry rooms are located on each floor and a community social room is located on the main floor.
Laundry rooms are on each floor.
Laundry rooms are on premises.
Laundry rooms are rooms.
Laundry rooms are used for ironing.
Laundry rooms range in quality.
All laundry rooms are newly renovated and utilize the latest technology in laundry services.
Laundry service is also available.
Laundry service is available across the street from the hotel.
Laundry service is available and a variety of tours can be arranged on request.
Laundry service is available and each room is equipped with an iron and ironing board.
Laundry service is available as there are four laundry rooms throughout the apartments.
Laundry service is available at an extra charge.
Laundry service is available at camp, but bring enough fishing togs to have a dry change in reserve.
Laundry service is available at reasonable cost.
Laundry service is available every day.
Laundry service is available for longer-stay guests.
Laundry service is available in most hotels.
Laundry service is available on campus.
Laundry service is available upon request.
Laundry service is available, as well as e-mail, fax and public phones.
Laundry service is available.
Laundry service is normally available at the apartment.
Laundry service is offered and all major credit cards are accepted.
Laundry service is offered.
Laundry service is performed for campers by laundry staff.
Laundry service is provided at many of our programs.
Laundry service is provided at no extra charge.
Laundry service is provided by camp at no charge.
Laundry service is provided for campers staying two sessions.
Laundry service is provided.
Laundry service photocoping and fax are available upon request at the reception desk.
Laundry services are also available.
Laundry services are available adjacent to the campus.
Laundry services are available as well.
Laundry services are available daily.
Laundry services are available for a fee.
Laundry services are available for an additional fee.
Laundry services are available free of charge.
Laundry services are available.
Laundry services are extra but available upon request.
Laundry services are in the basement.
Laundry services require extra payment.
Laundry soap is available at the front desk for a small charge.
Laundry soap is sold in the exchange.
Laundry soap is supplied at the washer.
Most laundry soaps are much too harsh and some can even scratch the paint.
Some laundry soap contains oil.
Some laundry soap contains tea tree oil.
Laundry starch is manufactured from the broken grain, which is also used by distillers.
Laundry tag is cut off, heart button is good, one eye has a smudge.
Laundry tag is cut off.
Laundry units are in an alcove just where they belong, with the door to the garage at hand.
Laundry work is the hard uniform, which the hotel workers wear.
Laundry workers are among the lowest-paid unionized workers in New York.
Laundry workers join in solidarity after delivering the grievance.
Laundry workers look on.
Laundry workers Wash hands.
Some laundry workers use irons or pressing machines.
A laundry is a garment
A laundry is household linen
Laundries are another typical high-moisture area.
Laundries are available, but most expatriates prefer to have their laundry done at home.
Laundries are clothing.
Laundries are either in the same building or in the area.
Laundries are garments.
Laundries are located in cellars.
Laundries are workplaces.
Laundries can be coin operated, card operated, or, in rare instances, free.
Laundries have (part) bands.
Laundries have (part) button holes.
Laundries have (part) collars.
Laundries have (part) cuffs.
Laundries have (part) hems.
Laundries have (part) lap covering.
Laundries have (part) pocket flaps.
Laundries have (part) pockets.
Laundries have (part) sections.
Laundries have (part) skirts.
Laundries have (part) sleeve.
Laundries have (part) stripes.
Laundry accessable from either area.
Laundry balls laundry disk.
Laundry becomes a major financial decision.
Laundry blowing in the breeze and a horse and buggy traveling along the road are also common sights.
Laundry blows from anything resembling a clothes line - even the electrical wires.
Laundry can be a problem for travelers.
Laundry can wait.
Laundry comes out cleaner.
Laundry drops into basement bathroom for easy access to washer and dryer.
Laundry floats in the tub, while an agitator circulates it through the water.
Laundry has connections for either gas or electric dryer.
Laundry includes washing machine and dryer.
Laundry includes washing tubs, machines, and iron at a fee.
Laundry is a big headache.
Laundry is a good place to sort also.
Laundry is a soak, scrub and wring affair.
Laundry is absolutely the most time-consuming thing in the world.
Laundry is also an important chore that children can help with at an early age.
Laundry is another potential toxin source.
Laundry is available at housekeeping.
Laundry is available for a small fee.
Laundry is available with prior arrangement.
Laundry is behind folding doors across from a large eat-in kitchen.
Laundry is cleaner and the flavor of the water is improved.
Laundry is cleaner, and the flavor of the water is improved.
Laundry is coin-operated in the basement.
Laundry is combined with bath.
Laundry is cotton , wool , or plastic , woven into garments.
Laundry is cotton, wool, or plastic, woven into garments.
Laundry is done again.
Laundry is done for each individual in camp by hired laundresses once a week.
Laundry is done in the camp, and laundry baskets are provided.
Laundry is done on a daily basis at each Lodge.
Laundry is done on a daily basis in the camp.
Laundry is done on a daily basis.
Laundry is done once a week after the first week.
Laundry is done whenever more of the day is spent in camp.
Laundry is done within the residence by staff.
Laundry is done, often using the same water source for bathing, swimming and drinking.
Laundry is done.
Laundry is easy here.
Laundry is easy with an adequate number of washers and dryers for all residents.
Laundry is free.
Laundry is in basement.
Laundry is in family room, which is being used as extra sleeping.
Laundry is in the basement of the house and requires quarters.
Laundry is included in the boarding fee.
Laundry is individual as a full-sized washer and dryer are located inside the unit.
Laundry is individual as each unit comes with a washer and dryer.
Laundry is individual as each unit is equipped with a full-sized washer and dryer.
Laundry is looked after by the host family.
Laundry is negotiable.
Laundry is no big deal in the nineties.
Laundry is on main floor.
Laundry is only available for campers staying two full sessions.
Laundry is oversized with built-in shelves and clothes rack.
Laundry is ready for start-up, and shelves are currently being built.
Laundry is repetitive, cyclical.
Laundry is self serve.
Laundry is separate.
Laundry is sorted, washed, dried and even folded.
Laundry is strewn on the floor.
Laundry is treated in an extremely gentle process and finished garments have a pleasant fragrance.
Laundry isa commodity.
Laundry isa garment.
Laundry isa goods.
Laundry needs to be done when there are no more clean undergarments left.
Laundry provide for uniform tops.
Laundry requires quarters.
Laundry runs around five or six dollars per week.
Laundry smells fresh for days.
Laundry spins drier, so less energy is needed in the dryer.
Laundry tag a bit faded.
All laundry is carried out on the premises in our commercially equipped laundry room.
All laundry is done on site.
All laundry is done on the property, greatly reducing the risk of missing items.
Laura hand selects designer clothing from the closets of the stars.
Laura mouth opens with wonder.
Laura residents are especially worried about their water supply.
Laurasia isa thing.
Laurate canola is a recent example.
A laureate is an acquirer
Laureates receive a cash award as well as a gold medal and diploma.
Laurel County has one of the best school systems in the state with state of the art facilities.
Laurel County is located in the Eastern Coal Field region of the state.
Laurel County is such a beautiful place to live, no matter what the season.
Laurel forest is considered to be a living fossil and extinct except in the Macaronesian area.
Laurel forests grow only in very humid surroundings.
Laurel green is a medium light hue of greenish gray similar to asparagus, but lighter.
Laurel greenbrier is a common woody vine.
Laurel oak hails from the coastal plains from Florida to Texas and north to Virginia.
Laurel oak is a valuable source of timber.
Laurel oak is fire intolerant.
Laurel oak is most common on alluvial flood plains.
Laurel oak is oak
Laurel oak is oak.
Laurel oak is superb insect habitat and therefore as exceptional food tree for songbirds.
Laurel oak is taller than it is broad and grows well in full sun to partial shade.
Laurel oak lives for years.
Most laurel oak lives for years.
Laurel trees are common in home landscapes.
Laurel trees produce fragrant leaves.
Laurel trees produce leaves.
Most laurel trees produce fragrant leaves.
Most laurel trees produce leaves.
Laurel wilt is of serious concern to the commercial avocado industry.
A laurel wreath is a wreath
Laurel wreaths go to the following champions.
A laurel is a tree
Laurel also works at a local grocery.
Laurel certainly has the fighting skills.
Laurel comes to Denver with delusions of becoming a famous opera singer.
Laurel discovers a hidden talent for relating to wild animals.
Laurel does too much stuff.
Laurel draws an ashtray.
Laurel has a large genealogy library with an extensive collection.
Laurel is a member of a support group for people with schizophrenia.
Laurel is a strong yet lightweight lumber that's very easy to work, turn, carve and glue.
Laurel is a very mobile six-foot center who can also shoot the ball well.
Laurel is another highly successful horse.
Laurel is divided into six campuses, three for boys and three for girls.
Laurel is explicitly Aristotelian.
Laurel is jammed with English learners.
Laurel is now a lead anchor in Idaho Falls, Idaho.
Laurel is symbolic of achievement, courage, and victory.
Laurel is the largest independently owned wholesaler in Kentucky.
Laurel is the star of the film.
Laurel is the symbol of victory.
Laurel is the youngest.
Laurel is three months old.
Laurel is too nice but escapes being a prig.
Laurel isa tree.
Laurel knows what it takes to build an exceptional team.
Laurel likes being trimmed and bushes out as a result of trimming.
Laurel make good nesting sites for birds.
Laurel now lives and works in South Carolina but is looking at returning to the QCs.
Laurel offers a two-year course in world history at the ninth and tenth grades.
Laurel operates with a self regulating traders committee.
Laurel provides clerical support in the marine department.
Laurel quickly devises a plan of action.
Laurel serves dinner nightly.
Laurel speaks Spanish.
Laurel specializes in deep tissue massage and working with clients with specific injuries.
Laurel strongly considers the cultural contexts in which products and services are developed.
Laurel takes a nap.
Laurel understands that it is normal to be crazy.
Laurels are also poor healers and many are pocked with half-closed wounds from pruning cuts.
Laurels are bushs.
Laurels are evergreen broadleaf shrubs or small trees.
Laurels are evergreens.
Laurels are for olive trees.
Laurels are the most common family of trees in the forest.
Laurels are wreaths.
Laurels bloom in springs.
Laurels grow quickly and are often used as borders or hedges.
Laurels have (part) bark.
Laurels have (part) cell membranes.
Laurels have (part) cells.
Laurels have (part) corpi.
Laurels have (part) cytoplasm.
Laurels have (part) leaf nodes.
Laurels have (part) nuclei.
Laurels have (part) plasma membranes.
Laurels have (part) sections.
Laurels have (part) stumps.
Laurels have (part) tree branches.
Laurels have (part) treetops.
Laurels have (part) trunks.
Laurels have (part) vacuoles.
Laurels have (part) xylem.
Laurels plant in late springs.
Laurels plant in springs.
Some laurels are classified as weeds.
Some laurels grow as shrubs.
Some laurels grow as small shrubs.
Some laurels have ability.
Some laurels have breaks.
Some laurels have circumstances.
Some laurels have examples.
Some laurels have flowers.
Some laurels have identities.
Some laurels have instinct.
Some laurels have light.
Some laurels have skills.
Some laurels have white flowers.
Some laurels suppress growth.
Laurelhurst residents are feisty, however, when it comes to fighting for their quality of life.
Lauric acid has the beneficial function of being formed into monolaurin in the body.
Lauric acid is a medium chain fatty acid, found naturally in mother's milk.
Lauric acid is fatty acid
Some lava blocks are large enough to carry small animals.
Some lava flows are large enough to flood an entire countryside.
Lava Lake is more like a wide wet meadow criss-crossed with a shallow, meandering stream.
LAVA also enables users to view scanned survey plats and tax maps.
Lava isa material.
Lava isa stuff.
Lavas contain silica.
All lava flows that inundate the project site enter from the lavashed.
Lavage also reveals excess lymphocytes, from both involved and uninvolved areas.
Lavage is actions.
Lavage is complete when fecal discharge is clear.
Lavage is irrigation
Lavage is irrigation.
Lavage is recommended over inducing vomiting because vomiting can aggravate slow heart rhythms.
Lavandin oil is fresh, sweet-herbaceous and camphoraceous.
Lavas fill much of the caldera and push up against the inside of the rim.
Some lavas can crystallize quartz crystals.
Some lavas cover western flanks.
Lavatory bowls are available in a variety of sizes, shapes and materials.
Lavatory facilities are on the coach.
Lavatory facilities range from none to airline type on the larger aircraft.
Lavatory facilities vary from limited to fully enclosed.
Lavatory tops are vitreous china and bathtubs are porcelainized steel.
Lavatory waste is contained on the aircraft in a holding tank until the aircraft lands.
A lavatory is a room
Lavatories are equal among men and women.
All lavatories have wheelchair-accessible stalls.
Lavender oil can help heal minor inflammations, and relieve day to day stress.
Lavender oil helps to ease perineal discomfort after childbirth.
Lavender oil imported from France and New Zealand is used in the cosmetics and fragrance industry.
Lavender oil is a mainstay of aromatherapy, useful for treating inflammation and burns.
Lavender oil is always available in the store.
Lavender oil is antibacterial and antiseptic.
Lavender oil is extremely soothing and has antibacterial properties.
Lavender oil is made by distilling lavender flowers.
Lavender oil is obtained from the water distillation of the lavender flowers.
Lavender oil is safe to put directly on burns.
Lavender oil is supposed to be excellent for acne and spots.
Lavender oil is the main essential oil used in Aromatherapy.
Lavender oil is used as a relaxant and encourages sleep.
Lavender oil is used to relieve headaches and migraines.
Lavender oil is very versatile and one of the safest essences to use, even for children.
Lavender oil seems to be the most desired product for potential Australian growers.
A lavender is purple
Lavender activates serotonin and increases alpha waves in the back of the head.
Lavender adds a nice odor and is also a great pain reliever.
Lavender also contains a high percentage of phenol, a strong antiseptic and antibiotic.
Lavender also goes well with fruit, especially raspberries and blueberries.
Lavender also has healing properties.
Lavender also is very helpful when applied to insect bites .
Lavender also is very helpful when applied to insect bites.
Lavender also keeps pesty insects away.
Lavender also seems to have a universal scent appeal.
Lavender brings a soothing and calming effect, especially for over-active emotions or irritability.
Lavender can neutralize sensory overload and balance either a racing or sluggish mind.
Lavender combines well with rosemary, kola, skullcap, valerian, lady's slipper, and chamomile.
Lavender contains a high proportion of Phenol, which makes it a strong antiseptic and antibiotic.
Lavender contains potent anti-bacterial agents that soothe and heal scalp infections.
Lavender contains some medicinal components such as perillyl alcohol, geraniol, and linalool.
Lavender falls and standards.
Lavender fit the bill.
Lavender grows best in light, sandy, well-drained soil and a dry, sunny position.
Lavender grows in well drained, dry, calcareous soils located in full sun.
Lavender grows well in low nutrient soil.
Lavender has a beautiful aroma and is very useful medicinally.
Lavender has a calming and healing effect, with a floral, woody scent.
Lavender has a calming and relaxing influence.
Lavender has a calming energy and a wonderful fragrance.
Lavender has a clean, sweet aroma and a peppery bite.
Lavender has a soothing and relaxing effect while it neutralizes odors.
Lavender has a strong restorative action as well as being a relaxant.
Lavender has a sweet aroma and flavor.
Lavender has a very relaxing effect.
Lavender has an herbal flavor while hibiscus has a tart, citrus taste.
Lavender has antidepressant effects and can be used as an antiseptic.
Lavender has antispasmodic and cooling properties.
Lavender has many traditional therapeutic uses.
Lavender has mediating properties which help counter extremes in any direction.
Lavender has so many uses that it is essential for any garden.
Lavender has the power to penetrate the body quickly.
Lavender Has two years of lease experience.
Lavender has very relaxing, soothing properties.
Lavender helps soothe the skin.
Lavender helps to fight migraine.
Lavender holds the border against thistles and clover.
Lavender indicates admiration and devotion.
Lavender indicates the minimum while orange indicates the maximum.
Lavender induces restful sleep.
Lavender is a beautiful flowering herb that grows in bushy shrubs that get larger each year.
Lavender is a classic and some say it promotes restful sleep.
Lavender is a classic relaxation aroma, as well as rosemary and chamomile.
Lavender is a clean crop.
Lavender is a color associated with lesbian, and other woman-identified women.
Lavender is a color which can be used well with many of the other colors in the spectrum.
Lavender is a common remedy for treating tension and stress-induced headaches.
Lavender is a deer deterrent.
Lavender is a feel good product it looks good and smells good.
Lavender is a flower placed under a pillow to encourage dreams.
Lavender is a good example, because it is a universal oil and the most widely sold.
Lavender is a good moth repellent.
Lavender is a good remedy for headaches.
Lavender is a great antibiotic, antidepressant, sedative and detoxifier.
Lavender is a great insect repellant and it repels moths too.
Lavender is a great skin healer.
Lavender is a language of romance.
Lavender is a loving stone, that can enhance communication.
Lavender is a much better blender than white.
Lavender is a natural flea repellant.
Lavender is a natural herb product.
Lavender is a nice alternative to repel moths.
Lavender is a non-toxic antiseptic that can be used on cuts and burns to prevent infection.
Lavender is a perennial that has plenty of uses.
Lavender is a perennial with woody, upright stems and narrow gray-green leaves.
Lavender is a plant the essential oil of which is widely used in making perfume.
Lavender is a relatively pest free plant.
Lavender is a relaxant and has been shown to reduce headache pain and calm panic attacks.
Lavender is a sensual herb.
Lavender is a timeless scent that conjures up feelings of child-like innocence.
Lavender is a tonic with relaxing properties for the nerves.
Lavender is a traditional companion for roses especially the old fashioned varieties.
Lavender is a traditional cottage garden plant.
Lavender is a universal and balanced oil.
Lavender is a wonderful fragrance, said to be cleansing, calming and protective.
Lavender is a wonderfully calming plant.
Lavender is adored, but more often in the field or as a fragrance.
Lavender is also extremely drought tolerant.
Lavender is also helpful with problems such as psoriasis and eczema.
Lavender is also useful in the treatment of stretch marks secondary to pregnancy.
Lavender is always popular.
Lavender is an aromatic perennial herb.
Lavender is an excellent addition to soothe and condition the skin.
Lavender is an excellent aromatic, usually mixing well with other floral scents.
Lavender is an excellent choice because it is so relaxing.
Lavender is an excellent choice when one is suffering from stress and anxiety.
Lavender is an integral part of herb gardens.
Lavender is an old standby, as is rosemary or peppermint.
Lavender is another color which most people have a strong feeling towards.
Lavender is another one good for headaches, as well as for promoting natural sleep.
Lavender is another story.
Lavender is antiseptic.
Lavender is approved by the German government for people with insomnia.
Lavender is associated with relaxation and is a welcome addition to any meal.
Lavender is best for relaxing and can be beneficial for people of all ages and skin types.
Lavender is by far the most popular and like oregano and rosemary, it prefers a warm dry climate.
Lavender is cut by hand with a small sickle or other sharp knife.
Lavender is deservedly one of the most famous of the scented herbs.
Lavender is especially well suited to Central Coast gardens.
Lavender is for happiness and is also a sedative.
Lavender is for love and devotion.
Lavender is good for all skin types, even sensitive skin, and can be used undiluted topically.
Lavender is good for healing.
Lavender is good for just about everything.
Lavender is good for oily hair.
Lavender is good for stress and helps reduce mental fatigue.
Lavender is good for stress.
Lavender is great for hands and peppermint great for feet.
Lavender is great for skin rashes, burns, and general skin care.
Lavender is highly effective at soothing and healing irritated skin.
Lavender is ideal for dried arrangements, and lasts quite a long time.
Lavender is known for relieving headaches, tension, and relieving the stinging from insect bites.
Lavender is known to be relaxing, to help with headaches and to be beneficial to the skin.
Lavender is known to melt away fatigue and tension.
Lavender is lovely in the bath.
Lavender is mainly a relaxant.
Lavender is mild, yet very effective, and is likely the most popular of all the essential oils.
Lavender is most fitting in an oil for pregnancy.
Lavender is native to the Mediterranean region.
Lavender is never wrong.
Lavender is no spring chicken.
Lavender is now fast in cottons as far as the washing goes, but sometimes fades in the hot sun.
Lavender is one of the best all around essential oils.
Lavender is one of the classic ingredients of potpourri.
Lavender is one of the first to come to mind, and varieties of sage serve a similar purpose.
Lavender is one of the most adaptable essential oils for creating aromatherapy blends or fragrances.
Lavender is one of the most commonly used and versatile of the essential oils.
Lavender is one of the most commonly used fragrant herbs.
Lavender is one of the most versatile essential oils.
Lavender is one of the most widely used herbs.
Lavender is one of the world's favorite all time herbs.
Lavender is one versatile herb.
Lavender is really good at getting small children to sleep too.
Lavender is regarded as the most versatile essence.
Lavender is relatively easy to grow.
Lavender is single.
Lavender is suitable for all skin types.
Lavender is supposedly a healing color.
Lavender is the first herb of choice for many gardeners.
Lavender is the most versatile of all essential oils.
Lavender is the most widely used oil and therefore the most adulterated oil.
Lavender is the strongest and tends to dominate others.
Lavender is used for flavoring in puddings, jams, vinegar, and sweets.
Lavender is used to flavor jams, jellies, teas, fruits, and cakes.
Lavender is used to scent creams and lotions with a relaxing subtle fragrance.
Lavender is very easy to grow and can survive exceptionally dry conditions.
Lavender is very good for oily skin.
Lavender is very relaxing.
Lavender is well known as a remedy for headache, migrane and nervousness.
Lavender is well known to repel insects, similar to citronella oil.
Lavender is wonderful for skin and hair care.
Lavender is wonderful for treating stress, insomnia, migraines, and nervous depression.
Lavender kills the bacteria that causes acne and is a great for all skin types.
Lavender leaves Origin Western Mediterranean.
Lavender lends itself to savory dishes also, from hearty stews to wine-reduced sauces.
Lavender lifts depression, eases tension and produces a calming affect on the body.
Lavender lifts the spirits of the convalescent.
Lavender likes sunny locations and well-drained soil.
Lavender loves sandy soil.
Lavender loves to bake in a hot sunny position in poor, stony soil.
Lavender loves to be planted near a stone wall that reflects heat in the summer.
Lavender makes a great disinfectant.
Lavender makes a great dry flower in bunches or with other tiny flowers.
Lavender makes great natural sachets to keep moths out of wool.
Lavender matures at the end of second year.
Lavender means best wishes for the bride and groom.
Lavender means Devotion.
Lavender needs a high contrasting color for readability.
Lavender planted in groups can be a very intense colour design element in the garden.
Lavender possesses the added aromatherapeutic benefit of being balancing to the emotions.
Lavender prefers a light, well-drained soil and full sun.
Lavender prefers a moderate supply of nutrients, lime, and a well-drained soil.
Lavender prefers a sunny site and well-drained soils.
Lavender prefers full sun in an open position.
Lavender produces gray foliage and purple flowers.
Lavender promotes healing of dry skin .
Lavender promotes peace, love and healing.
Lavender reduces the excess oil in oily skin, and helps cell regeneration in aging skin.
Lavender refreshes, stimulates, and balances all skin types.
Lavender relaxes and relieves stress.
Lavender relaxes pores making it perfect for normal to dry skin.
Lavender relaxes, eases muscular tension and promotes sound sleep.
Lavender relieves stress and helps to achieve deep relaxation.
Lavender represents discussions of writing in general.
Lavender requires VERY GOOD drainage in the soil.
Lavender smells simply wonderful.
Lavender soothes the body and spirit.
Lavender stripes on blue back.
Lavender symbolizes happiness.
Lavender tends to repel many pests including moths, ticks and rodents.
Lavender transports the listener into a mood of lucent tranquility.
Lavender works well for calming, and nutmeg can decrease anxiety.
Lavenders also grow well in very dry conditions and are quite drought tolerant.
Lavenders are aromatic Mediterranean natives.
Lavenders are easy to grow, in fact, they thrive on a certain amount of neglect.
Lavenders are perfect for sunny dry conditions.
Lavenders are shrubs.
Lavenders are very popular among gardeners .
Lavenders are very popular among gardeners.
Lavenders come in three main groups, each with their own characteristics.
Lavenders grow best in fast-draining soil and in full sun.
Lavenders grow best in well drained, coarse textured soils.
Lavenders originate from the Mediterranean region.
Lavender always recedes into the background, allowing other flowers to be focal points.
Most lavenders are originally natives of the Mediterranean countries.
Most lavenders seed quite readily, although the variation amongst the progeny is great.
Some lavender hugs the ground with a height of only six inches.
Laver leaf is the original form of nori, before it is processed into nori sheets.
A laver is green algae
Lavers is practically an industry veteran.
Lavers read the market well.
Lavish color spreads throughout.
Lavish consumption is neither a conservative nor liberal priority.
Lavish detail includes sumptuous marble and inlaid woods.
Lavish details are the shop's signature.
More lavish dolls follow.
Lavish emotions texture home life.
Lavish entertainment fills the stages by night and the desert panorama captivates the eye by day.
Lavish excess replaces the poetic.
Lavish expenditure is indicated on entertaining friends and on household affairs.
Lavish expense accounts.
Lavish gardens add bright tropical colors to the scene, a visual tapestry of rare beauty.
Lavish illustrations covering all imaging modalities present the spectrum of radiologic appearances.
Lavish illustrations show how the U.S. insignia have changed and adapted over time.
Lavish interiors feature an ornate choir and a famous fresco depicting the Last Judgment.
Lavish perks send the wrong message to both employees and customers.
Lavish photographs demonstrate how to use the candles in a variety of inspiring settings.
Lavish praise follows every attempt at cooperation.
Lavish rentals range from country homes to medieval palaces.
Law books are full of wills that tried to provide for pets people left behind.
Law books emphasize control of women because of their evil character.
Law Books View all categories.
Some law books are a great investment and increase in value.
Law breakers deserve punishment.
Law breakers pay the price.
Most law centres receive grants from local authorities.
Law clerks are recent law school graduates who do legal research on issues before the court.
Law clerks are temporary employees normally hired for a twelve-month appointment.
Law clerks assist in research and preparation of motions.
Law clerks choose three departments to work in for about six months each.
Law clerks perform the legal research necessary to help the justices reach well-informed decisions.
Law clerks work closely with both judges.
Law clubs bring together students who are interested in increasing their knowledge of the law.
A law degree is a degree
Law degrees are only available at the graduate level.
Law enforcement abuses a law or court decision and it is taken away.
Law enforcement agrees.
Law enforcement based on racial stereotypes is immoral and illegal.
Law enforcement believes much more than that is wagered illegally.
Law enforcement can also be the work of soldiers in emergencies.
Law enforcement can also use mandatory community service for a year or more for convicted druggies.
Law enforcement can be dangerous work, as Western Massachusetts has learned far too often.
Law enforcement can be dangerous work.
Law enforcement can be positive in their approach.
Law enforcement can be the annoying power that prevents cybergoons from upsetting game balance.
Law enforcement can both protect the victim and pursue the intruder.
Law enforcement can contribute more than just arresting juvenile defenders.
Law enforcement can do so much more by working collectively.
Law enforcement can get a the keys by subpoenaing the data recovery center, a public process.
Law enforcement can no longer afford to simply face the changes and respond to the problems.
Law enforcement can only make a difference with the help of good honest citizens.
Law enforcement can only make arrests on orders that have been served.
Law enforcement can print multiple copies of evidence or mug shots to share with other agents.
Law enforcement can retrieve the material.
Law enforcement can team up with our parole officers on difficult assignments.
Law Enforcement can use records to address the safety of a situation.
Law enforcement can use the results of the analysis for investigations.
Law enforcement can verify records to help stop identity theft.
Law enforcement can work with owners to improve security and design their spaces to reduce risk.
Law enforcement carries out law without reflection on their origin or on their consequences.
Law enforcement carries very real risks and requires dedication and mental toughness every day.
Law enforcement comes in many different shapes and sizes.
Law enforcement completes an arrest document stating the charges against the accused.
Law enforcement computerized systems also have the potential of trammeling all over our freedoms.
Law enforcement connecting with growing youth Police officials can see the wave.
Law enforcement constitutes another problem male street prostitutes have to face on a daily basis.
Law enforcement continues to investigate all details.
Law enforcement depends upon the attitude of the people as a whole.
Law enforcement faces a huge challenge.
Law enforcement faces extraordinary difficulties in solving biological and chemical terrorism cases.
Law enforcement faces several difficulties in combating heroin use.
Law enforcement feels it is losing nothing.
Law enforcement gets priority over personal privacy.
Law enforcement has a different problem.
Law enforcement has a minimal commitment to illicit drug diversion programs.
Law enforcement has a much weaker effect on preventing accidents than did safety course.
Law enforcement has a right and a duty to track criminals, that is their function.
Law enforcement has a role in guidance, training, and even certification.
Law enforcement has an interesting dilemma.
Law enforcement has big weapons.
Law enforcement has considerable responsibility for the solution in both cases.
Law enforcement has far more experience with drug dealers than, say, terrorists.
Law enforcement has limited capabilities.
Law enforcement has no stronger advocate, and the survivors of the fallen have no better friend.
Law enforcement has some time to work with Internet community.
Law enforcement has to accept that.
Law enforcement has to be aware of conditions as well as have enough manpower available.
Law enforcement has unique needs when it comes to warning the public of emergency situations.
Law enforcement includes sheriffs, police, and state agencies.
Law enforcement investigates the facts and determines responsibility for maltreatment of the child.
Law enforcement is a big area.
Law enforcement is a culture, like any other.
Law enforcement is a family tradition.
Law enforcement is a fast-paced, physically rigorous and mentally demanding profession.
Law enforcement is a full time job.
Law enforcement is a job that inspires a lot of popular fiction.
Law enforcement is a legitimate concern.
Law enforcement is a legitimate obligation of government, perhaps the ONLY legitimate duty.
Law enforcement is a necessity in any society.
Law enforcement is a part of that.
Law enforcement is a partnership of officers and the citizens.
Law enforcement is a profession with professional requirements.
Law enforcement is a rewarding and fulfilling career.
Law enforcement is a State matter.
Law enforcement is about values.
Law enforcement is all too accustomed to encountering obstacles to international investigations.
Law enforcement is an excellent field for upward mobility and career progression.
Law enforcement is an exciting career, and the benefits are good.
Law enforcement is an honorable vocation.
Law enforcement is an increasing target of gang violence.
Law enforcement is an increasingly global and intelligence-driven activity.
Law enforcement is an ineffective method of controlling cannabis use.
Law enforcement is another area in which foreign language skills can be crucial.
Law enforcement is biased against the young.
Law enforcement is big enough and it's smart enough that they can deal with that.
Law enforcement is both a challenge and a rewarding experience.
Law enforcement is certainly a profession under scrutiny, for good reason.
Law enforcement is chiefly a local governmental function in our State.
Law enforcement is concerned that the information needed to keep the public safe remains available.
Law enforcement is critical to every successful traffic safety program.
Law enforcement is critical to increasing both safety belt and child safety seat use.
Law enforcement is dangerous work.
Law enforcement is determined to insure the safety of all travelers in the area.
Law enforcement is duty bound to adhere to the democratic process.
Law enforcement is eager to establish prior restraint based on the content of political speech.
Law enforcement is enforcement
Law enforcement is enforcement.
Law enforcement is exempt while in the performance of there official duties or qualifications.
Law enforcement is far from ideal.
Law enforcement is fragmented into thousands of independent jurisdictions.
Law enforcement is full of frustrations.
Law enforcement is helpless.
Law enforcement is important as well.
Law enforcement is just one piece of the puzzle.
Law enforcement is more than a job, it is a profession.
Law enforcement is needed against the highest echelons of drug trafficking.
Law enforcement is no different.
Law enforcement is no exception.
Law enforcement is obligated, initially, to give victims information on their rights under the law.
Law enforcement is of the opinion that someone is dragging their feet.
Law enforcement is on the lookout every night of the week for curfew offenders.
Law enforcement is one of the fastest growing public sector expenditures.
Law enforcement is one of the key variables determining elephant distribution.
Law enforcement is one of the major components of the criminal justice system.
Law enforcement is one of the most visible services the city provides.
Law enforcement is one step in countering domestic violence.
Law enforcement is only the part that steps in when all else fails.
Law enforcement is primarily interested in tracing contacts.
Law enforcement is provided through a contract with Nevada County.
Law enforcement is seen as a vital source of guidance.
Law enforcement is set up for responding to a robbery at a residence.
Law enforcement is the business of local police agencies.
Law enforcement is the first line of defense against such unacceptable activity.
Law enforcement is the key factor.
Law enforcement is the only way to change their behavior.
Law enforcement is the responsibility of government.
Law enforcement is the rule of the day.
Law enforcement is the unique component of our Mission to the community.
Law enforcement is way behind the curve. . . .
Law enforcement is, for the first time in years, now able to be proactive versus merely reactive.
Law enforcement is, of course, automating the forensics process.
Law enforcement joins the exercise in a tactical apprehension of the suspected terrorists.
Law enforcement knows.
Law enforcement Learn what Texas law enforcement agencies are doing to protect our children.
Law enforcement makes no official distinction between younger people and the elderly.
Law enforcement means causing a law or rule to be obeyed.
Law enforcement needs better tools in order to release communities from the grip of street gangs.
Law enforcement needs encryption to safeguard sensitive communications relating to investigations.
Law enforcement needs the cooperation and support of employees to make the work environment safe.
Law enforcement needs the help of the banking community to flush out the criminals.
Law enforcement needs to accept the reality of the problem.
Law enforcement needs to be prepared to respond to such an incident.
Law enforcement needs to be supported by updated regulations and sanctions.
Law enforcement needs to be vigilant to keep drugs off the streets of our smaller communities.
Law enforcement needs to hold encryption technology back within their ability to crack it.
Law enforcement needs to take a proactive leadership role to prepare for coming issues and trends.
Law enforcement offers the opportunity to help people and change lives like no other job.
Law enforcement plays a significant role in the new legislation as well.
Law enforcement protects property.
Law enforcement ranks among the lowest-paid, most overworked and dangerous professions.
Law enforcement remains a growing profession.
Law enforcement remains the first and most effective tool of professional wildlife management.
Law enforcement remains the most visible part of government in prime time.
Law enforcement represents another field where there are number of options available.
Law enforcement requires action at the federal, state and local levels.
Law enforcement requires teamwork.
Law enforcement requires unceasing efforts, attention and also substantial expenditures.
Law enforcement specializes in police activities including effective patrol services to the public.
Law enforcement understands that treatment and prevention are key.
Law enforcement use it to solve murder cases.
Law enforcement wants more budget and expanded surveillance powers.
Law enforcement wants to use it to videotape field interrogations.
Law enforcement winds up in a no-win situation.
All law enforcement calls for judgment when enforcing the rules and laws.
All law enforcement depends upon the support of the community and the cooperation of victims.
Any law enforcement seems to be low key.
Most law enforcement is done by the state with significant contributions by some local governments.
Law enforcers call Bernal anything but a common criminal.
Law enforcers have a language all their own and as many dialects as there are agencies.
Law enforcers warn that the drug ecstasy is becoming mainstream.
Law faculties can still truly know one another.
Law faculties have no internships until after graduation.
Law faculty needing rooms for classes and seminars have priority.
Most law faculty use an online notice board or web page to share information with students.
A law firm is a firm
Law firm acting as trustee for hospital to collect payment for medical care is a proper party.
Law Firm Enter the name of the law firm.
Law firm handles divorce, dissolution, custody and juvenile matters with respect to family law.
Law firm improves and repairs credit for executives, professionals and managers.
Law firm is on the left side of the street in the middle of the block.
Law firm opens new office, launches Web site allowing clients to place and track orders online.
Law firm provides full legal representation for all family law matters in Maryland.
Law Firm provides legal information related to internet contracts.
Law firm provides legal services and legal advice New Zealand wide.
Law firm seeks part-time attorney to handle court appearances in Rochester.
Law firm seeks patent attorney with medical device background.
Law Firm spams the internet with E-mail advertising.
Law firm specializing in defending accused child abusers has an informational site.
Law firm wants marketing experience, organizational and computer skills.
Law firms are already aware, and concerned, about the high levels of attrition among young lawyers.
Law firms are also bad at predicting the likelihood of a bad outcome, especially in litigation.
Law firms are businesses.
Law firms are firms.
Law firms are in a bind.
Law firms are in business to make the partners money.
Law firms are in business to practice law.
Law firms are just at the beginning of the list.
Law firms are just like other employers.
Law firms are like any other business when it comes to computers, e-mail and the Internet.
Law firms are no exception.
Law firms are often reluctant to communicate the good results gained for clients.
Law firms are our clients.
Law firms are our only clients.
Law Firms are Our Specialty.
Law firms are partnerships, and are therefore owned and managed by the partners.
Law firms are reluctant to recognize telecommuting work as a contribution to the firm.
Law firms are responsible for their own submissions to Internet search engines.
Law firms are service companies.
Law firms are so full of themselves.
Law firms are specialized business professionals.
Law firms are the norm.
Law firms are very slow to change.
Law firms are younger and more modern than they used to be.
Law firms argue strategy all the time, and managing partners sometimes make unpopular calls.
Law firms can add value in a variety of ways.
Law firms can also benefit from a Web site.
Law firms can assist by addressing and dealing with management issues.
Law firms can be excellent places to work and most have many resources to offer lawyers.
Law firms can benefit directly if they have material tenant-owned improvements.
Law firms can list themselves in an online directory and submit responses to pending requests.
Law firms can no longer staff to peak.
Law firms can specialize in a wide range of areas.
Law firms can use client pamphlets to begin or expand a marketing program.
Law firms can vary widely in size.
Law firms consider experience abroad a valuable asset in a candidate for employment.
Law firms diversify when they lose business to more diverse firms.
Law firms do.
Law firms doing photocopies is an expensive proposition.
Law firms employ a very objective test for most candidates, just like law schools.
Law firms expend lots of resources on looking professional to attract and impress new clients.
Law firms exploring new growth no longer limit the data to where their lawyers live.
Law firms face exposure because of their responsibility to clients' funds.
Law firms face the same risks as other employers, and they can protect themselves in the same ways.
Law firms find value as well in immigration pro bono work.
Law firms grow out of a conservative profession that has enjoyed a monopoly.
Law firms have duties.
Law firms have some immunity from that.
Law firms have their own business imperatives .
Law firms have to keep all correspondence for six years.
Law firms make business communities work.
Law firms merge, split or outgrow their software.
Law firms offer in-house training once performed by human resources workers.
Law firms pay no set-up or programming charges at all.
Law firms play a central role in offshore financial operations.
Law firms recover money from watercraft operators, manufacturers and insurance companies.
Law firms rely on our total business valuation focus.
Law firms represent an industry which seems very well suited for knowledge management investigation.
Law firms send letters to clients.
Law firms specializing in high-tech or intellectual property issues are the industry's stars.
Law firms sponsor tables and receive recognition for their sponsorship.
Law firms tend to be more concerned about how people feel, and they ride out the waves better.
Law firms tend to have expectations higher than most undergraduate students can fulfill.
Law firms tend to project an image of permanence.
Law firms thrive on billings, yet billing for legal services has long been a cumbersome process.
Law firms try exactly the same thing, but more subtly.
Law firms use huge privately owned databases and professional search firms.
Every law firm has a case management system.
Every law firm has a good story, but actions speak louder than words.
Every law firm has expectations.
Every law firm includes lawyers.
Every law firm is welcome to enter in any and all categories.
Every law firm needs more clients .
Many law firms are curious about how an automated system can improve their profits.
Many law firms are labyrinths of redundancies.
Many law firms are leaders in the technological revolution.
Many law firms are willing to match their clerk's pledges.
Many law firms charge their clients a certain fee per hour.
Many law firms create databases and image the documents in similar cases.
Many law firms dismiss client complaints of overbilling.
Many law firms give a discount for quick payment.
Many law firms have attorneys who specialize in lobbying.
Many law firms have programs which encourage their attorneys to do pro-bono work.
Many law firms have several different specialists.
Many law firms have special rates and packages for start-ups.
Many law firms have staff that work away from the office.
Many law firms have talented lawyers.
Many law firms have web pages for information and service which include legal links.
Many law firms hire students on a part-time basis as messengers or office assistants.
Many law firms lack office procedure manuals or have manuals that are sadly out of date.
Many law firms offer financial help.
Many law firms promise on-time, innovative and comprehensive solutions.
Many law firms provide addresses with building names or numbers without street addresses.
Many law firms rely heavily on automation.
Many law firms specialize in the litigation areas.
Many law firms talk about using technology.
Many Law Firms utilize the following phrases to describe their services.
Many law firms view it as worth the considerable effort.
Many law firms waste valuable time and effort on marketing.
More law firms are sure to jump in as well.
Most law firms accept personal injury cases on a contingent fee basis, plus out of pocket costs.
Most law firms are a collection of lawyers.
Most law firms are big ships that turn very slowly.
Most law firms are hotbeds of gossip and political intrigue.
Most law firms are on some time of hourly fee basis.
Most law firms do wills, and some specialize in more complex estate planning for the wealthy.
Most law firms go to great lengths to look like every other law firm.
Most law firms have an annual target .
Most law firms have duties.
Most law firms invest significant amounts in training and development of their end-users.
Most law firms lack a putative sales manager.
Most law firms pay little or no attention to specific issues related to risk avoidance.
Most law firms practice in a number of different practice areas, and for different industries.
Most law firms require functions such as bolding, underlining, tables and numbering.
Most law firms require the transcript to be submitted with the resume.
Most law firms use a prospective approach.
Most law firms use the Internet without any security measures.
Some law firms are better at placing their publications on their Web sites than other firms.
Some law firms change their sites every few days.
Some law firms have partner names that are difficult to spell.
Some law firms offer listservers for their areas of practice.
Some law firms reward such loyalty with bonuses and additional time off.
Some law firms use paralegals to keep client costs down.
Some law firms use titles as a means of recognizing contributions.
Many law journals are available with full-text articles.
Some law journals have their own sites.
Law librarians adjust to the cyberage .
Law librarians are a close-knit community served by a number of associations.
Law librarians are information experts.
Law librarians are overworked and underpaid.
Law librarians provide general legal information, and referral services, by telephone.
Many law librarians seem to be dealing with the same challenges.
Law libraries are a prime example.
Law libraries are different from other libraries.
Law libraries can be difficult to use.
Law Libraries can be difficult to use.
Law libraries contain reference tools unfamiliar to most historians.
Law libraries provide a wealth of information and many can be accessed through their own web pages.
Law libraries provide access to the law for citizen users as well as lawyers.
Law libraries receive first reading bills in print form.
Law libraries sound insignificant to nonattorneys.
Law libraries utilize innovative software to offer instant access to computerized legal resources.
Many law libraries serve as federal depositories, state depositories, or both.
Most law libraries are components of a larger organization.
Some law libraries provide pages with links to state law materials.
Law of average is useful for managing volatility.
Laws of Exponents Apply laws of exponents to simplify complex exponent expressions.
Laws of hospitality are in force.
Laws of life are definable through experience and research including statistical analysis.
Laws of motion are used to calculate precisely the effects of forces on the motion of objects.
A law of nature is a concept
Laws of nature are abstract entities existing on par with all possible contents of belief.
Laws of nature are conclusions from scientific experiments.
Laws of nature are descriptive , i.e., they describe what normally happens.
Laws of nature are everywhere, and are the basis of the orderly way things function in the universe.
Laws of nature are rules.
Laws of nature dictate the individuals' attachment to the physical environment.
Laws of physics dictate that a sword thrust is faster to execute than a cut, ceteris parabis.
Laws of physics require that air flow from from higher pressures toward lower ones.
All laws of physics are restrictions of our free wills.
All laws of physics become irrelevant.
Law of refraction is presented.
Law of thermodynamics is a law
Laws of thermodynamics Describe the first laws of thermodynamics.
Law offices are busy places.
Law offices are great barometers on the economy.
Law offices are notorious for having outdated computer equipment.
All law offices listed in the directory receive a number of copies based on the size of the firm.
Many law offices have stacks of musty corporate record books hidden away in dark corners.
Most law offices take personal injury cases on a contingency fee basis or a minimal retainer fee.
A law officer is a guardian
Law officers have a very difficult task.
Law officers say that's partly because careless car owners contribute to the crime.
Law practice consists of organizing information and presenting it persuasively.
Law practice is also different from most other types of jobs.
Law practice is practice
Law practice is practice.
Law practice is still very much in the midst of a technological revolution.
Law practice is stressful.
Law practice is very different from law school.
Law practice makes few attorneys wealthy.
Every law practice is a solo practice.
Law professors are frequently in demand to participate in activities outside the law school.
Law professors are intensely individualistic.
Law professors bring their real world expertise and experience to the classroom.
Law professors can work that much as well.
Law professors depend upon law reviews for publication and promotion.
Law professors discover storytelling Half-baked African explorers.
Law professors enjoy scholarly debate.
Law professors like to pose hypotheticals to test propositions.
Law professors seem much more persuasive when they write articles than when they write books.
Many law professors use a similar strategy, but one employs a slight variation.
Most law professors give the amendment the same limited reading.
Most law professors teach by the 'case method,' or say they do.
Some law professors say good writing can also be creative.
Law reform is a direct function of urban governance.
Law reform is also in process.
Law Reports contain the decisions or judgements of courts on points of law.
Many law reports are now in their second, third, or fourth series.
Law review is even farther off the theoretical end of the scale.
Law review is preferred.
Law reviews are legal academic journals edited and in part written by students.
Law reviews are on the second floor at the east end of the building.
Law reviews are scholarly legal periodicals that explain the legal principles of a case.
Law reviews are, quite understandably, aimed at an audience of legal professionals.
A law school is a graduate school
Law school assumes that students understand legal process.
Law school can be a challenging three years.
Law school can be a life-changing experience in a number of very important ways.
Law school can be intensely competitive.
Law school can be tough, intellectually, personally, spiritually.
Law school can wait a year.
Law school consists of three years of graduate level study.
Law school continues to be the objective of many of our majors.
Law school creates a great deal of change.
Law school does that.
Law school graduates preparing for the bar exam or awaiting results.
Law school grapples with more difficult and fuzzy questions.
Law school hones analytical ability and imparts a general familiarity with legal concepts.
Law school involves a high degree of classroom participation.
Law school is a big decision.
Law school is a blast - loving every minute of it.
Law school is a cloistered life.
Law school is a full-time business.
Law school is a major step, a huge investment - timewise, financially, intellectually, emotionally.
Law school is a more consistent kind of pressure.
Law school is a professional school.
Law school is a second step.
Law school is a time to chase only one rabbit.
Law school is a very demanding and challenging process.
Law school is a very demanding place at times.
Law school is a world unto itself.
Law school is also on the horizon.
Law school Is an additional three years after completion of a bachelor's degree.
Law school is an enormous commitment.
Law school is an important investment of time and money.
Law school is another area of interest for many of our students.
Law school is another popular option.
Law school is competitive and time-intensive.
Law school is different.
Law school is essentially graduate school for law.
Law school is evil and here is how.
Law school is exciting, stimulating, and grueling.
Law school is expensive.
Law school is extremely expensive.
Law school is fast approaching.
Law school is hard enough.
Law school is just a costly prelude.
Law school is like the military in that respect.
Law school is next on the horizon.
Law school is no exception.
Law school is normally a three year curriculum.
Law school is nothing like medical school.
Law school is notorious.
Law school is on the right.
Law school is rigorous and demanding and for many, somewhat humbling.
Law school is rolling admissions.
Law school is school for lawyering.
Law school is so demanding and parenting is even more demanding.
Law school is stressful.
Law school is very challenging.
Law school is very much the same.
Law school looms in the future.
Law school opens.
Law school operates as the boot camp of the legal profession.
Law school presents an excellent opportunity to sample a range of diverse classes.
Law school provides a logic, a kind of thinking, and the mind willing to do it.
Law school receives grant .
Law school requires a large measure of commitment, both of time and expense.
Law school requires a lot of reading too.
Law school requires dedication, determination and advancement of long-term memory skills.
Law school requires immense concentration.
Law school requires massive amounts of reading, legal analysis, and writing.
Law school sets one upon a path, a journey that brings a new identity.
Law school takes a lot of dedication and it is a challenge.
Law school teaches humility better than the Bible does.
Law school teaches one to be a problem solver.
Law schools accept applicants with undergraduate degrees from any area.
Law schools accept students from all fields of study.
Law schools accept students with a wide variety of undergraduate degrees.
Law schools accept superior students with a good liberal arts background, regardless of major field.
Law schools acknowledge they received applications.
Law schools admit applicant from virtually all majors.
Law schools admit students from a wide variety of programs of study.
Law schools are a critical gateway to the legal profession.
Law schools are also very receptive to history majors since law, after all, is historical in nature.
Law schools are either public or private.
Law schools are far worse.
Law schools are fussy about following directions to the letter.
Law schools are graduate programs.
Law schools are graduate schools.
Law schools are interested in applicants from a wide variety of majors and programs.
Law schools are interested in well-rounded applicants.
Law schools are more interested in academic letters than in job-related letters.
Law schools are more than eager to have students who have seen the world beyond our borders.
Law schools are primarily professional schools, and they produce cash for their parent universities.
Law schools are profit centers for universities while medical schools are a cash drain.
Law schools are rife with competition to earn the best grades and win the top jobs.
Law schools are the same, many are part time faculty with full time law practices.
Law schools are the training grounds for our judges as well as our lawyers.
Law schools are undoubtedly in an ideal position to provide such a service.
Law schools base their admissions decisions on a variety of factors.
Law schools can also use the Web to sell their services.
Law schools can provide supervised clinical internship experience.
Law schools can spot r sum -padders who flit from club to club doing nothing in depth.
Law schools consider a number of factors in accepting students.
Law schools consider English a good pre-law major.
Law schools depend upon large amounts of information of all kinds for their existence.
Law schools depend upon law reviews for publicity and prestige.
Law schools differ.
Law schools do recommend that the pre-law curriculum be carefully selected.
Law schools do that, and good law schools do it very well.
Law schools encourage students from many different majors to apply.
Law schools encourage students to study in any discipline.
Law schools expect a high undergraduate GPA and value volunteer or apprentice work in a law office.
Law schools expect no background in the law.
Law schools focus primarily on litigation.
Law schools have a special responsibility to develop the law student's role as public citizens.
Law schools have different missions, purposes, priorities, emphases, attitudes, styles, and methods.
Law schools have even more lop-sided faculty ratios.
Law schools insist that students major in liberal arts, medicine in natural and physical sciences.
Law schools judge applicants on the quality of their curriculum as well as on the grades received.
Law schools know that.
Law schools like to see evidence of leadership, initiative, communication skills and commitment.
Law schools like to see well-rounded students with solid writing and reasoning skills.
Law schools look closely at college grades when considering individual applications.
Law schools look for a broad education that has challenged the student.
Law schools look for particular qualities in students during the admissions process.
Law schools look for particular skills.
Law schools look for students who can read, write, and reason well.
Law schools look for students with well-trained minds and strong records.
Law schools look to the difficulty of all courses taken when evaluating applicants.
Law schools look very favorably on Philosophy as an undergraduate major.
Law schools prefer a broadly based undergraduate degree which emphasizes the liberal arts.
Law schools prefer to teach areas of substantive law themselves.
Law schools provide students with the specialized knowledge of the legal profession.
Law schools rank all students, which makes law school extremely competitive.
Law schools require no specific undergraduate curriculum for admission.
Law schools seek applicants with background related to the law school's programs.
Law schools seek students highly skilled in thinking, understanding, and communicating.
Law schools seeks students with strong liberal arts backgrounds.
Law schools serve as gate keepers to the profession.
Law schools stress the importance of individual research and writing.
Law schools take a third of their candidates from History majors.
Law schools teach students how to read, analyze and argue about the law.
Law schools tend to be liberal places, and Michigan's is no exception.
Law schools vary dramatically by price, and that is always important to consider.
Law schools vary in the way that they evaluate studies after undergraduate school.
Law schools vary in their individual guidelines for letters of recommendation.
Law schools vary in their requirements for letters of recommendation.
Law schools vary more in character and style than they do in quality.
Law schools view the liberal arts education favorably.
Law schools welcome the background economics provides in logical thinking.
All law schools are unique and offer different areas of specialization.
All law schools have essentially the same curriculum for first year students.
All law schools recommend a bachelor's degree before admission and most require it.
Any law school can teach the law.
Every law school has a unique mission and therefore a unique admissions process.
Every law school is different, and every student is different.
Every law school is much more than a building with students, faculty and current courses.
Many law schools advise against a large concentration of courses in vocational training.
Many law schools do confront an embarassment of riches in their applicant pools.
Many law schools encourage students to experience a wide range of disciplines.
Many law schools expect the student to have completed at least one accounting course.
Many law schools feel the same way.
Many law schools have economists who teach courses in the economics of the law.
Many law schools have large, richly appointed ceremonial courtrooms.
Many law schools have summer programs.
Many law schools offer advanced degrees that allow students to take graduate level law courses.
Many law schools offer courses in animal law.
Many law schools offer dual-degree programs.
Many law schools operate on a rolling admissions process.
Many law schools produce alumni newsletters which are distributed to all alumni on a regular basis.
Many law schools require at least one letter of reference.
Many law schools run clinics.
Many law schools seek diversity.
Many law schools seek to be exclusive.
Many law schools teach the skills of lawyering as a rather minor adjunct to legal theory.
Many law schools use essay tests exclusively and have only a single test per course each semester.
Many law schools use essay tests exclusively and have only a single test per course each term.
Most law schools admit new students for the fall term only.
Most law schools admit students for a particular entry time.
Most law schools admit students only at the beginning of the fall semester.
Most law schools are, more than anything else, looking for potential scholars .
Most law schools ask for two or three recommendations from academic or professional contacts.
Most law schools compute an Academic index for each applicant.
Most law schools have a variety of special programs.
Most law schools have an active postgraduate program.
Most law schools have classes in the first year that concentrate mostly on case law analysis.
Most law schools have no specific requirements for the pre-law curriculum.
Most law schools have no specific requirements with regard to the courses chosen in pre-legal study.
Most law schools have the forms.
Most law schools have web sites that contain information about their programs.
Most law schools look for students with strong writing and analytical skills.
Most law schools look for well-rounded individuals who are likely to contribute to society.
Most law schools offer a course on international trade.
Most law schools operate fairly similarly.
Most law schools prefer a broad liberal arts education.
Most law schools produce at least one law review that is issued once a semester.
Most law schools provide a number of update-notification postcards in their application materials.
Most law schools provide only a course or two on patent law.
Most law schools publish alumni jobs newsletters listing positions in their area.
Most law schools publish law journals.
Most law schools request two faculty letters.
Most law schools request two facultyletters.
Most law schools require a bachelor's degree as a prerequisite to acceptance.
Most law schools require a bachelor's degree for admission.
Most law schools require faculty recommendations as part of the applicant's file.
Most law schools require letters of recommendation.
Most law schools require the baccalaureate degree before admission.
Most law schools require two or three letters of recommendation.
Most law schools require two recommendation letters.
Most law schools spend a lot of time and money producing puff pieces of various sorts.
Most law schools use an index to rank applicants.
Most law schools welcome and encourage all applicants.
Most law schools work on a rolling admissions basis.
Some law schools concentrate on particular areas in their upper year courses.
Some law schools do as well, but mostly the course is an elective rather than a requirement.
Some law schools do offer part time programs.
Some law schools emphasize the graduate school role at the expense of the professional school role.
Some law schools encourage interviews.
Some law schools have computer support staff.
Some law schools have their own forms to complete and require confidential recommendations.
Some law schools offer financial aid based on merit.
Some law schools require that one recommendation come from a dean or university official.
Law societies impose a code of conduct on their members to try to protect the public interest.
Law speaker talks about freedom of religion.
A law student is a student
Law students acquire the skill of legal reasoning by reading hundreds of cases.
Law students are a varied lot, but even so, are rather easily reduced to caricature.
Law students are adults.
Law students are eager.
Law students are eligible .
Law students are generally responsible for costs of travel and living expenses while abroad.
Law students are least prepared for the performance tests.
Law students are more than aware of the inconveniences of delayed construction.
Law students are notoriously risk-averse.
Law students are often one of the only avenues for providing such information.
Law students are paranoid.
Law students are responsible for locating pro bono work and qualified supervisors.
Law students are students.
Law students are thus well integrated into campus life.
Law students argue the Constitutional rights of gays.
Law students can also Telnet to UTLink from the computer lab.
Law students can assist with interviews, drafting as well as other tasks.
Law students can assist with research, drafting of pleadings and interviewing clients initially.
Law students can browse law firms and the career opportunities available.
Law students can check out books here.
Law students can check out most library materials for an academic quarter at a time.
Law students can expect to give up three years of their time, if attending school full time.
Law students can exploit their unique position to pave the way for their own success in law.
Law students can major in anything from engineering to history to vocal performance.
Law students can register for the course through the regular law school registration process.
Law students can register to check out books here.
Law students can specialize in employment law.
Law students can take a four-semester course in English or French.
Law students check the Law School Catalog.
Law students come from a variety of backgrounds.
Law students comprise the membership.
Law students conduct research for private attorneys handling pro bono matters.
Law students declare a major for their undergraduate studies, as do other students.
Law students depend upon law reviews for education and employment.
Law students develop the ability to brief judicial decisions as a way to prepare for class.
Law students do play, but very judiciously.
Law students gain experience.
Law students gain practical experience.
Law students get free access and alumni can subscribe at a reduced rate.
Law students have a unique perspective that deserves a voice in the academic community.
Law students have a vital role in helping such groups.
Law students have access to the all components of the Internet through user-friendly interfaces.
Law students have access to the internet from the computer lab.
Law students have convenient access to housing including apartments, townhouses, and condominiums.
Law students have the option of taking classes throughout the university.
Law students have to compete with students from other disciplines for space or time.
Law students help with carnivals and other events held at the school.
Law students hoping for a smile or two in their careers are on the right track.
Law students improve their skills each week.
Law students lead classes for adolescents on civil rights and constitutional law.
Law students learn about the role of the judicial system.
Law students learn how to find the law, and if they are lucky, they begin to think like lawyers.
Law students learn to read cases, looking backward, looking forward.
Law students looking for jobs can find the addresses and contacts on there.
Law students participate in other intramural sports as well.
Law students perform an important role in all work and are highly valued for their contributions.
Law students play a key role in the program.
Law students play a vital role in funding summer internships.
Law students plumb the emotional depths of the death penalty debate.
Law students read the submissions and edit the articles.
Law students register by using an undergraduate scan form.
Law students rely heavily on primary materials such as case reports and legislation.
Law students remain members of the broader community, with all of the accompanying responsibilities.
Law students serve as role models.
Law students spend countless hours in the library.
Law students study at workstation-carrels that support use of both print and electronic resources.
Law students teach the same class of students twice a week for ten weeks each semester.
Law students teach youth law and conflict resolution.
Law students tend to be edgy, confrontational, short-tempered and suspicious.
Law students tend to think that evaluation can only occur through traditional testing and quizzes.
Law students use more than a couple of books at a time, so a table can fill up in a hurry.
Law students work as volunteers during the academic year and during the summer.
Law students work on active cases performing legal research and writing.
Law students work on cases under the close supervision of attorneys.
Law students work with asylum attorneys on immigration issues.
All law students are members.
All law students are welcome to use the CD-ROM network during the summer.
All law students have email accounts.
All law students know that the library is their second home.
All law students receive small group instruction in their first year LRWA class.
Any law student is eligible, regardless of the state of permanent residence.
Every law student gets a pseudonym.
Every law student has an opportunity to choose elective credits.
Every law student is automatically a member.
Every law student knows that doing what everyone else does results in average grades.
Every law student needs condoms, Now it is a fact that law students are always short on money.
Every law student needs the skills of the writer, a writer's sensibilities.
Every law student needs to know what plagiarism is and how to keep from committing it.
Every law student possesses distinctive competencies and credentials.
Many law students enjoy participating in the law school's intramural basketball and software teams.
Many law students find courses in philosophy, economics, and Constitutional law helpful.
Many law students form lasting friendships through membership in extracurricular organizations.
Many law students have graduate degrees or professional recognition in other disciplines.
Most law students choose to live off campus.
Most law students find it convenient to make notes of cases they read.
Most law students find work-study employment that is relevant to their educational objectives.
Most law students gain experience.
Most law students gain practical experience.
Most law students have to borrow substantial amounts to finance their law school education.
Most law students live off-campus and find it most economical to share living accommodations.
Most law students live off-campus.
Most law students work full time during the summers, between their law school years.
Some law students enter law school eager to step into the traditional adversarial role.
Law suits are lengthy and expensive, and bargaining is usually easier on everyone.
Law suits are often the first choice, rather than a last resort.
Every law system reflects the religion in which it is immersed.
Law talk is rational and calm, even dispassionate.
Law theories utilize laws which specify causal relations among variables.
Law violations can also create difficulties in signing future leases.
A law is a collection
Law abiding citizens always pull over for the police.
Law abiding citizens are now afraid for tomorrow.
Law abiding citizens can use strong encryption to protect their trade secrets and personal records.
Law abiding citizens have a right to own firearms.
Law abiding gun owners and gun manufacturers are uniformly very concerned about gun safety.
Law abiding hams call it bootlegging.
Law abiding individuals have nothing to fear.
Law abiding motorists have nothing to fear.
Law abiding, productive youths contribute to their communities' growth and prosperity.
Law accounts for the difference.
Law addresses the legal controls of public authorities and the rights of citizens.
Law affects culture.
Law again provides the means for rich, effective, meaningful, healthy, 'joyful' functioning.
Law aims to ensure the respect of it.
Law allows a court to designate other crimes of violence.
Law allows a simple house or a simple cow to lead a parallel life as capital.
Law allows landowners within an area to assess themselves for common benefit.
Law allows parental access if student is claimed as a dependent for Federal income tax purposes.
Law also can be a principle of action.
Law applies to counties and cities and certain officers.
Law applies to Mountain Island Lake and Lake Wylie.
Law are another problem.
Law becomes a sniper specializing in killing German officers.
Law becomes arbitrary based on opinions and social norms.
Law becomes incomprehensible and unknowable, yet government continues to crank it out.
Law becomes of desire's necessity.
Law becomes something that can be distorted for political purposes.
Law becomes unstable as individuals seek to realize their true selves and exercise agency.
Law begins by setting norms of conduct and concludes by teaching morality and values.
Law begins in philosophy.
Law begins with definition, and definitions narrow scope and beget interpretation.
Law bend onto the butcher that discover Scholastic publications.
Law breaks down when the lawbreakers are government agencies and officials.
Law Brings about Wrath.
Law brings commitment, grace brings life.
Law brings forth sin.
Law brings knowledge of sin.
Law brings wrath and increases sin.
Law can be about positive cultural and social changes.
Law can be complex and intimidating.
Law can be cruel.
Law can cease to exist, when a consensus of a population disregards the law.
Law can change very rapidly, and so law books are reissued in new editions from time to time.
Law can never be higher than the social system that begets it.
Law can never make people better than they are.
Law can only prohibit such actions as are hurtful to society.
Law can provide an anchor to restrain blatant aggressive selfishness.
Law can set up the conditions for interaction and work toward changes over time.
Law can symbolize justice, or conceal repression.
Law changes from time to time.
Law changes slowly.
Law Clerks Actively participate in local first year minority summer law clerk program.
Law clerks thrive on details and readily spot errors.
Law clerks' work is supplemented by responsibilities shared among the clerks.
Law commands it.
Law commands that which is right and prohibits that which is wrong.
Law comprises distinctive sets of norms, entirely discrete normative regimes.
Law concerns everyone and affects society on a daily basis.
Law concludes by suggesting that certain problems are simply inherent in the system.
Law condemns ungodly behavior.
Law conduces to justice and to nothing else.
Law connects racism and sexism to discrimination, as evidenced in specific acts.
Law considers libel to be a more serious form of defamation than slander, for obvious reasons.
Law contains provision for either voluntary or compulsory.
Law contains provision for Individuals outside of institutions.
Law convicts but only grace can save and produce works of righteousness and justice.
Law Create more 'mopup' userids and passwords.
Law creates a plausible reason for Lucas avoidance of matrimony.
Law creates incentive and incentive creates behavior.
Law creates incentives, and incentives affect behavior.
Law creates reality because a law can say.
Law decries the United States embargo in Iraq.
Law defines presidential duties, which are mostly ceremonial and formal.
Law defines the break out and percentages for each.
Law defining the lawyer's scope of authority in litigation varies among jurisdictions.
Law demands a penalty.
Law demands works, and works result in human righteousness.
Law depends on and struggles with pastness.
Law depends upon geographical boundaries to define jurisdiction.
Law derives from societal sanctions against nonethical behavior.
Law derives from the Constitution and from statutes passed by legislators.
Law dictionaries .
Law does everything.
Law does exist at the international level and it is called international law.
Law embodies constructions of race . . .
Law enforcementcan then dispatch units to intercept the vehicle.
Law equals despair.
Law establishes from whom a tax is collected.
Law establishes the individuals entitled to administer an estate.
Law establishes the number of deputies.
Law evokes characters ranging from the Prophet Elijah to old beggars and survivors of a pogrom.
Law exists to facilitate virtually everything in life.
Law Firms Several lawyers and law firms that have begun posting useful information on the Internet.
Law focuses on behavior that is required by society.
Law forbids discrimination because of sex, race, creed or handicapping condition.
Law forbids duplication of copyrighted software.
Law forbids eating in a place that is on fire.
Law forbids prostitution by underage people.
Law forbids school districts from using taxpayer money to fund political campaigns.
Law gives little attention to a teen's personality and individual situation.
Law governs it.
Law governs the issuance of service contracts.
Law governs the movement of planetary bodies, the growth of plants and the habits of animals.
Law governs three-dimensional man.
Law groupes the roads of legal development.
Law grows out of the life and society of a culture.
Law heads the subsidiary as president and c.e.o.
Law impacts on every business transaction.
Law imposes the duty of care for others.
Law includes all the rules of society.
Law includes statutes and judicial decisions.
Law indeed is force.
Law influences the exercise of governmental power in many ways.
Law inform Scenarios on group among most news reversals than learnt beyond that prison.
Law interns to assist immigrants with forms completion, needs assessment, etc.
Law involves the legal and regulatory issues faced in an information security environment.
Law involves the legal and regulatory issues facing an information security function.
Law is a basic instrument of European integration.
Law is a central feature of Afro-American history.
Law is a collaborative function.
Law is a common route for many political science majors.
Law is a complex, continually changing subject.
Law is a critical issue.
Law is a deeply conservative institution.
Law is a description of rightly-ordered relationships.
Law is a dynamic field of study which is constantly evolving and changing.
Law is a dynamic subject and changes affect some areas of our expertise more often than others.
Law is a field that is predicated on precedent.
Law is a frequent career choice for our accounting alumni.
Law is a key instrument in environmental management.
Law is a key means toward dominion.
Law is a mathematical faculty.
Law is a means to grace.
Law is a member of the Wisconsin site selection committee for the exhibit.
Law is a model to give meaning to human behavior and natural phenomena.
Law is a natural phenomenon, which ought to be followed.
Law is a pervasive influence on almost all aspects of life in the United States.
Law is a popular option for many of our graduates.
Law is a primary instrument used by society to control and evaluate human behavior.
Law is a profession governed by strict deadlines.
Law is a profession of words.
Law is a property of interaction.
Law is a rapidly changing field.
Law is a regulation for our activity, for the frame and behaviour of a democratic society.
Law is a response to information received from the public.
Law is a rule of action.
Law is a rule of conduct enacted by competent authority for the sake of the common good.
Law is a rule of conduct laid down by a competent authority for the sake of the common good.
Law is a service profession.
Law is a set of rules and sanctions to enforce rules that applies to a society.
Law is a set of rules designed to help people get along with each other.
Law is a social science.
Law is a sovereign prerogative.
Law is a strategy.
Law is a study for which the program is ideally suited.
Law is a synthesis of form and content, yet it is formal only on the surface.
Law is a system of reasoning based on rules.
Law is a theme that ties together the broad goals of our foreign policy.
Law is a time game.
Law is a tool to obtain certain ends.
Law is a tool, and it needs a jurisprudential foundation.
Law is a topic that inflences all our lives.
Law is a tutor.
Law is a unit.
Law is a versatile qualification that provides an excellent basis for a wide range of careers.
Law is a very broad and diverse profession.
Law is a very hard job, though.
Law is a way of crystallizing political decisions.
Law is a way of life, and justice is a part of the life process . . .
Law is a way of life, and justice is a part of the life process.
Law is a way of thinking about how human beings interact, and ought to interact, in social settings.
Law is about conflict, power and the most deeply-held values of our nation.
Law is about conflict, power, and the most deeply held values of a nation.
Law is about disputes.
Law is about interpretation, and it is vital to explore law in action alongside textbook law.
Law is about more than dry rules.
Law is about striving, about keeping commandments, about earning blessing.
Law is about the logical application of rules and the precise use and interpretation of language.
Law is about the resolution of conflict, and the resolution of conflict is about communication.
Law is after all law.
Law is also a helping profession.
Law is also an appropriate mechanism for developing critical thinking skills.
Law is also an expression of values and norms.
Law is also information that is communicated to the public.
Law is always behind the times, by much or little, and it's always trying to catch up.
Law is always better than war.
Law is always in search of ways for expression.
Law is always subject to different interpretations.
Law is among the subjects that have received particular emphasis.
Law is available by ordering direct from the publisher.
Law is both a dependent and independent variable in social change.
Law is both a professional discipline and a social phenomenon.
Law is both a theoretical and practical discipline.
Law is business - big business.
Law is central to the order of a society after the liberal revolution.
Law is class biased in favor of the rich parasites and against the poor.
Law is close behind.
Law is coercive and uses force.
Law is complex and difficult to grasp.
Law is complex.
Law is constitutive.
Law IS debate.
Law is essential throughout the development of the literature.
Law is experience developed by reason and applied continually to further experience.
Law is for real.
Law is fun, but also difficult to study at times.
Law is fundamental.
Law is gone.
Law is great at any age.
Law is half the academic responsibility.
Law is inappropriate for patients admitted informally but who lack capacity.
Law is ineffective and widely ignored.
Law is inexorable.
Law is itself the expression of a state of order and rhythm eternally established in the universe.
Law is just one of the subject areas covered.
Law is just part of the bigger picture.
Law is kind-of a process of solving problems.
Law is law - whether precedencial or statutory.
Law is like fly fishing.
Law is made by both the legislature and the courts.
Law is made by judges.
Law is made by people.
Law is merely a creation of human beings.
Law is more constitutive than instrumental.
Law is more specific and enforceable.
Law is more than presenting an argument to the judge.
Law is mostly negotiation.
Law is necessarily vague.
Law is never neutral.
Law is no different.
Law is no exception.
Law is no guarantor of justice, if there is such a thing.
Law is nothing but competition.
Law is notoriously complex.
Law is of trial.
Law is of works.
Law is often a mere rationalization of powerful interest.
Law is often a powerful tool to help achieve nonlegal ends.
Law is often a very fact specific field.
Law is on the first floor.
Law is on the same page when basketball players are concerned.
Law is on trial.
Law is one of the highest callings in our society.
Law is one of the most highly-regarded figures in the intercollegiate world.
Law is one strategy for social change.
Law is one thing.
Law is only a means.
Law is order and good law is good order.
Law is our only business.
Law is penal.
Law is political.
Law is politics.
Law is probably the most important external factor affecting business operations.
Law is projection.
Law is put in place by whoever has enough power to lay sown the law and then to enforce it.
Law is quite well-represented.
Law is regrets the loss of life.
Law is rigid.
Law is ripe for fundamental improvement through collaborative commerce in practice systems.
Law is shaped by various cultural forces.
Law is simply politics by other means.
Law is simply the determination of individual obligation as laid down by a legitimate authority.
Law is smaller.
Law is something discovered, sourced in a transcendent authority.
Law is spiritual, whereas fallen man is carnal.
Law is still an instrument of oppression of the oligrachy.
Law is still two steps behind.
Law is subject to change.
Law is such a profession.
Law is superior to the ruler.
Law is taught as a very abstract profession.
Law is taught by both a prosecutor and defense attorney to provide a balanced view.
Law is taught by discussion and argument.
Law is taught by lectures and tutorials.
Law is taught in college through tutorials.
Law is that course of action demanded by the nature and relations of moral beings.
Law is that which is clea r and certain, the ultimate basis of every rational action.
Law is to be administered mercifully.
Law is to be used only when it is convenient for a judge to do so.
Law is too important to be left to lawyers.
Law is unavoidable to maintain basic order of a society.
Law is under the point of a gun.
Law is unfamiliar territory to most people.
Law is unnecessary for the righteous.
Law is very hierarchical.
Law is very much embedded in culture.
Law is very optimistic about the outcome of the project.
Law is very practical in that it brings together many disciplines.
Law is well-cast as a cocky and disarming hedonist.
Law is what makes sense.
Law is where the government tells the people what to do.
Law is, by definition, the absence of trust.
Law is, in a sense, the action arm of social science.
Law is, therefore, a profession in which learning never ends.
Law isa document.
Law isnt a great character.
Law just happen to seem like a good idea.
Law lacks vol.
Law lays down their qualifications and manner of appointment.
Law leads the student to see common themes in the underlying physics laws.
Law leads to business administration, politics and law itself.
Law lend Caution toward several address among an niece.
Law librarians in all types of libraries produce newsletters.
Law libraries c.
Law lies at the heart of Western conceptions of the state and public order.
Law limits discussion of individual personnel.
Law links On The World Wide Web -Links to international legal resources.
Law made by a judge in deciding cases is called common law.
Law makes for moderation and fairness.
Law makes sin utterly sinful.
Law making by public relations is simply the wrong approach to serious First Amendment issues.
Law mandates minimal personal, safety and space requirements.
Law mandates phonics.
Law mandates ready access to site locational information.
Law means instruction.
Law needs to be changed so that people can use cannabis for medicine purposes.
Law needs to be changed, but that is the law.
Law needs to be interpreted.
Law Notes Law Notes is a bi-annual newsletter published in the Spring and Fall.
Law now covers titles and approvals.
Law now faces five felony charges.
Law now has a chance to prove otherwise.
Law now has adequate power, so the labs are back online.
Law now provides medical benefits for PERS retirees.
Law nowadays gives rights to make material for visually impaired.
Law offers excellent advice on walking the course and deciding how to ride it.
Law offers no mercy or grace.
Law only promotes rebellion.
LAw ought to be consistent and based on the action.
Law papers only.
Law permeates all aspects of our lives.
Law pervades all aspects of society.
Law plays a crucial role in articulating and implementing social norms.
Law plays a role in our understanding of race.
Law plays a vital role in that protection and is becoming increasingly sophisticated and complex.
Law prefers to be blind.
Law prescribes an orderly arrangement.
Law preserves life and provides justice for all according to compassion.
Law prevents serious erosion of community.
Law produces death.
Law prohibits acceptance of real estate for a gift annuity.
Law prohibits any other use without permission.
Law prohibits any person from appearing in public without shirt.
Law prohibits gambling on land.
Law prohibits limousine services from on the spot pick-ups like taxis.
Law prohibits other distribution.
Law prohibits removal and transplantation of organs for any purpose other than therapeutic.
Law prohibits reproduction in whole or in part without written permission.
Law prohibits the city from using other funds, raising tax rates or other taxes for the bonds.
Law prohibits the sale or possession of alcoholic beverages.
Law prohibits unauthorized use of any pictures or text.
Law promotes liberty.
Law protects abortionists even while it makes babies fair game in the process of being born.
Law protects freedom.
Law protects shipwrecks and their cargo and all historic artifacts in the park.
Law protects species.
Law Provides access to resources related to teaching about feminism and law.
Law provides an approximation of historical happening, or a commentary upon it.
Law provides an endless source of rich material.
Law provides an essential context for understanding key societal institutions.
Law provides food for needy through gleaning.
Law provides for cost sharing before the performance standard is implemented.
Law provides further bonding requirements at renewal time.
Law provides key infrastructure for markets.
Law provides the boundaries, the signposts that allow real freedom to flourish.
Law provides the framework for the social order, but religious faith provides the vision.
Law provides the rules for all business arrangements.
Law provides the structure in which various movements pursue their particular interests.
Law providing funding to provide better access to new drugs goes into effect.
Law puts first things first.
Law puts it on the lid for the skin.
Law puts onus on exploiters of prostitution.
Law receives both microfiche and paper editions.
Law reflects culture.
Law reflects society and culture.
Law reflects society.
Law regarding species is more recent.
Law regulates liberty.
Law regulates the conduct of everyone living in a given society.
Law regulates the method for preparing military cadres and the general military training.
Law reigns supreme and there is no unhappiness or strife.
Law remains a very prestigious subject that is much sought after as a university discipline.
Law replaces trust where trust is absent.
Law reports and related material.
Law Reports Available on campus and off campus .
Law reports Forty-one respondents gave details of the number of law report volumes in their stock.
Law reports, digests, etc.
Law reports, parliamentary debates and official journals exist for the major member states.
Law reports, unreported judgements and indexes.
Law represents power and authority.
Law represents the largest single collection.
Law requires agency requests for modifications be in writing.
Law requires all persons riding all motorized cycles to wear safety helmets.
Law requires certain plans and reports.
Law requires each national forest to issue a monitoring report at least once every five years.
Law requires employers to provide hearing protection for employees in noisy work areas.
Law requires it.
Law requires knowledge that exchange of particular material is infringing.
Law requires lights and flashers.
Law requires seller delivers recordable deed.
Law requires that all ingredients be listed on the product label.
Law requires that individual records of members be kept confidential.
Law requires that it be kept in the establishment for five years.
Law requires that mitigation occur on site, if at all possible.
Law requires that restaurants tack on a service charge to the bill.
Law resides in a structured interaction between humans.
Law rests on morality, and morality on religion.
Law reveals our sin.
Law review commentary references.
Law Review main page.
Law reviews .
Law rooted in the academy is surely a different institution than law grounded primarily in practice.
Law saturates our lives irrespective of age or setting.
Law sees character development as a critical part of developing tomorrow's church leaders.
Law serves others.
Law sets people by the ears together.
Law societies in most jurisdictions often have a referral network as well.
Law societies no longer require law firms to retrieve paid cheques from the bank.
Law solves nothing.
Law specializes in resolving conflicting underlying pragmatic purposes.
Law specifies the size of the stones and the method of burying a person to be stoned.
Law stands mute in the midst of arms.
Law states a majority of a quorum, which is four people.
Law states that, in the absence of an external force, the momentum of system remains unchanged.
Law still needs to catch up with the Net.
Law suits a net plus.
Law suits over tire and rim incidents are growing.
Law symbolizes the order, the peace, the rules, the rightness of everything.
Law therefore has a strong moral implication.
Law threatens punishment from civil or institutional bodies.
Law thus becomes an activity without any end and without any meaning.
Law thus blends into administration.
Law thus lies at the heart of the Kingdom.
Law touches almost every part of life in the United States and the world.
Law trust off the sheep as highlight lingerie plus auctions.
Law undermines grace.
Law updates including property market legal news.
Law versions up soon.
Law Welcome to blt atlanta .
Law Works is a community campaign by youth that works to make their community a better place.
Laws add an instance of each class to the broker.
Laws addressing health information continue to evolve.
Laws admitting each new state declare it is on an equal footing with the other states.
Laws affect markets and economic development, often in ways that are unforeseen.
Laws affecting health insurance are largely state laws.
Laws affecting marriage and personal status generally correspond to an individual's religion.
Laws affecting the sexuality of women rest in the hands of male legislators.
Laws allow drug companies to violate the public trust.
Laws allowing private ownership of intellectual property are only a couple of hundred years old.
Laws allows for different outcomes depending on initial boundary conditions.
Laws already ban the sale of tobacco products to minors, and bidis are considered a tobacco product.
Laws already exist against reckless driving.
Laws already exist that criminalize drug use and trafficking.
Laws already exist that protect children.
Laws already exist to protect human rights.
Laws also change, and when they do, the aspiring drug buyer can get stung.
Laws also exist which protect the rights of property owners and current land uses.
Laws also forbid discrimination against disabled and Vietnam-era veterans.
Laws also govern religious tolerance.
Laws also have to be passed.
Laws also prohibit the purchase, transport, or sale of such products.
Laws also protect logging in certain areas.
Laws also protect traditional designs from being copied.
Laws also require that dogs be licensed and immunized against rabies.
Laws also tend to lead to lawsuits.
Laws apply to children as well as adults.
Laws apply to government officials just as they apply to citizens.
Laws applying to home instruction vary considerably from state to state.
Laws are a binding customs or practices of a community.
Laws are a dead letter without courts to expound and define their true meaning and operation.
Laws are a major component of management and ecological control.
Laws are a necessity.
Laws are adequate, but enforcement is slow, as courts are overbooked.
Laws are already in place to cover fraudulently obtaining insurance.
Laws are already in place, and others are on the way, in preparation for the chip.
Laws are also important.
Laws are always tightly-bound to countries and their boundaries.
Laws are an important part of everyday life.
Laws are at one and the same time a reflection of our morality and a contract among citizens.
Laws are binding in each country because of national sovereignty.
Laws are both preventive and suppressive.
Laws are but principles legislated into existence fro human conduct.
Laws are by nature absolute.
Laws are coercive.
Laws are collections.
Laws are complex, subject to interpretation, technical exceptions, and change.
Laws are concepts.
Laws are country dependent.
Laws are created often to control violence.
Laws are currently very inadequate.
Laws are different in all parts of the world.
Laws are different in every country and they change almost daily.
Laws are different in every country.
Laws are different in other states.
Laws are easier to enforce when they are presented as part of social contract.
Laws are elastic and suitable to all, always.
Laws are everywhere.
Laws are extensive and specific about exposure limits and information to be given to employees.
Laws are external restrictions on natural freedom.
Laws are fallable because they are made by fallable men and women.
Laws are for men, they recognize no good men.
Laws are for sale in Texas, usually to the highest bidder.
Laws are fundamentally different from theories.
Laws are generalizations that describe phenomena, whereas theories explain phenomena.
Laws are generally invariant to the time, place, and person conducting the verification.
Laws are guides.
Laws are harder to resist, harder to escape, harder to control, and inherently violent.
Laws are hollow without enforcement.
Laws are important.
Laws are in place for a reason.
Laws are in place for the good of our nation's citizens.
Laws are in place for the greater good of society.
Laws are in place to keep 'order'.
Laws are in place to protect our health from major air pollutants.
Laws are in place to protect vegetation.
Laws are in the process of all passengers front and back to wear seat belts.
Laws are in writing.
Laws are inadequate Sexual harassment is illegal in the United States.
Laws are interesting.
Laws are just descriptions of observed regularities.
Laws are just.
Laws are laws by virtue of their form, rather than of their moral or political content.
Laws are legal documents.
Laws are less important.
Laws are lifeless words on statute books.
Laws are like contracts.
Laws are like sausages.
Laws are like spider webs.
Laws are logical and the concept had no logic.
Laws are logical and the concept has no logic.
Laws are made and enforced in the name of the people .
Laws are made and enforced in the name of the people.
Laws are man made.
Laws are meaningless without effective, consistent enforcement.
Laws are merely a matter of human expediency.
Laws are more efficient.
Laws are more European than events.
Laws are more logical than love.
Laws are more stringent for females.
Laws are most effective when combined with educational programs.
Laws are much more difficult to undo than they are to make.
Laws are necessary regularities.
Laws are necessary to designate all the individuals engaged in the white slave trade as criminals.
Laws are necessary.
Laws are never kind or compassionate.
Laws are no better than their enforcement.
Laws are no substitute for engineering.
Laws are notably fair and equitable, protecting both the resident and the owner.
Laws are now ever-changing, complex and increasingly difficult to keep abreast in.
Laws are now in place to control pollution, but even so, rivers have been dredged, diked and dammed.
Laws are of two kinds.
Laws are often highly subjective.
Laws are often occasional, often capricious, made always by a few, and sometimes by a single voice.
Laws are on the books in all states that make such display illegal.
Laws are only as good as their enforcement.
Laws are open to many interpretations, but are difficult to change.
Laws are orders issued by legislatures.
Laws are part of laws.
Laws are part of the solution.
Laws are part of theories.
Laws are powerful deterrents and strengthen the hands of college administrators.
Laws are redundant where technology can provide both protection and arbitration.
Laws are relatively broad in outline, with regulations providing the specifics of implementation.
Laws are restrictions on individual behavior that insure peace and freedom for the whole society.
Laws are rigid.
Laws are rules for good behavior.
Laws are rules.
Laws are rules.
Laws are searchable by state, topic, or date.
Laws are silent in time of war.
Laws are society's values and standards that are enforceable in the courts.
Laws are somewhat vague and, as such, demand interpretation .
Laws are statements, such as the law of gravity, that always apply.
Laws are strong motivators - especially when potentially contradictory.
Laws are subject to change.
Laws are subject to official publication.
Laws are the best educational devices ever invented.
Laws are the conditions under which men, naturally independent, united themselves in society.
Laws are the cornerstones of the legal world.
Laws are the foundation of the republic.
Laws are the rules by which all people live.
Laws are the same on all inertial frames.
Laws are the same only in inertial frames moving at low velocities.
Laws are the same only on inertial frames moving at near light speed.
Laws are the same only on inertial frames with zero velocity.
Laws are the same way.
Laws are there to help prevent such tragedy, but only if they are used.
Laws are things that men and women make, and that they can change.
Laws are vague enough that almost any firm is arguably guilty.
Laws are vain when hearts are unchanged.
Laws are very different from state to state and conflicting jurisdictions are problematic.
Laws are very strict for bringing in or taking out drugs and other banned substances.
Laws are very strict.
Laws are what constitute a government.
Laws are what protects society from anarchy.
Laws are words agreed upon to mean a particular thing.
Laws are worth enforcing.
Laws are, after all, written by politicians.
Laws assert themselves by imposing their authority upon a body of citizens.
Laws associated with skateboarding are trespassing and vandalism.
Laws ban minors' tobacco purchases, but enforcement is another matter.
Laws banning the primary materials used in labs to synthesize the drug also are looser.
Laws barring deceptive practices are on the books in many states.
Laws barring discrimination against women are on the books and enforced.
Laws based on the idea of risk is laws based on fantasy.
Laws bearing on timeshare transactions vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction.
Laws become complicated and vary from state to state.
Laws become the instrument of tyranny.
Laws begin as ideas and then follow a long and winding road to becoming laws.
Laws bring order and predictability to our universe.
Laws build upon each other, each one setting precedent for subsequent statutes or cases.
Laws can address the deed.
Laws can also change the use or availabliltiy of products and substitutes.
Laws can and do change to suit public opinion.
Laws can be bills , acts or subordinate legislation .
Laws can be neutral on ethical issues, or they can be used to endorse ethics.
Laws can be obsolete even before they are enacted.
Laws can be vague in language, but regulations are more to the point and specific.
Laws can be wrong.
Laws can change the hearts of men.
Laws can change, but it takes time.
Laws can come in several forms.
Laws can effect the profitability of goods and services.
Laws can have different meanings in different countries.
Laws can help to minimize discrimination in housing and the workplace.
Laws can make decent living for the young more difficult or less difficult.
Laws can never fix the problem.
Laws can only codify the most obvious societal offenses.
Laws can only force and punish.
Laws can regulate and control only so much, and can only go so far.
Laws can take care of that.
Laws can vary between states.
Laws can vary from country to country, from state to state, and from province to province.
Laws change - whether instituted by statues, ordinances, or case law.
Laws change and customs differ from state to state, so please ask for clarification.
Laws change and facts differ.
Laws change and so do the people who administer the law.
Laws change as do their interpretation through case decisions.
Laws change constantly.
Laws change every year.
Laws change frequently and actual penalties are determined by a number of factors.
Laws change frequently vary from location.
Laws change frequently.
Laws change more slowly than businesses in a dynamic and competitive world.
Laws change over time and differ from Province to Province.
Laws change over time, and differ from state to state.
Laws change over time.
Laws change periodically.
Laws change quickly.
Laws change rapidly and vary significantly from state to state.
Laws change, and procedures change.
Laws change, technology changes, and demographics change.
Laws come from members of the legislature.
Laws come into force only after signature by the monarch and the minister.
Laws complicate things.
Laws concerning Homosexuality are in the Penal code under the infamous sodomy laws.
Laws concerning personal injury cases differ from state to state.
Laws concerning privacy vary from state to state.
Laws concerning the rights of cohabitants vary dramatically.
Laws concerning the rights of married persons to control their property vary from state to state.
Laws concerning the voting rights of convicted felons vary from state to state.
Laws concerning underwater gun fishing, using explosive or chemical means are even stricter.
Laws containing exceptions undermine all pro-life legisaltion and efforts.
Laws control the number of fishers that can be trapped.
Laws control the use of accessory buildings, pools, trailer parking, and much more.
Laws controlling prescription drugs are complex and easily misunderstood.
Laws controlling the distribution of alcohol vary from state to state.
Laws cover other abortion-related offenses.
Laws create black markets and prices skyrocket.
Laws create the state and justify state action.
Laws created by man are manipulative and subject to manipulation.
Laws curtailing the right of an individual to regulate their own body are by definition invalid.
Laws deal with abductions where there is a custody order, and cases where there is no custody order.
Laws deal with concepts.
Laws dealing with informed consent vary significantly among states.
Laws dealing with some aspects of eco-terrorism are either nonexistent or too weak.
Laws define acts that, if performed, make the performer a criminal.
Laws define and assign authority and responsibility for enforcement.
Laws define employment.
Laws define overall objectives and appropriations.
Laws describe behavior.
Laws describe behaviour.
Laws designed to curtail their right to free speech are discriminatory and unjust.
Laws designed to encourage investment and exports are some of the best in the region.
Laws develop over the time and differ between jurisdictions.
Laws develop over time and differ between jurisdictions.
Laws develop over time and differ from state to state.
Laws differ from state to state, from country to country.
Laws differ from state to state.
Laws differ in each state.
Laws differ in other states.
Laws differ significantly from state to state.
Laws discriminate against women in inheritance and divorce.
Laws do limit freedom, and the question is which are needed to prevent chaos and secure justice.
Laws do more harm than good.
Laws do typically place a minimum age limit on a rider and limit the power and speed of e-bikes.
Laws do vary from state to state and between new, used and leased vehicles.
Laws do vary, so always pay an attorney to review any proposed general or specific contract.
Laws enable an orderly market and give consumers the confidence to participate.
Laws enabling labor organization come immediately to mind.
Laws enacted by local, state and national bodies are primary sources of public policy.
Laws encompass written statutes and precedential court opinions that interpret the statutes.
Laws encourage organ recycl- ing.
Laws encourage the development of industries, particularly export industries.
Laws encourage work-force diversity in energy industries.
Laws examines consumer survey methodologies, marketing strategy evaluation, pricing and advertising.
Laws exist - but it's also true that they seem to get ignored.
Laws exist for such crimes.
Laws exist here to protect working children, but they are largely ignored.
Laws exist in all kinds of societies, from the freest to the most totalitarian.
Laws exist in Canada, states of the United States and states in Australia.
Laws exist in Europe and Asia, but they are new.
Laws exist in part to tame and suppress the darker side of human nature.
Laws exist that protect the parent-child relationship from the undue influence of outside parties.
Laws exist to enforce our rights to safe drinking water.
Laws exist to ensure fairness and to defend the rights of all citizens.
Laws exist to guide human conduct.
Laws exist to protect consumers from unfair practices in the claims-handling process.
Laws exist to punish people for driving under the influence of alcohol in Ohio.
Laws focus on protection.
Laws forbid such conflicts of interest.
Laws forbid the importation of bird feathers into the United States.
Laws forbid the merging of small farms into larger units.
Laws generally exclude minors employed by parents on family farms.
Laws generally stay the same until they are challenged.
Laws get enforcement.
Laws get tougher.
Laws go to a direct public vote if they generate enough signatures.
Laws govern all actions of the public service.
Laws govern behavior.
Laws govern choices.
Laws govern defamation, libel, slander, and right of privacy.
Laws govern most of life's everyday details.
Laws govern our society.
Laws govern society.
Laws govern the treatment of human employees, and to a lesser degree, chimeras.
Laws govern use.
Laws governing adoption vary from state to state and the information below pertains to Illinois .
Laws governing alcohol can vary from state to state.
Laws governing auto titles vary from state to state.
Laws governing bench warrants vary widely.
Laws governing charitable conversions vary from state to state.
Laws governing competence and the right to refuse medical treatment vary widely from state to state.
Laws governing corporations and limited liability companies vary widely from state to state.
Laws governing exotic pet ownership vary from state to state.
Laws governing financial planners vary from state to state.
Laws governing living wills and durable power of attorney are different in each state.
Laws governing marriage in Northern Ireland are similar but there are subtle differences.
Laws governing nurse midwives vary greatly from state to state.
Laws governing prison conduct can be barriers to disease prevention.
Laws governing property and inheritance probably involve radical differences across the board.
Laws governing restrictive covenants vary from state to state, however.
Laws governing sales between suppliers and retailers are unaffected by the Directive.
Laws governing scooters depend on whether they are motorized or non-motorized.
Laws governing surface water in Texas are much more complicated and vary according to location.
Laws governing syringes and needle exchanges vary from state to state.
Laws governing the condition of cars and motorcycles are strict.
Laws governing the import and export of strategic commodities remain intact.
Laws governing the issuance of bonds vary from state to state.
Laws governing the usage of occupant restraints are the prerogative of each state.
Laws governing wills and other legal contracts are complex and vary from state to state.
Laws governing wills and probate and succession are all state laws.
Laws grind the poor, and rich men rule the law.
Laws grow out of historical context.
Laws guarantee a free appropriate education for all handicapped children.
Laws has a masters in fiber arts and has written several grants for Adams State.
Laws has nothing to hide and never did.
Laws have a legitimate teaching function.
Laws have a week to pass or fail.
Laws have components.
Laws have consequences.
Laws have exceptions.
Laws have expressive as well as formal content.
Laws have follow important consequences.
Laws have important consequences.
Laws have limitations.
Laws have long life cycles.
Laws have mercy.
Laws have no positive effect.
Laws have several purposes.
Laws have symbolic values.
Laws have to be adjusted constantly.
Laws have to be formulated to protect customers from fraudulent sales and to solve disputes.
Laws have to be imposed and then enforced.
Laws have to follow trade, and follow work.
Laws have to keep pace with technological change.
Laws have values.
Laws help make clean water possible.
Laws help to make sure people have rights and that their rights are taken care of.
Laws include versions.
Laws increasingly become limitations and restrictions within the box itself.
Laws influence our lives in many ways and play many roles in society.
Laws influence property rights, the ability to trade and enforce contracts.
Laws is involved in a program that helps child victims of abuse and neglect.
Laws issue after the offender.
Laws keep changing.
Laws keep competition robust by preventing unreasonable barriers to competition.
Laws lack enough 'teeth'.
Laws limit behavior that interferes with the safety, freedom, and property of others.
Laws limit the amount of liability a customer has for fradulent charges.
Laws limit the number of American alligators and colobus monkeys that can be killed.
Laws limit the number of boats and the amount of time boats can spend on the water.
Laws limit times for calling and provide certain post-sales remedies to reduce fraud.
Laws limiting campaign contributions are constitutional.
Laws limiting union liability serve the same function.
Laws limits the use of fire and grazing.
Laws look great on the books, but it is business as usual on the ground.
Laws made before are now bent.
Laws made by a person are the laws of religion.
Laws made by individual states are only good in that state.
Laws make no provision for including the manufacturer in traffic crimes.
Laws make our society a hospitable place for good people to live.
Laws mandate bodies, our patients deserve hearts.
Laws mandate that records and meetings of state institutions be open to the public.
Laws mandating certification of food-service employees differ by state.
Laws merely write the job description.
Laws negotiated by men are rigid, artificial and insensitive to the changing circumstances of life.
Laws now exist to protect some ecosystems.
Laws now make property owners liable for criminal activity on their land.
Laws now protect it in both North America and Europe, and hunting is much more tightly controlled.
Laws now protect sea turtles and forbid trade in turtle products.
Laws now require helmets in many areas.
Laws now require that patients be given extensive information about treatment options and effects.
Laws obviously change and differ from country to country.
Laws offer little protection and are poorly enforced.
Laws only alter the safety of the form available and the public's attitude toward it.
Laws only govern actual conduct.
Laws only solve social problems.
Laws operate only within certain parameters and under certain conditions.
Laws overseeing alcohol and boats are often weak.
Laws passed by a government are incomprehensible except to the government who made the laws.
Laws passed by municipalities are bylaws.
Laws passed by the legislature become effective ninety days after enactment.
Laws pertaining to bequests vary from state to state.
Laws pertaining to driving and dementia are subject to change.
Laws pertaining to exotic pets range from local city by-laws to federal regulations.
Laws pertaining to trees are different in each state.
Laws play many roles in our society.
Laws pressuring young women to carry pregnancies to term are dangerous.
Laws probably is the one shooting at it.
Laws prohibit damage.
Laws prohibit export of software and certain technical data to certain areas.
Laws prohibit gun purchases by minors and require waiting periods.
Laws prohibit hunting and poaching.
Laws prohibit minors from buying spray paint and make parents liable for their children's vandalism.
Laws prohibit possession or use of many drugs while on duty.
Laws prohibit that kind of military encroachment in civilian law enforcement functions.
Laws prohibit the killing, destruction, and the selling of newts.
Laws prohibit throwing or discharging refuse into the water.
Laws prohibiting careless or reckless driving also are in effect on Montana roads.
Laws prohibiting sales of tobacco to young people exist for good reason.
Laws prohibiting sex or marriage between closely related adults protect the species.
Laws promote the basics of child passenger safety but many mandate only minimal protection.
Laws proscribing suicide also proscribe assisted suicide.
Laws protect a plethora of other consumer acts.
Laws protect and punish, hopefully deterring potential offenders.
Laws protect cave resources.
Laws protect children.
Laws protect citizens.
Laws protect government lands as well as private property.
Laws protect home buyers.
Laws protect men.
Laws protect motor vehicle buyers.
Laws protect the confidentiality of patient-provider communications.
Laws protect wrecks in rivers, lakes, and in the Gulf of Mexico.
Laws protecting animals in circuses are insufficient and poorly enforced.
Laws protecting animals in traveling shows are inadequate and poorly enforced.
Laws protecting opossums vary from state to state.
Laws protecting women are lax in many post-communist countries.
Laws provide general guidelines.
Laws provide guidelines.
Laws provide justice.
Laws provide protection.
Laws provides a qualitative analysis of the physics of dance.
Laws reflect and protect their interests.
Laws regarding access to adult subject matter vary from community to community.
Laws regarding acupuncture and their legal designations vary from state to state.
Laws regarding adoptions and child support obligations vary from state to state.
Laws regarding alimony vary from state to state.
Laws regarding alimony vary substantially from state to state.
Laws regarding attachment of property to cover past due child support vary from state to state.
Laws regarding child support and visitation vary greatly from one state to another.
Laws regarding child support are different in every state.
Laws regarding children and car seats are much stricter in Europe.
Laws regarding children vary considerably from state to state.
Laws regarding disabilities, and our understanding of disabilities, in general, are ever-changing.
Laws regarding emancipation vary from state to state.
Laws regarding gene pools are only about a century old.
Laws regarding gifts and separate property vary from state to state.
Laws regarding health information are in place in many states.
Laws regarding illicit relationships are detailed.
Laws regarding importation of methadone vary widely from country to country.
Laws regarding marital property rights vary from state to state.
Laws regarding no-fault insurance vary from state to state.
Laws regarding owning a wolf Wolves and wolf dogs are a very controversial issue.
Laws regarding photography can vary significantly from nation to nation.
Laws regarding shared custody arrangements, or shared parenting, vary a lot from state to state.
Laws regarding taping phone conversations, or wiretapping, vary from state to state.
Laws regarding tax deductions also help.
Laws regarding the collecting of support arrearages vary from state to state.
Laws regarding the collection of past due child support vary from state to state.
Laws regarding the combining of marital and separate property vary widely from state to state.
Laws regarding the division of pension benefits during divorce vary quite a bit state by state.
Laws regarding the modification of visitation rights vary from state to state.
Laws regarding the sale of certain items in the catalog vary from state to state.
Laws regarding visitation vary from state to state.
Laws regulate the sale and advertising of goods.
Laws regulating abortion are often subject to pending litigation in Montana.
Laws regulating contests vary widely from country to country.
Laws regulating digital contracts still have a ways to go, however.
Laws regulating LLCs vary greatly from place to place, especially regarding fees and taxation.
Laws regulating medical directives vary by state.
Laws regulating pyrotechnics vary from state to state.
Laws relate events only in so far as the events are described in a certain way.
Laws relate to operations.
Laws relating to economics are crucial to economic growth.
Laws relating to firearms vary widely from permissive to restrictive.
Laws relating to juvenile courts, include family court, when.
Laws relating to marriage merely recognize and regulate an institution that already exists.
Laws remain ineffective if the majority fails to comply.
Laws represent a moral consensus.
Laws require agencies to submit performance reports with their budget submissions.
Laws require agencies.
Laws require annual training.
Laws require children to be immunized against infectious diseases before entering school.
Laws require citizens.
Laws require county circuit courts.
Laws require courts.
Laws require exact definitions.
Laws require government.
Laws require inspections.
Laws require more stringent energy standards than in the past.
Laws require samples to be taken from convicted offenders and put into a databank.
Laws require standards, rules, or regulations for implementation and enforcement.
Laws require that the government agencies make collected information available to the public.
Laws require the employer to provide safety training and equipment for all workers.
Laws require urban water agencies.
Laws requiring equality become government interference.
Laws requiring motorcyclists to wear helmets are in effect in many countries.
Laws resource providing information and help on filing.
Laws restrict the operating hours and timing of transactions made via banks of securities firms.
Laws restrict where new vines can be rooted and dictate wine styles as well. . . .
Laws restricting abortions often differ among the trimesters.
Laws restricting driving privileges vary greatly in the United States as well as across the world.
Laws restricting freedom of expression have no place in a democratic society.
Laws restricting government jobs to citizens protect federal bureaucrats.
Laws restricting the latter are in fact unconstitutional.
Laws say plant as illegal as growing marijuana.
Laws say required for low vision.
Laws seem to change constantly, sometimes for the better.
Laws seem to cover almost all the details of life.
Laws serving only to banish force and fraud from human relationships are acceptable.
Laws set by states and school policies can provide opportunity barriers.
Laws set limits on the husband's power to teach a wife obedience.
Laws specifically govern which type of reports can be released to the public.
Laws specifically govern which types of reports can be released to the public.
Laws spell out what society believes is right and wrong.
Laws start to break down.
Laws still matter, even though some philosophies of life wish otherwise.
Laws stretch from hiring to separation and everything in between.
Laws subjugating women are others.
Laws surrounding false reports vary.
Laws surrounding production methods for tequila are quite strict.
Laws take time to create and policies take time to be implemented.
Laws tell what happened over and over ond over.
Laws tend to develop separately over time.
Laws tend to follow far behind the arrival of the technology.
Laws there acknowledge surrogacy contracts, while North Carolina has no such law.
Laws try to protect endangered species.
Laws vary across the country and abroad.
Laws vary across the world but the Internet reaches world-wide.
Laws vary among states and countries.
Laws vary around the world.
Laws vary by state and are constantly changing.
Laws vary by state and change frequently.
Laws vary by state, as does the degree of hospitality.
Laws vary by state.
Laws vary considerably from nation to nation.
Laws vary depending upon the use of the animal.
Laws vary drastically country by country and region by region and customs by culture.
Laws vary from area to area.
Laws vary from country to country and from state to state.
Laws vary from country to country on the legality of owning or transmitting ROM images.
Laws vary from country to country, religion to religion, and state to state.
Laws vary from country to country, state to state, and in certain areas, city to city.
Laws vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction.
Laws vary from one state to another.
Laws vary from province to province and state to state.
Laws vary from state to state and are constantly changing.
Laws vary from state to state and change frequently.
Laws vary from state to state and change from time to time.
Laws vary from state to state and change with time and court interpretation.
Laws vary from state to state and usually require extensive training and some restrictions.
Laws vary from state to state as do licensing requirements.
Laws vary from state to state but most city bars stay open after midnight.
Laws vary from state to state governing the use of atlatls for hunting.
Laws vary from state to state in how they handle adolescent rights to decide their own health care.
Laws vary from state to state in terms of how receptive they are to noncompete agreements.
Laws vary from state to state on acceptable recipients.
Laws vary from state to state regarding advance directives.
Laws vary from state to state, and even from county to county.
Laws vary from state to state, but some general principles apply everywhere.
Laws vary from state to state, so clarify the level of service the agent can give.
Laws vary from state to state.
Laws vary from time to time, and from place to place.
Laws vary greatly from state to state.
Laws vary in different states.
Laws vary in each geographical jurisdiction.
Laws vary in every country, as does the process of handling doping cases.
Laws vary state by state, but certain law making and civil rights are enshrined on a national basis.
Laws vary state by state.
Laws vary state to state.
Laws vary substantially from state to state.
Laws vary widely across countries.
Laws vary widely among the states.
Laws vary widely by state.
Laws vary widely from state to state.
Laws always have loopholes.
Laws always seem to be directed against the wrong people.
Laws always transcend special interests.
Laws frequently change.
Laws frequently have unintended consequences.
Law often requires one answer for the present case.
Law often requires workers compensation.
Laws often change.
Laws often have unintended consequences.
Laws often require that a certain percentage of stock belong to a citizen of the host country.
Laws sometimes have unintended consequences.
Laws sometimes work societal revolutions.
Laws usually stipulate in their attached clauses when they come into effect.
All law evolves and changes over time, regardless of the written statute and regulations.
All law expresses somehow a religious faith, a faith in justice or righteousness.
All law is a matter of opinion.
All law is a restraining and restrictive influence.
All law is codified revenge.
All law is inherently moral.
All law is obsolete.
All law is part of the one vast law.
All law is political, that is, contextual.
All law is purely semantic.
All law reviews on the Internet are searchable at once.
All laws apply in the park.
All laws apply to the entire county.
All laws apply.
All laws are an attempt to domesticate the natural ferocity of the species.
All laws are bad.
All laws are basically false.
All laws are cross-referenced with the U.S. Code for quick, accurate citations.
All laws are moral.
All laws are racist.
All laws are subject to the interpretation of the courts.
All laws are to followed including the wearing of seat belts.
All laws are wrong.
All laws come from state legislature.
All laws covering the same topic are under one title.
All laws depend upon the Constitution for their validity.
All laws discussed are applicable to California.
All laws favor some and disfavor others.
All laws force someone's moral view on another.
All laws governing special education in Massachusetts apply to charter schools.
All laws have consequences.
All laws have the precepts of one character in that they flow from the first precept.
All laws have their penalties for disobedience, and the moral law is no different.
All laws have to be approved ultimately by the king.
All laws limit freedom.
All laws pertaining to copyrights apply.
All laws pertaining to tangible documents or instruments apply equally to electronic files.
All laws pertaining to the operation of a motor vehicle are to be observed both on and off campus.
All laws pertaining to the operation of a motor vehicle are to be observed.
All laws remain till repealed.
All laws show that.
Any law is only as good as the ability and willingness of the state to implement it.
Any law ratified by the Russian government inevitably evokes a response in other republics.
Every law abiding citizen needs to be able to protect themselves.
Every law concerned with practice presents a possible action as good.
Every law depends on good faith in observance, and consistency in enforcement.
Every law has a loophole.
Every law has two ends, a positive end and a negative end.
Every law is a facet of the cosmic law which is rooted in the integrality of the universe.
Every law is a law under some particular jurisdiction.
Every law is a limitation on liberty.
Every law is an evil, for every law is an infraction of liberty.
Every law is an extension of the predominant and prevailing morality.
Every law is an infraction of liberty.
Every law is an infringement on freedom.
Every law is constantly in motion - that's how it actually works.
Every law is intolerant.
Every law makes distinctions.
Every law passes by congress with regards to Indian people cutes into Indian sovereignty.
Every law violates privacy in some measure, that's the way our laws work.
Many laws affect citizens in their everyday lives.
Many laws affect the practice of funeral service in West Virginia.
Many laws allow the counseling to be provided by telephone or some other means.
Many laws apply to both victims of criminal and juvenile offenses.
Many laws are a reaction to some event or publicized circumstance.
Many laws are complex and are frequently changed.
Many laws are inefficient.
Many laws are on the books due to misinformed majorities.
Many laws are on the books that scream for repeal some dating back to horse and buggy days.
Many laws are so outdated, that they no longer apply in ways that benefit the modern populace.
Many laws attempt to make government more transparent by mandating public reporting.
Many laws begin with suggestions from the academic community.
Many laws cancel out other laws concerning domestic violence.
Many laws consider a premeditated crime more serious than a crime of pure violence.
Many laws dealing with crime are passionate responses to very troubling events.
Many laws differentiate between people for reasons relevant to the particular law in question.
Many laws impose general requirements on agencies.
Many laws make little sense.
Many laws prohibit discrimination against homosexuals.
Many laws regulate the coexistence of citizens.
Many laws regulate today's workplace.
Many laws require certain records to be maintained for a specified time period.
Many laws require varying degrees of local private or public equity participation.
Many laws say that the unborn child is a living person who has rights.
Many laws seem to necessitate some things and to preclude others.
Many laws stipulate a numerical limit to separate legal from illegal activities.
Many laws use language that presumes any record or form is in fact a paper document.
More laws are often a good thing.
More laws ensure safer air, drinking water, and land use.
More laws mean less freedom.
Most law abiding hunters in Minnesota take the law seriously and obey it.
Most law abiding people take it very seriously.
Most law is time sensitive.
Most laws affect a family as soon as residence in the new state and city is established.
Most laws are self-reporting.
Most laws are somewhere in between.
Most laws are vague and leave the issue to professionals and the court.
Most laws currently apply only to the driver and front seat passengers.
Most laws deal with concepts.
Most laws define employment.
Most laws describe behavior.
Most laws describe behaviour.
Most laws differ from state to state.
Most laws don t even mention lesbians.
Most laws focus on protection.
Most laws generally involve different treatment of persons.
Most laws go into effect, usually quietly, without the general public knowing or caring.
Most laws govern behavior.
Most laws govern choices.
Most laws have components.
Most laws have consequences.
Most laws have exceptions.
Most laws have follow important consequences.
Most laws have important consequences.
Most laws have limitations.
Most laws have several, some many.
Most laws have symbolic values.
Most laws have values.
Most laws involving human relationships are laws governed by the state.
Most laws offer preferential treatment for certain kinds of business activity.
Most laws prohibit damage.
Most laws protect children.
Most laws protect citizens.
Most laws protect men.
Most laws provide general guidelines.
Most laws provide guidelines.
Most laws provide protection.
Most laws relate to operations.
Most laws remain inadequate in protecting abused women or in imposing sanctions against abusers.
Most laws require agencies.
Most laws require citizens.
Most laws require county circuit courts.
Most laws require courts.
Most laws require government.
Most laws require inspections.
Most laws require urban water agencies.
Most laws tend to be broad and sweeping in their language.
Most laws work best when they are properly understood.
Some law courses.
Some law schools disregard applications that are missing information.
Some laws add costs by forbidding small apartments and dense development.
Some laws add costs simply by mandating new features like shutters and sprinklers.
Some laws address the state's lakes, rivers, and leeves and their protection.
Some laws allow both civil and criminal penalties.
Some laws already are on the books.
Some laws also have direct prohibitions on depositing contaminants within the floodways.
Some laws also require privately owned companies to have a smoking policy.
Some laws apply only to hospitals, others to a much broader set of health care organizations.
Some laws are already in effect.
Some laws are concerned with compliance itself.
Some laws are concerned with industry reports such as the community right to know acts.
Some laws are good for a laugh.
Some laws are higher than others.
Some laws are higher, and some are lower.
Some laws are just plain bizarre and silly.
Some laws are justified.
Some laws are made by stupid, cold, calloused people.
Some laws are more subject to abuse than others.
Some laws are present in both sweeps and some are only applicable to one or neither.
Some laws are silly and others are so unfair that they justify civil disobedience.
Some laws are stupid.
Some laws are themselves misleading traps for the unwary.
Some laws are unjust.
Some laws are unwise, and others are unjust.
Some laws are, at least on the surface, logical but others are utter nonsense.
Some laws clarify artist's rights, others impose certain obligations.
Some laws clearly prohibit any discrimination in employment.
Some laws concerning prayer are time-sensitive.
Some laws contain definition.
Some laws create ceilings on the number of participants.
Some laws deal specifically with capitalization for workers' compensation and employment insurance.
Some laws deal with characteristics.
Some laws deal with methods.
Some laws define marriages.
Some laws define presence.
Some laws describe effects.
Some laws describe motion.
Some laws describe phenomena.
Some laws describe principles of practice that relate to all phases of rehabilitation.
Some laws encourage the adoption of disabled children.
Some laws even trap women in violent relationships.
Some laws go even further by limiting home occupations to owner-occupants.
Some laws govern assist reproduction.
Some laws govern construction.
Some laws govern energy.
Some laws govern inventions.
Some laws govern mechanical inventions.
Some laws govern medicine.
Some laws govern possessions.
Some laws govern protection.
Some laws govern reproduction.
Some laws have effects.
Some laws impose larger obligations on sellers than others.
Some laws leave it up to judges to define what murder or rape is.
Some laws make it difficult for a person who has been in the U.S. illegally to obtain legal status.
Some laws make specific juridical requirements for sentencing.
Some laws permit limited access to public records or restrict use of the records by the recipients.
Some laws permit smoking in separately enclosed, independently ventilated, designated smoking rooms.
Some laws prohibit events.
Some laws prohibit handing flyers to people in automobiles.
Some laws prohibit insurers from asking people directly about their sexual orientation.
Some laws prohibit labor.
Some laws prohibit sales.
Some laws prohibit use.
Some laws protect albinos.
Some laws protect animals.
Some laws protect creatures.
Some laws protect gibbons.
Some laws protect girls.
Some laws protect ibexs.
Some laws protect moose.
Some laws protect muntjacs.
Some laws protect silvery gibbons.
Some laws protect the public's right to privacy concerning confidential personal information.
Some laws protect trees from being cut down.
Some laws protect wild yaks.
Some laws protect women.
Some laws protect yaks.
Some laws provide a threshold level of damages, called statutory damages .
Some laws provide answers.
Some laws provide descriptions.
Some laws provide for certain education courses.
Some laws provide for separate smoking and nonsmoking sections.
Some laws provide for stabilization of the legislative regime under which the investment is made.
Some laws relate to young people.
Some laws require all vehicles to be equipped with DRLs.
Some laws require burial.
Some laws require carriers.
Some laws require departments.
Some laws require factors.
Some laws require information technology.
Some laws require investigations.
Some laws require participation.
Some laws require pilots.
Some laws require private pilots.
Some laws require purposes.
Some laws require railroads.
Some laws require slaves.
Some laws require technicians.
Some laws require technology.
Some laws require that building designs provide for the physically handicapped.
Some laws restrain market solutions to our transportation problems.
Some laws restrict volunteer activity.
Some laws seem to add insult to injury.
Some laws still tend to discriminate against women.
A lawbreaker is a criminal
Lawbreakers are located in jails.
Lawbreakers know that Saline County has no room to incarcerate.
Lawbreakers receive penalties.
Some lawbreakers deserve severe punishment.
LAWE demands the immediate release of the detainees, and upholds their right to legal counsel.
LAWE is able to learn a procedure by the user demonstrating the steps.
Lawful assemblies have the legal right to proceed.
Lawful authority goes to whether the officer's actions are conducted in accordance with the law.
Lawful characters find it easier to accept the practice regiman and state of mind of most warlords.
Lawful citizens have no place on death row, yet innocent inmates sometimes end up there.
Lawful conquest supposes, that the conqueror has had just reason to wage war against the vanquished.
Lawful damage is also justified damage returned by a player against an unlawful aggressor.
Lawful gain is good.
Lawful object is the sixth element of a contract.
Lawful postage is, of course, any rate that is established pursuant to the existing law.
Lawful prisoners are either prisoners charged with crimes, or for a civil liability.
Lawful relationships exist throughout the entire range of physical and other scientific phenomena.
Lawful rent is the rent negotiated between the landlord and tenant.
Lawful things can become wrong when they enslave the individual.
All lawful things are in some sense just.
Lawful times are any reasonable time when an employee is employed.
Lawlessness begets lawlessness.
Lawlessness excites more lawlessness.
Lawlessness is illegality
Lawlessness is illegality.
Lawlessness reigns there.
Lawlessness runs riot.
A lawmaker is a leader
Lawmaker mentions Cincinnati at Dayton event.
Lawmaker pushes ban on spanking in school.
Lawmaker pushes for damage limit to protect companies from frivolous lawsuits.
Lawmakers actually appreciate hearing from their constituents and value their opinions.
Lawmakers adjourn with a Constitutional crisis on their hands.
Lawmakers advance the meat inspection bill to third round debate.
Lawmakers already have instant access to votes on their computer network.
Lawmakers also are likely to face a vigorous debate on how to replace the state's blanket primary.
Lawmakers also can call themselves into special session with a two-thirds vote of both chambers.
Lawmakers apparently agree.
Lawmakers apparently fear a loss of public support if they vote in favor of the bill.
Lawmakers apparently think so.
Lawmakers appear divided along rural-urban lines.
Lawmakers appear eager to comply and children's advocates cheered the announcements.
Lawmakers appear likely to appoint a group to work out a compromise.
Lawmakers appear ready to help, but they have different ideas about how to replenish the fund.
Lawmakers appear to agree.
Lawmakers approve a sales tax exemption for school clothes and supplies.
Lawmakers approve other retirement-related legislation.
Lawmakers are a peculiar species.
Lawmakers are about to go home for a two-week spring recess.
Lawmakers are anxious to tackle the special session's major issues and head home.
Lawmakers are at work on a new measure.
Lawmakers are aware of the child exploitation problems on the Internet.
Lawmakers are clearly impatient with the pace of industry privacy protections.
Lawmakers are clueless to what's going on out there.
Lawmakers are concerned about the security of online banking.
Lawmakers are concerned because state budget officials project a revenue slowdown late next year.
Lawmakers are concerned over security lapses that are aiding auto thieves.
Lawmakers are currently on vacation.
Lawmakers are eager to place limits on human minds for their own reasons.
Lawmakers are hopeful that the hotel taxes can be increased in time for the busy summer season.
Lawmakers are in session for about eight months of every year.
Lawmakers are interested in the moral basis for western law.
Lawmakers are jittery about the fallout.
Lawmakers are likely to reject the proposal again when the issue resurfaces on the floor.
Lawmakers are more than two weeks into overtime.
Lawmakers are on pace to eclipse the record for days in session.
Lawmakers are our employees.
Lawmakers are quick to acknowledge that they face tough odds.
Lawmakers are sharply divided over how to use money generated by the fund.
Lawmakers are skeptical about the governor's tax plan.
Lawmakers are still more focused on currying favour with party bosses than on the public good.
Lawmakers are usually reluctant to discuss closed-door conference committee work.
Lawmakers are well aware of the situation.
Lawmakers assume their voters mirror the state.
Lawmakers attend multiple fundraisers practically every day to help get colleagues elected.
Lawmakers band together for children's protective legislation.
Lawmakers bask in the glow when resources are plentiful.
Lawmakers battle over priorities.
Lawmakers begin work on how to either cut the budget or find more cash to maintain it today.
Lawmakers call for action.
Lawmakers can accept, reject or alter the proposal.
Lawmakers can approve it or ignore it.
Lawmakers can begin by scaling back the proposed elimination of the estate tax.
Lawmakers can eliminate legislation which micromanages education and school boards.
Lawmakers can force public schools and colleges to balance their athletic programs.
Lawmakers can get to information quickly and they have the potential to work more thoroughly.
Lawmakers can make it a better law by extending the deadline for application.
Lawmakers can now go home for the holiday break.
Lawmakers can override the vetoes by simple majorities in both houses.
Lawmakers can solve the problem if they want to.
Lawmakers covet their ability to direct dollars to various state colleges.
Lawmakers deadlock on the tax-cut bill.
Lawmakers debate academic standards.
Lawmakers debate concealed weapons.
Lawmakers debate excuting mentally retarded under death sentence.
Lawmakers debate the issue of concealed weapons.
Lawmakers debate whether to override the governor's vetoes.
Lawmakers depend on staff to handle many constituent phone calls.
Lawmakers disagree over key components found in many trade pacts.
Lawmakers do sometimes blunder on science issues.
Lawmakers don t appear to be moved.
Lawmakers expect privatization to be approved today.
Lawmakers expect the project to be self-sustaining within three years.
Lawmakers express alarm over the news.
Lawmakers express alarmed over the news.
Lawmakers eye online auction rules to measure effectiveness of antifraud efforts.
Lawmakers face a daunting task.
Lawmakers file legislation to allow inter-basin transfers.
Lawmakers file legislation to create funding mechanism for water supply development.
Lawmakers file legislation to protect people wrongly accused .
Lawmakers find themselves in an awkward spot.
Lawmakers gather again in Richmond today in the slim hope of breaking the deadlock.
Lawmakers gather today in a session filled with more uncertainty than they have had in years.
Lawmakers generally do their best to see that every constituent query gets a reply.
Lawmakers grab more space in the statehouse.
Lawmakers have a limited arsenal of tools to deal with the shortfall.
Lawmakers have a new budget plan to talk about.
Lawmakers have a tendency to raise the gas tax in spurts.
Lawmakers have just two weeks before their session ends.
Lawmakers have less than two weeks to send the governor a final budget proposal.
Lawmakers have nine days left in the session, to get all the lines of the map in place.
Lawmakers have to address the problem of collapsing oil prices.
Lawmakers have yet to come up with a way to balance the state budget.
Lawmakers have yet to give final approval to the legislative redistricting plan.
Lawmakers have yet to reach a consensus on how to shore up the ailing programs.
Lawmakers having varying degrees of deftness is salesmanship.
Lawmakers head home without major legislative accomplishments to brag about to their constituents.
Lawmakers hear it so many times that some become believers.
Lawmakers help sought in casino fight.
Lawmakers here can cook, count, drive, teach and even preach.
Lawmakers hope to avoid any conflict.
Lawmakers hope to have that bill on the governor s desk as early as today.
Lawmakers hope to learn when company executives knew about the defects.
Lawmakers hope to make the Internet a safer place for consumers of all ages in Vermont.
Lawmakers hope to reach a compromise in the next few days.
Lawmakers inject inmate health care policy into budget.
Lawmakers insist they have no dispute with the Japanese government or citizens.
Lawmakers insist they want to give rural customers a boost.
Lawmakers introduce patients' bill of rights.
Lawmakers introduce reading incentive initiative.
Lawmakers learn quickly who they can rely on.
Lawmakers like to make laws.
Lawmakers like to say they re tough on crime.
Lawmakers listen to the people.
Lawmakers love to hear directly from CEOs.
Lawmakers make bribery of a public official a crime again.
Lawmakers measure the citizen concern from all sectors in the weeks following the budget message.
Lawmakers never spend much on that, and voters never demand more.
Lawmakers note longer prison terms.
Lawmakers now represent industries more than voters.
Lawmakers offer no official instructions, guidelines or funding for the new board.
Lawmakers offer pipeline-testing bill .
Lawmakers only meet every two years.
Lawmakers ought to bow down and give thanks.
Lawmakers pass tariffs and quotas in exchange for cash and votes.
Lawmakers pass tax cuts on their last day.
Lawmakers pay the most attention to letters from individual voters.
Lawmakers pick one of their own for top staff position.
Lawmakers ponder lethal injection.
Lawmakers probe root of domestic violence.
Lawmakers prove their commitment' to education by throwing more money at school.
Lawmakers push for companies in their districts, trying to secure local jobs.
Lawmakers question other staffing decisions.
Lawmakers raise money to help themselves survive.
Lawmakers receive funds for social programs in their districts.
Lawmakers recognize the importance of privacy and allow judges to impound papers in certain cases.
Lawmakers rely heavily on their staff's recommendations.
Lawmakers remain baffled over how to address the repeat offender.
Lawmakers remain skeptical about a tax hike for road construction.
Lawmakers repeal controversial ergonomics regulations.
Lawmakers representing fishermen insist the aid is vital.
Lawmakers rewrote the finance system to enact a new statewide property tax and other reforms.
Lawmakers routinely write to federal agencies on behalf of constituents or companies.
Lawmakers say a compromise on easing the marriage penalty and eliminating the estate tax is likely.
Lawmakers say democracy is being bypassed.
Lawmakers say rules for private sessions are too vague.
Lawmakers say that persistence helped city officials win tens of millions in federal dollars.
Lawmakers say the high prices are linked to more-expensive reformulated gasoline.
Lawmakers say the move is a step toward greater democracy.
Lawmakers say the system generally works well.
Lawmakers say their chief aim is to improve beneficiary services and outreach.
Lawmakers say their patience is running thin.
Lawmakers say there isn t enough money to fix our transportation problems.
Lawmakers say they are still looking for ways to pay for the building.
Lawmakers say they have the necessary two-thirds majority to override, however.
Lawmakers say they plan to work on the details through the weekend.
Lawmakers say they seek to finally get a handle on a business long out of control.
Lawmakers say they support safer hospitals.
Lawmakers say they treat e-mail the same as postal mail.
Lawmakers say they want to offer many public hearings on state policy.
Lawmakers say they wrote the legislation to protect the state's interests.
Lawmakers say they'd like to provide more money, but state coffers are dry.
Lawmakers say they'll revisit the requirement next session.
Lawmakers say they've learned to ignore the cameras, and bureaucrats drone on as ever before.
Lawmakers see it as a key to attracting people to the state both as tourists and residents.
Lawmakers seek money for pharmacy college in Nevada.
Lawmakers seem similarly cautious about the inoculation program.
Lawmakers seem to know it's time to act.
Lawmakers send the governor a ban on partial-birth abortions.
Lawmakers send the governor legislation to regulate managed care.
Lawmakers share that frustration over the pace of executions.
Lawmakers show scant signs of learning from their mistakes.
Lawmakers spend campaign funds to entertain constituents who visit Washington.
Lawmakers sponsoring the bill say their intent is to help public employees.
Lawmakers suggest making professors teach extra classes to offset a budget shortfall.
Lawmakers support research and education because they provide benefits to the nation.
Lawmakers target identity theft, hoping to improve how victims can recover from the crime.
Lawmakers think so, and they blame it on irradiation, the word.
Lawmakers tweak the system, but problems remain.
Lawmakers unite for crime victims .
Lawmakers vote to force insurance companies to cover domestic violence damages.
Lawmakers vow to pass a bill by year's end.
Lawmakers vow to reintroduce the legislation next year.
Lawmakers welcome constituent mail.
Lawmakers wimp out by trying to steal the money from the county governments to help fill the gap.
Lawmakers work off that document, usually making minor adjustments instead of major changes.
Lawmakers work to stay available for constituents .
Lawmakers working on juvenile crime legislation freely say they can only do a small part.
Lawmakers often rely on letters from constituents to gauge public opinion in their districts.
Lawmakers sometimes forget commitments, especially when budget crunches hit.
All lawmakers have an E-mail address through the state's web site.
All lawmakers have their own wish lists.
All lawmakers like to talk the family, the schools, the needs of the community.
All lawmakers pick a representative from among the candidates.
Many lawmakers agree.
Many lawmakers are in no mood to take orders from the court.
Many lawmakers are unwilling to stand up to the farm lobby and do what's right.
Many lawmakers attend town hall meetings in their districts.
Many lawmakers expect growth control to return with stronger support next year.
Many lawmakers oppose raising taxes to fund the plan announced last week.
Many lawmakers prefer the optical scanning system.
Many lawmakers rightfully complain that fundraising is a distraction from their duties.
Many lawmakers say that credit-card companies prey on the financial inexperience of young people.
Many lawmakers say that the central issue, however, is about character.
Many lawmakers still give great weight to paper and diminish e-mail.
Many lawmakers view tax incentives as the tool of choice for almost any problem.
Most lawmakers are unfamiliar with private efforts to promote safe and appropriate practices.
Most lawmakers have other jobs on the side.
Most lawmakers spend as much time as they can in their districts meeting with their constituents.
Most lawmakers think a new drug benefit for seniors is inevitable.
Some lawmakers accuse federal judges of abusing the system.
Some lawmakers agree.
Some lawmakers already agree.
Some lawmakers also favor rate cuts as well as changing other provisions affecting tax-free gifts.
Some lawmakers are also wary of the program.
Some lawmakers are angry about the first one.
Some lawmakers are anxious to finish.
Some lawmakers are doubtful.
Some lawmakers are ready to go back to the old ways of doing things, hoping to save lives.
Some lawmakers are sure to object once the measure reaches the floor.
Some lawmakers argue to reduce funding and the powers of the public defenders.
Some lawmakers believe that legally prescribed medicines too often make their way to other people.
Some lawmakers call for banning the practice when public safety is at risk.
Some lawmakers consider the schedule too optimistic.
Some lawmakers disagree with the E-rate funding program, arguing that is an unfair tax.
Some lawmakers doubt Mexico's commitment to fighting drug trafficking.
Some lawmakers favor a moratorium until that report is done.
Some lawmakers have ex pressed concern about raising taxes in Kentucky to help a Cincinnati project.
Some lawmakers have individual fax machines.
Some lawmakers have more ambitious plans.
Some lawmakers make hay on the grants long after they have been announced in Harrisburg.
Some lawmakers now say they are shocked at the results.
Some lawmakers offer visitors a list of their own favorite Web sites.
Some lawmakers oppose the lottery because they oppose gambling.
Some lawmakers plan to amend the proposal to simply repeal the civil union law.
Some lawmakers recommend using tobacco settlement dollars to bridge the state's budget shortfall.
Some lawmakers say it's about time.
Some lawmakers say such regulation is the job of the federal government.
Some lawmakers say that wording in the ban makes fishing a felony.
Some lawmakers say the bill is nothing more than political maneuvering.
Some lawmakers say the entire session was mismanaged.
Some lawmakers say the hordes have grown larger and more insistent.
Some lawmakers say there are better uses for public money.
Some lawmakers say things have gotten so bad, only the state can run the district.
Some lawmakers support a split as a way to entice police to follow state law.
Some lawmakers sure are hot and bothered about the initiative process.
A lawman is a guardian
Lawman looks great.
Lawmen see the effect too.
Lawn bowlers argue that their game is far more difficult and much more social.
A lawn bowling is a bowling
Lawn bowling is the same, except the balls are rolled on a smooth grass court.
Lawn bowling looks a lot like bocce.
Lawn care is a year round job in Florida.
Lawn care is included with the monthly rent.
Lawn care is provided by the owners.
A lawn chair is a chair
Lawn chairs are a necessity, but all other facilities are available.
Lawn chairs are acceptable in designated side sections only.
Lawn chairs are also welcome.
Lawn chairs are chairs.
Lawn chairs are located in lawns.
Lawn chairs are nice to have for sitting around the campfire in the evenings.
Lawn chairs are outdoor furniture.
Lawn chairs are welcome as long as they're small and easily portable.
Lawn chairs are welcome on mulched areas, but please leave backpacks at home.
Lawn chairs fill the gap between the grandstand and the stage.
Lawn chemicals can have effects.
Lawn chemicals can have serious effects.
Lawn chemicals pollute water.
Lawn darts are illegal in Canada.
Lawn darts are located in lawns.
Lawn darts can cause skull punctures and other serious injuries.
Lawn furniture is furniture
Lawn furniture is provided.
Lawn grass forms a dense interwoven network of growth just above soil level.
Lawn grass occupies more land than any single agricultural crop in the United States.
Lawn grass seeded in fall has good long-term survival prospects.
Lawn grasses can be very sensitive to certain practices during green-up.
Lawn grasses make their food through a process called photosynthesis.
Lawn grasses require adequate amounts of phosphorus in the root zone to survive.
All lawn grasses are susceptible.
Many lawn grasses grow from runners.
Most lawn grasses are cool season species, which die back during the heat of the summer.
Most lawn grasses are quite tolerant of soil acidity.
Most lawn grasses are subject to attack by white grubs.
Most lawn grasses can tolerate damage.
Most lawn grasses require full sunlight.
Some lawn jockeys hold lanterns.
A lawn mower is a tool
Lawn mowers are a good example.
Lawn mowers are expensive to replace so save big and purchace our discounted engines.
Lawn mowers are located in garages.
Lawn mowers are located in lawns.
Lawn mowers are located in sheds.
Lawn mowers are more dangerous than guns.
Lawn mowers are of two basic types-rotary and reel.
Lawn mowers can damage a tree.
Lawn mowers come in many styles and sizes.
Lawn mowers didn t seem to be dull enough today.
Lawn mowers provide the non-thinking answer to every landscaping question.
Lawn mowers sound better in small ensembles.
Lawn mowers vibrate and can loosen fasteners.
Most lawn mowers are either reel or rotary types.
Lawn ornaments are nothing new.
Lawn ornaments define coolness.
Lawn sprinklers are notoriously inconsistent in their coverage.
Some lawn sprinklers are reaction turbines.
Lawn tractors are big sellers with people who have a half acre yard or more.
Lawn tractors are larger and look more like a car.
A lawn is a field
Lawn can be an effective firescape feature.
Lawn can be attractive.
Lawn care without pesticides.
Lawn clean up, mowing, box blade work.
Lawn crypts with double-depth vaults in a special section of Mt. Calvary.
Lawn edges and curb areas are very easy to miss.
Lawn features gazebo and a beautiful rose garden.
Lawn is even better at unifying a garden than water.
Lawn is frivolous.
Lawn is prone and vulnerable to the action of insects and pests.
Lawn isa field.
Lawn looks grey.
Lawn mowing day is a regular roar.
Lawn rakes handle lawn debris such as grass clippings and leaves.
Lawn upkeep The city of Fort Collins has specific rules in regards to lawn upkeep.
Lawn watering requirements change throughout the growing season.
Lawns add insult to injury because grass lacks deep roots that help prevent erosion.
Lawns also are lush even though sprinklers are running less.
Lawns also can get by without any more fertilizer.
Lawns also figure prominently in late summer family barbecues.
Lawns also keep precious top-soil from eroding away.
Lawns also prevent soil erosion, reduce runoff and filters contaminants from rainwater.
Lawns also provide a monochromatic blanket of green.
Lawns appear to be sensitive to pool water.
Lawns are a cultural entity.
Lawns are a good deal.
Lawns are a major part of the daily work schedule.
Lawns are a significant source of yard waste during the growing season.
Lawns are America's passion in the summer time.
Lawns are an additional source of nutrients and pesticides in the urban environment.
Lawns are an ecological waste.
Lawns are boring.
Lawns are brown.
Lawns are dry when footprints remain in the grass long after being made.
Lawns are easier to establish during wet periods, when the temperature is moderately cool.
Lawns are fields.
Lawns are gardens.
Lawns are grass.
Lawns are gravel and sand and spotted with cacti, paloverde and mesquite.
Lawns are green.
Lawns are high maintenance and low in value for wildlife.
Lawns are home to many, many insects.
Lawns are in much better shape.
Lawns are located in backyards.
Lawns are located in front yards.
Lawns are located in golf courses.
Lawns are located in suburbs.
Lawns are located in yards.
Lawns are lush and green.
Lawns are lush and well cared for, gardens are tidy and the parks are well maintained.
Lawns are moist fertile areas where the conditions usually support a plentiful supply of live food.
Lawns are more harmful to lakes than are toxic substances and waste derived from septic systems.
Lawns are more harmful to lakes than toxic substances or waste from individual sewage systems.
Lawns are neat, neighbors move freely about the quiet, tiny block.
Lawns are neat.
Lawns are of little use to wildlife and they require extra water, fertilizer and pesticides.
Lawns are our culture and history.
Lawns are still green also.
Lawns are susceptible to several different diseases.
Lawns are the biggest water users in home landscapes.
Lawns are used for barbeques.
Lawns are used for weedings.
Lawns are useful in areas where people walk and stroll and picnic and play catch.
Lawns are water hogs.
Lawns are weed-free.
Lawns are well-tended, bungalows freshly painted and often remodeled, streets lined with trees.
Lawns are wildlife deserts.
Lawns are yawns.
Lawns Avoid walking on frozen lawns.
Lawns benefit from a late fall application of slow-release nitrogen fertilizer.
Lawns benefit from a raking to remove winter debris such as old leaves and moss.
Lawns can absorb nutrients from decomposing grass clippings that are left on the lawn after mowing.
Lawns can also be expensive and time-consuming.
Lawns can do without water for a long time and turn green again when moisture is available.
Lawns can leach fertilizers, chemicals, and organic debris into the pond.
Lawns can survive with little or no fertilizer.
Lawns can survive without feeding, but fertilized lawns fight weeds better and look better.
Lawns can tolerate a few grubs.
Lawns cascade and gardens snake below wind-swept terraces.
Lawns comprise nearly one-quarter of urban and suburban landscapes.
Lawns consist of whatever happens to grow in front of a house.
Lawns continue to be lush green from the above normal rainfall.
Lawns create a heavy environmental toll.
Lawns do help oxygenate and cleanse our environment, just like trees and shrubs.
Lawns eat nitrogen.
Lawns extend out to the beach.
Lawns Fertilize the lawn with a slow release fertilizer.
Lawns Fertilize the lawn, trees, and perennials.
Lawns gently slope to the sandy beaches with no steep banks or steps.
Lawns get a lot of foot traffic, and compacted soil is the result.
Lawns green up, trees leaf out and weeds take over.
Lawns grow at different rates depending on environmental conditions and management practices.
Lawns grow best in soil with intermediate or loamy soils that have a mix of clay, silt, and sand.
Lawns grow best in the spring and fall.
Lawns grow well beneath the tree and there is little to rake up in the fall.
Lawns have problems.
Lawns have trees.
Lawns hug the waterline, flowerbeds and rock gardens surround the camp.
Lawns maintain shades.
Lawns Mow it at least once a week, twice if possible, and finish by cutting the edges neatly.
Lawns needing some lime and potassium can also benefit from wood ash.
Lawns provide a relaxing spot for a cook-out and a cushioned play area for our kids.
Lawns provide safe playing surfaces for children and sports activities.
Lawns provide sources.
Lawns receiving adequate amounts of water are less susceptible to damage.
Lawns recover from dollar spot injury when conditions are favorable for vigorous, healthy growth.
Lawns reduce noise and improve air quality by trapping dust and pollutants.
Lawns reduce runoff and control erosion.
Lawns reduce the habitat available to wildlife.
Lawns replace native habitats, and so suburbs are less biodiverse than other areas.
Lawns represent a sizable investment in both time and monetary expenditures.
Lawns require about one inch of water once per week.
Lawns require about one inch of water, although no more than once a week.
Lawns require about one to two inches of rain or irrigation water a week.
Lawns require continuous attention to look their best.
Lawns require fertilizer when they begin spring growth and again in the fall.
Lawns require more water when first planted.
Lawns require nitrogen, phosphorous and potassium in the greatest quantities.
Lawns require tremendous amounts of water.
Lawns run down to the lily pond and there is room for children to play or for quiet relaxation.
Lawns stay greener, longer in extended hot weather conditions.
Lawns suffer the most damage from dog urine in hot, dry weather where it sits without washing away.
Lawns suffer under layers of fallen leaves.
Lawns surround areas.
Lawns surround gardens.
Lawns surround homes.
Lawns surround the house and, next to it, a huge red barn.
Lawns take enormous amounts of water, fertilizer and energy.
Lawns turn light green or yellow and thin out.
Lawns typically struggle and the list of landscape plant material grows smaller.
Lawns use more water per square metre than any other area of the garden.
Lawns use much more fertilizer and pesticides per acre than the forests and farmlands they replace.
Lawns often look dull and brown by the end of winter.
Lawns often run right up to and under trees and shrubs.
Lawns usually fill-in as conditions warm in spring.
Lawns usually use the most water in a landscape.
All lawn bocce cause fat whether hard, and shower claim whomever.
All lawns can stand an application of high nitrogen fertilizer to stimulate spring growth.
All lawns require some degree of maintenance.
All lawns require yearly or seasonal fertilization for maximum growth.
Any lawn has the potential to develop a weed infestation.
Every lawn has a thatch layer.
Many lawns never require thatch removal.
Many lawns show drought symptoms because of inadequate water despire irrigation systems.
Most lawns are a mix of Kentucky bluegrass and fine leaved-fescue.
Most lawns are bumpy because of improper establishment, followed by natural settling of the soil.
Most lawns are combinations of Kentucky bluegrass, creeping red fescue, and perennial ryegrass.
Most lawns can get by with very little fertilization, often less than once a year.
Most lawns get a fair of amount of traffic, especially if there are children around.
Most lawns have problems.
Most lawns have trees.
Most lawns maintain shades.
Most lawns only require nitrogen to green up.
Most lawns provide sources.
Most lawns receive twice as much water as they require for a healthy appearance.
Most lawns require a minimum of one inch of water per week.
Some lawns are cluttered with toys and gardening equipment.
Some lawns are thin in places.
Some lawns create conditions.
Some lawns create moist conditions.
Some lawns depend on ability.
Some lawns enhance growth.
Some lawns have requirements.
Some lawns lead to erosion.
Some lawns provide food.
Some lawns require insects.
Some lawns thrive, some lawns die, and some lawns just look lousy.
Lawndale soils have more mottles and low chroma colors throughout the control section.
Lawrence county has few felony cases and they generally get to trial quickly.
Lawrence ecosystem includes eight U.S. states and two Canadian provinces.
Lawrence merchants are happy to take our money and keep it there.
Lawrence police say they are investigating.
Lawrence region is anticipated.
Lawrence students have an interesting bias about Appleton.
Lawrence students recognize and respect quality, and are committed to an artistic result.
Many Lawrence students face multiple obstacles to achieving success in school.
Lawrence system can become ecowatchers.
Lawrence traffic claims another one.
A lawrencium is an element
Lawrencium has no biological role.
Lawrencium has no naturally occurring isotopes.
Lawrencium is a radioactive element.
Lawrencium is a trivalent ion in aqueous solution.
Lawrencium is created by nuclear bombardment, and has only been produced in miniscule amounts.
Lawrencium is made from californium.
Lawrencium is of scientific research interest only.
Lawrencium is radioactive and therefore considered toxic.
Lawrenciums are chemical elements.
Lawrenciums are radioactive substances.
Laws of physic are located in universes.
Lawsuit abuse discourages entrepreneurship and increases the price of high-tech goods and services.
Lawsuit abuse is a huge problem growing out of control.
Lawsuit abuse is a major problem in our society and a serious drag on our economy.
Lawsuit abuse is a major problem in our society and an enormous drain on our economy.
Lawsuit abuse is a national problem and justifies a Congressional solution.
Lawsuit abuse is a very important issue.
Lawsuit abuse is certainly a problem.
Lawsuit abuse is one of the top problems facing small businesses today.
Lawsuit reform makes good copy too.
A lawsuit is a due process
Lawsuit alleges IPO arrangement distorted share prices.
Lawsuit charges TV executives stole secrets behind running a house full of partially clad people.
Lawsuit is a gamble The stakes are high.
Lawsuits abound from wrong doings.
Lawsuits abound in the film world.
Lawsuits aim to force greater accountability.
Lawsuits are a fight.
Lawsuits are a lousy way to survive.
Lawsuits are also in progress to ban affirmative action in Michigan and Maryland.
Lawsuits are also very effective in achieving parity.
Lawsuits are anecdotes.
Lawsuits are another concern.
Lawsuits are another option.
Lawsuits are another route.
Lawsuits are at an all time high and awards are skyrocketing beyond belief.
Lawsuits are bad.
Lawsuits are civil proceedings, as distinguished from criminal proceedings.
Lawsuits are common in the business.
Lawsuits are common.
Lawsuits are costly and time-consuming.
Lawsuits are costly, time consuming and emotional, but sometimes unavoidable.
Lawsuits are costly.
Lawsuits are court cases.
Lawsuits are difficult to win.
Lawsuits are document-intensive endeavors.
Lawsuits are down in Texas.
Lawsuits are expensive, even for companies that have lawyers on retainer or staff.
Lawsuits are expensive.
Lawsuits are filed, families are split, friends and relatives are shocked.
Lawsuits are force.
Lawsuits are in the deposition phase among owners, managers, tenants and insurance companies.
Lawsuits are in the works.
Lawsuits are legalized war.
Lawsuits are limited in what they address.
Lawsuits are long, expensive, and stressful.
Lawsuits are more potent against private enforcers than public enforcers.
Lawsuits are no fun.
Lawsuits are often the best defense of the environment.
Lawsuits are one of the primary reason why health care is so expensive.
Lawsuits are one way - and that's what's happening in the airport noise and lite rail battles.
Lawsuits are only part of the problem.
Lawsuits are only possible because spamming is against membership agreements.
Lawsuits are pending against the sheriff's office, the school district and the gun show operator.
Lawsuits are pending in both cases.
Lawsuits are pending.
Lawsuits are proceeding.
Lawsuits are relevant to the individual.
Lawsuits are reportedly in the wings, anxious to get on stage.
Lawsuits are risky.
Lawsuits are serious business.
Lawsuits are society's way of enforcing product specifications and warranties.
Lawsuits are starting to appear, so it's more important than ever to proceed cautiously.
Lawsuits are stupid.
Lawsuits are subject to time limits, called statutes of limitations, which vary.
Lawsuits are the only recourse.
Lawsuits are the primary means of enforcement.
Lawsuits are too complicated for most people.
Lawsuits are under way in some states.
Lawsuits are up.
Lawsuits are useful to punish corporations or to represent consumers.
Lawsuits are worthwhile.
Lawsuits blame postsurgical infections on a single source - contaminated sutures.
Lawsuits brought by buyers usually deal with non-disclosure issues.
Lawsuits brought by the affected children are even more widely disapproved.
Lawsuits can affect a large number of people in two ways.
Lawsuits can allege any number of damages and name all parties.
Lawsuits can also run up against state constitutions.
Lawsuits can bankrupt a business.
Lawsuits can be time-consuming and costly.
Lawsuits can be ugly if someone gets the disease, histoplasmosis.
Lawsuits can clarify how due process protections apply in managed care settings.
Lawsuits can cost hundreds of thousands of dollars for the company as well as suited employees.
Lawsuits can go only so far in eliminating the threats.
Lawsuits can negatively effect the financial success of the business.
Lawsuits can result within the family.
Lawsuits can take years, and involve endless maneuvering.
Lawsuits cause stress.
Lawsuits challenging the technology are likely to advance more slowly still.
Lawsuits clog the courts, further dragging the economy down.
Lawsuits commenced by the federal government are a serious matter.
Lawsuits condemning cigarettes and guns are nothing new.
Lawsuits consume both endlessly.
Lawsuits continue to fly in the world of online music.
Lawsuits cost money and time.
Lawsuits currently take years to get to court and are extremely costly for the insured.
Lawsuits do nothing to clean up the air.
Lawsuits eventually follow.
Lawsuits facing States and MCOs make the market seem risky.
Lawsuits finally take their toll on the venerable tobacco giant.
Lawsuits fly and transportation costs increase tenfold.
Lawsuits go against the basic nature of the industry.
Lawsuits going everywhere, back and forth now, it's a messed up situation.
Lawsuits happen even in the best-kept homes.
Lawsuits have to be filed within a certain time period.
Lawsuits help bring attention to that cause.
Lawsuits involving a dozen children with severe birth defects are pending in U.S. courts.
Lawsuits look likely.
Lawsuits make people adversarial.
Lawsuits naming directors and officers along with other parties are common.
Lawsuits only happen after a patient has been wronged, when it's usually too late.
Lawsuits only lead to more hurt, more blame, more finger pointing, and an adversarial climate.
Lawsuits polarize and ultimately ruin relationships.
Lawsuits pose as prevention.
Lawsuits prevent the state from moving forward with the project.
Lawsuits proliferate, further dragging the economy down.
Lawsuits promptly follow.
Lawsuits provide another means of forcibly taking money from another.
Lawsuits questioning the constitutionality of the rite are pending in Japanese courts.
Lawsuits remain an expensive proposition for consulting engineers.
Lawsuits riddle our courts.
Lawsuits seek to bypass the legislative process.
Lawsuits seeking a return of the money are still in U.S. courts.
Lawsuits seeking damages are rare.
Lawsuits seem to be a way of life for the Giuliani administration.
Lawsuits seem to be flying into courtrooms.
Lawsuits seem to be the national pasttime.
Lawsuits settle all the time.
Lawsuits suck ass.
Lawsuits take on lives of their own where costs frequently outweigh potential benefits.
Lawsuits take so much time, time that nobody with a special needs child really has.
Lawsuits take too long.
Lawsuits then become the vehicle for resolving differences.
Lawsuits typically run as long as five or six years.
Lawsuits typically take one to four years to get to trial.
Lawsuits often arise when supervisors are unfamiliar with employment law.
Lawsuits often drag on for years.
Lawsuits sometimes evolve in unexpected ways.
All lawsuits are eligible for post-judgment interest.
All lawsuits are the same, criminal and civil.
All lawsuits have to comply with procedures set out by the Texas Family Code.
Any lawsuit causes hardship for the defendant, even when the defendant ultimately prevails.
Many lawsuits arise from the destruction or loss of evidence.
Many lawsuits hang on just such questions.
Many lawsuits stem from improper hiring procedures.
More lawsuits are inevitable.
More lawsuits are likely to follow.
More lawsuits are likely.
More lawsuits are pending.
More lawsuits are sure to be on the way.
More lawsuits means more uninsured.
Most lawsuits are immoral and dishonorable.
Most lawsuits are the result of employees focusing on blame and employers focusing on justification.
Some lawsuits allege racial discrimination at the ballot box.
Some lawsuits also allege cultural genocide.
Some lawsuits are still pending.
Some lawsuits argue officials rejected negotiated settlements.
Some lawsuits continue with both record labels and artists.
A lawyer is a professional
Lawyer bashing is a great American pastime.
Lawyer bashing is therefore neither new nor restricted to insurers.
Lawyer like to wear a belt and suspenders.
Lawyer talk for a participant in a lawsuit.
Lawyer work with different people.
Lawyers accumulate frequent flyer points.
Lawyers acknowledge that the courts have never articulated a comparable doctrine for sentencing.
Lawyers act as an aristocratic class, tempering the negative effects of democracy.
Lawyers act as both advocates and advisors.
Lawyers act differently in the adversarial and inquisitorial systems.
Lawyers advise and represent a wide range of government agencies at the local and federal level.
Lawyers advise corporate clients to regularly monitor the Internet.
Lawyers advise on the latest key legal developments.
Lawyers agree that recently things seem to be clearing.
Lawyers already employ forensic accountants, say, or tax practitioners.
Lawyers already have a problem in terms of public perception regarding their profession.
Lawyers already know to take precautions for safety before filing anything.
Lawyers also are concerned about the future of the profession.
Lawyers also can seek reimbursement for overhead expenses.
Lawyers also charge extra for drafting the trust instrument.
Lawyers also come to meet with clients.
Lawyers also do it because other lawyers do it, and lawyers are consummate conformists.
Lawyers also get positive press by being quoted as experts on various legal issues in some stories.
Lawyers also have an occasion to directly challenge the evidence offered by the opposing side.
Lawyers also have duties to their other clients and former clients.
Lawyers also participate in chat groups or online discussion forums.
Lawyers also participate through other Bay Area legal programs.
Lawyers also perform a vital function in creating the law.
Lawyers also prepare legal documents their clients.
Lawyers also serve on the boards of numerous volunteer and charitable organizations.
Lawyers also spend a lot of time in creative categorisation.
Lawyers also use depositions to search for unknown information.
Lawyers also vary on how they bill - some do it monthly, others when the legal matter is wrapped up.
Lawyers analyse personal, business and social problems from a legal point of view.
Lawyers analyze personal, business, and social problems from a legal point of view.
Lawyers answer questions on subjects of general interest.
Lawyers appear in the planning commission's orbit in four distinct roles.
Lawyers appearing pro se advocate their own interests zealously.
Lawyers apply to be listed.
Lawyers approach a dispute through the application of rules and logic and impersonally.
Lawyers appropriately feel they, too, are entitled to life balance.
Lawyers are a blite on today's America.
Lawyers are a cost of democracy.
Lawyers are a dime a dozen in our society in the view of the public.
Lawyers are a dispensable item in an administrative compensation model, it is said.
Lawyers are a disputatious bunch by inclination.
Lawyers are a minority.
Lawyers are a necessary aspect of the divorce process.
Lawyers are a really sad lot.
Lawyers are a registered menace to society.
Lawyers are a vital part of the game.
Lawyers are about the only profession that acts as an effective watchdog against the bad doctor.
Lawyers are above common courtesy and human decency.
Lawyers are advocates of views popular and unpopular.
Lawyers are advocates.
Lawyers are all unscrupulous and doctors are all uncaring.
Lawyers are already great orators.
Lawyers are also deeply involved in college athletics.
Lawyers are also interpreters of laws and regulations.
Lawyers are also thick-skinned.
Lawyers are always concerned with the confidentiality.
Lawyers are among the great traditional heroes of America.
Lawyers are among the most reviled of our fellow citizens.
Lawyers are among the nation's top-paid professionals.
Lawyers are an expensive, though sometimes necessary, evil.
Lawyers are an important group, accustomed to dispassionately weighing arguments and evidence.
Lawyers are an integral part of the project.
Lawyers are another story.
Lawyers are apt to say that.
Lawyers are as crucial as clapperboards and cameras.
Lawyers are attuned to taking instructions and doing what they are told by clients.
Lawyers are available free of charge.
Lawyers are available to assist investors .
Lawyers are aware that the parties participate directly and actively in mediation.
Lawyers are basically wordsmiths.
Lawyers are big users of intellectual capital.
Lawyers are bigger than movie stars.
Lawyers are both production and management in the industrial sense.
Lawyers are bright people by definition, and they are responsive to positive motivation.
Lawyers are bright, intelligent and generally aggressive action-oriented people.
Lawyers are busy people.
Lawyers are busy, and their staffs are busy.
Lawyers are capitalistic and entrepreneurial.
Lawyers are certainly free to place a different value on different classes of services they provide.
Lawyers are certainly intelligent enough to surf the Internet.
Lawyers are close to settling most of the issues in that suit.
Lawyers are competitive animals who did well in school.
Lawyers are costly.
Lawyers are counselors, interviewers, defenders, proponents, negotiators, advocates, and much more.
Lawyers are critical to the process.
Lawyers are dead.
Lawyers are definitely the easiest.
Lawyers are different.
Lawyers are distinguishable in terms of whether they represent individuals or institutions.
Lawyers are divided and believe there is no legal precedent in Australia on which to act.
Lawyers are easiest.
Lawyers are e-mailing memos to the very people they are writing about.
Lawyers are enthusiastic, too.
Lawyers are essential to protecting business interests in litigation.
Lawyers are essential to the execution of the club's business.
Lawyers are ethically committed to providing advice when questioned by our clients.
Lawyers are everywhere in our lives.
Lawyers are everywhere, pressure is enormous.
Lawyers are everywhere.
Lawyers are excellent thinkers.
Lawyers are expensive.
Lawyers are extraordinarily unhappy or even impaired.
Lawyers are familiar with outlines.
Lawyers are far less forgiving than enemy solders.
Lawyers are few and vastly overworked.
Lawyers are fully billingual with offices throughout France.
Lawyers are funny that way.
Lawyers are generally pretty smart.
Lawyers are generous with their time and their funds.
Lawyers are good at what they do, and sometimes, they can work miracles.
Lawyers are good people, who want to help the average person.
Lawyers are great at arguing so they write a lot of comments.
Lawyers are great storytellers a good trial lawyer can captivate a jury through good storytelling.
Lawyers are great wordsmiths.
Lawyers are guardians of the law.
Lawyers are hard at work.
Lawyers are horrible.
Lawyers are hot film topics right now.
Lawyers are human and sometimes make a mistake.
Lawyers are human and, as such, experience human emotional problems.
Lawyers are human, and sometimes a lawyer makes a mistake.
Lawyers are human.
Lawyers are humans.
Lawyers are important in America.
Lawyers are in a position to challenge unjust laws and help to pass new ones.
Lawyers are in a unique position to identify unjust and outdated laws and to seek reforms.
Lawyers are in the catbird seat for the moment.
Lawyers are in the market for existing law practices for a number of reasons.
Lawyers are in the news and in our lives.
Lawyers are inclined to see law as a local profession.
Lawyers are increasingly important as borders are less so.
Lawyers are independent thinkers who like to go after new business on their own.
Lawyers are lawyers.
Lawyers are legal counselors.
Lawyers are legal professionals.
Lawyers are liars.
Lawyers are like beavers.
Lawyers are like mollusks.
Lawyers are located in courtrooms.
Lawyers are located in desks.
Lawyers are located in office buildings.
Lawyers are located in work.
Lawyers are lucky.
Lawyers are members of an ancient, disciplined, and elaborately - regulated profession of their own.
Lawyers are members of the judicial branch.
Lawyers are mercenaries.
Lawyers are more common.
Lawyers are more inclined to accept a contingency fee where large amounts are at stake.
Lawyers are more likely to have had a recent sigmoidoscopy than are doctors.
Lawyers are more plentiful.
Lawyers are more than warriors.
Lawyers are most likely to be used as 'hired gun' negotiators.
Lawyers are naturally afraid of the media.
Lawyers are naturally reluctant to inform on a fellow lawyer unless the facts are clear.
Lawyers are necessary.
Lawyers are no exception.
Lawyers are no less homophobic than the rest of society.
Lawyers are no more or less human than anyone else.
Lawyers are no worse than the people they represent.
Lawyers are notorious for changing sides or trying to bend the law to suit their arguments.
Lawyers are notoriously conservative and slow to adapt to change.
Lawyers are notoriously poor writers.
Lawyers are notoriously positivist as are most judges.
Lawyers are now busy with litigation surrounding superannuation.
Lawyers are now scavangers of the internet.
Lawyers are officers of a foreign court.
Lawyers are officers of the court as well as advisers to their clients.
Lawyers are officers of the court, called upon to aid in the administration of justice.
Lawyers are officers of the court.
Lawyers are often effective mediators in such situations.
Lawyers are often the butts of jokes.
Lawyers are often the punch line to jokes regarding professional ethics and honesty.
Lawyers are often the subject of uncomplimentary jokes.
Lawyers are often unwilling to take cases unless there's a clear probability of success.
Lawyers are on the case.
Lawyers are only concerned about their own income.
Lawyers are only spokespersons for their clients and nothing more.
Lawyers are opposed to mandatory pro bono.
Lawyers are optional in small claims court.
Lawyers are our allies as well as our adversaries, and they can be useful in decision-making.
Lawyers are our garden's weed, but needed by the innocent.
Lawyers are part of the social elite.
Lawyers are particularly sensitive about how their firm names are written.
Lawyers are people first and lawyers second.
Lawyers are people too.
Lawyers are people, too.
Lawyers are people.
Lawyers are persons and writers before they are lawyers.
Lawyers are practitioners who are involved in the legal profession.
Lawyers are predators in grey worsted'.
Lawyers are prickly, and merger partners often fall out on the way to the altar.
Lawyers are prime targets for expensive boutique software.
Lawyers are probably very happy.
Lawyers are professionals who attend to the legal affairs of their clients.
Lawyers are professionals.
Lawyers are pros at the revisionist game.
Lawyers are qualified to serve as court members.
Lawyers are quick to turn a deaf ear to criticisms and critiques of adversarialism.
Lawyers are rare in Rwanda.
Lawyers are really smart people.
Lawyers are responsible to execute their clients' cases in the most effective way possible.
Lawyers are risk analyzers.
Lawyers are safe from the threat of automation taking over their professions.
Lawyers are scummy.
Lawyers are so afraid to challenge sitting judges that few are ever challenged.
Lawyers are sometimes profane in speech, but they can also live profane lives.
Lawyers are sometimes the only resort of people who have suffered desperate injustices.
Lawyers are sometimes unavoidable.
Lawyers are storytellers.
Lawyers are stupid.
Lawyers are subject to discipline, including disbarment, for rule violations.
Lawyers are subject to quick reductions in compensation when billings are down.
Lawyers are such people.
Lawyers are sure to find discussion groups that focus on even the most specialized areas of law.
Lawyers are the administrators of justice, and the harvest of justice is peace.
Lawyers are the attack dogs of our adversarial system.
Lawyers are the community's bulwark against the powers of the state.
Lawyers are the custodians of the ideals of our society.
Lawyers are the easiest.
Lawyers are the enforcers of rights and responsibilities.
Lawyers are the great enforcers in our society.
Lawyers are the most reliable source of legal information.
Lawyers are the only ones who do it.
Lawyers are the only ones who stand between accountability and the loss of rights and remedies.
Lawyers are the only people who win the lottery and complain about the taxes.
Lawyers are the people mainly responsible for rewarding stupidity.
Lawyers are the presenters of the evidence.
Lawyers are the priesthood in America today, and federal judges the High Priests.
Lawyers are the professionals who are licensed, trained and in the business of drafting contracts.
Lawyers are the proper people to control government because that is their training.
Lawyers are the scum of society and have ruined America.
Lawyers are the sentinels for individuals against government oppression and corporate oppression.
Lawyers are the slowest technology adopters on the planet.
Lawyers are there because the legal community is integrally tied to a lot of our economic sectors.
Lawyers are there to solve problems.
Lawyers are three times more likely to suffer from depression than any other professionals.
Lawyers are to clients like women are to men.
Lawyers are to protect the rights of the minority and advocate the positions of the majority.
Lawyers are too busy to learn how to speed up their efficiency.
Lawyers are too far removed from their clients.
Lawyers are truly the technicians of democracy.
Lawyers are typically long on substantive systems and short on management systems.
Lawyers are under pressure to win their lawsuits.
Lawyers are uniquely qualified to evaluate their counterparts who are judicial candidates.
Lawyers are unnecessary because there are so few laws. .
Lawyers are unnecessary because there are so few laws.
Lawyers are usually afraid of partnerships.
Lawyers are usually the last to know about the breach.
Lawyers are very bad at getting out and selling.
Lawyers are very careful with language.
Lawyers are very good at keeping track of their valuable time.
Lawyers are very good at picking out potential problems in a written agreement.
Lawyers are very marketable to non-profits because of the same skills mentioned above.
Lawyers are well known for confusing facts, and educators are catching on fast.
Lawyers are whores.
Lawyers are word-mongers and recognize the great writers as the masters of the game.
Lawyers are writers first and foremost.
Lawyers are, no doubt, hugely excited by the new findings.
Lawyers are, no surprise, cashing in too.
Lawyers are, of course, a relatively select group, even in America, even now.
Lawyers are, too.
Lawyers argue about the proper term based on the facts of the particular case.
Lawyers argue about the terms and details.
Lawyers argue among themselves, and courts with courts, about what constitutes joint employment.
Lawyers argue cases using complicated lines of reasoning.
Lawyers argue from precedent.
Lawyers argue on merit of prior case in the district court.
Lawyers argue that government is about laws and that is their training.
Lawyers argue that it is unfair to clients to change lawyers.
Lawyers assume no such right, however.
Lawyers assume the truthfulness of information from our clients.
Lawyers assure that the law is upheld.
Lawyers attend clients at court, police stations and gaols.
Lawyers barely have enough light to tote up billable hours.
Lawyers become an organized, focused and strategic force to be reckoned with.
Lawyers become involved in a variety of matters that match their personal interests.
Lawyers become judges.
Lawyers become members of the bar, engineers are registered, doctors are board certified, etc.
Lawyers beg to differ.
Lawyers begin filing class action suits in dozens of states instead.
Lawyers believe that bits are easier to tamper with than paper.
Lawyers believe, as an article of faith, that jurors award more money than do judges.
Lawyers belong on the Internet.
Lawyers best serve the public by serving their clients, one at a time.
Lawyers bid or request further info and the client accepts a bid or requests further info.
Lawyers bill their time hourly.
Lawyers blame the government for attempting to impose certain candidates on the syndicate council.
Lawyers blast out e-mail queries and dial the phones with questions.
Lawyers breed faster.
Lawyers bring benefits to clients by helping in legal matters.
Lawyers call it a blow to reparations movement.
Lawyers call it a hostile work environment.
Lawyers call such acts waste .
Lawyers can access a wealth of information with the touch of a finger.
Lawyers can advertise, as they can in Massachusetts.
Lawyers can also learn a lot by coaching a self-represented person through a judicial procedure.
Lawyers can also make class action suits more easily.
Lawyers can also provide creative solutions to problems.
Lawyers can answer questions in English, French, German, Dutch, Italian, Spanish, Greek and Swedish.
Lawyers can argue their point very well and for a long period of time.
Lawyers can avoid risk in several ways.
Lawyers can be attorneys.
Lawyers can be effective, but they're expensive.
Lawyers can be excellent lawyers but be lousy businessmen.
Lawyers can be guarantors of due process and nondiscrimination.
Lawyers can be helpful, however, to consult with before and after the mediation.
Lawyers can be part of the problem.
Lawyers can be present or consulted at any time.
Lawyers can be that way.
Lawyers can become a part of the process, or stand like deer in the headlights.
Lawyers can become involved in a variety of LRE activities.
Lawyers can borrow money from clients.
Lawyers can check with their state bar associations for more workshops and seminars.
Lawyers can do that in many ways.
Lawyers can do their research via online law libraries instead of using paper-based books.
Lawyers can end up with seventy cents out of every dollar awarded to their clients.
Lawyers can expect to be sued an average of three times during their careers.
Lawyers can find cases, statutes and similar materials on the Internet.
Lawyers can further the fight, sometimes on purpose, sometimes accidentally.
Lawyers can get more and better coverage by the media.
Lawyers can give a legal opinion and suggest how legislation can be changed.
Lawyers can help the business owners with various techniques to carry out their decisions.
Lawyers can help with state boards.
Lawyers can join the lawyers committee.
Lawyers can make the transition to the Web, and some have done so very successfully.
Lawyers can make twice that much, or more, from paying clients.
Lawyers can move on to become judges, professors, politicians, or business people.
Lawyers can now maximize the benefits of electronic mail, while minimzing the risks.
Lawyers can offer legal services.
Lawyers can only do so much.
Lawyers can post their home pages.
Lawyers can potentially benefit by tapping into the latent legal market.
Lawyers can print out an analysis of juror responses, answer questions and ask follow-up questions.
Lawyers can protect themselves by studying the three R's-risk, resolution, and reality.
Lawyers can receive five hours of continuing legal education credit.
Lawyers can represent parties at both mediation and a tribunal hearing.
Lawyers can review fresh oral testimony during breaks or over lunch.
Lawyers can save hundreds of dollars by obtaining their credits online.
Lawyers can screw up a web site more effectively, more thoroughly than any other handler.
Lawyers can select a hybrid service that e-mails relevant information directly to their desktops.
Lawyers can set themselves up as adoption provider.
Lawyers can sometimes help to resolve disputes.
Lawyers can specialize in litigation, or handling legal problems for individuals and corporations.
Lawyers can take depositions and prepare preliminary trial work without expensive travel.
Lawyers can then provide advice and put their agreement in a more detailed and formal document.
Lawyers can then read the document and edit fields in the database.
Lawyers can then search and view the information.
Lawyers can work within or for humane organizations, for individual people, for individual animals.
Lawyers capitalize on the jury factor.
Lawyers carry no more settlement authority than they are given by their clients.
Lawyers certainly know the value of protecting their interests.
Lawyers charge a percentage of the estate for probate.
Lawyers charge clients in various ways.
Lawyers charge different amounts.
Lawyers charge for phone calls.
Lawyers charge on the basis of time.
Lawyers choose to practice in a particular format for a reason.
Lawyers cite legislative materials tersely.
Lawyers claim that the companies failed to warn doctors of the risk of dependency .
Lawyers claim to exist in America from the birth of our nation.
Lawyers come from a different culture from most fans.
Lawyers come in all shapes and sizes.
Lawyers come in all shapes, sizes, colors, ages and genders.
Lawyers come in all variations.
Lawyers come to school weekly to teach the students about the law and the courtroom.
Lawyers commonly report divorcing their moral lives from their professional lives.
Lawyers communicate with each other.
Lawyers concentrate on winning to bolster their careers.
Lawyers concerned with animal issues say civil rights and environmental lawyers faced ridicule, too.
Lawyers conduct legal research, prosecute, and defend court cases and military personnel.
Lawyers contemplating change are in good company.
Lawyers contend that insufficient levels of chlorine existed in the pool to kill the bacteria.
Lawyers continue to advise both buyers and sellers on the real estate contracts.
Lawyers continue to argue over the fate of the remaining animals, which show no sign of illness.
Lawyers contribute back to their communities.
Lawyers control forms development process.
Lawyers cope with sleep deprivation, law office economics, biological clocks and taxes.
Lawyers cost lots of money, and they use up lots of paper.
Lawyers cost money.
Lawyers customarily try to obtain answers to interrogatories before they hold depositions.
Lawyers deal with such conflicts all the time.
Lawyers decide upon charges and witnesses.
Lawyers deliver the stars.
Lawyers depend on databases to research cases and modems to file briefs.
Lawyers describe feeling more confident and articulate during courtroom hearings.
Lawyers develop expertise in specific legal areas.
Lawyers differ in their interpretations.
Lawyers disagree Lawyers for the paper companies say that isn t so.
Lawyers discuss Federal public contract law.
Lawyers discuss legal liability and insurance issues.
Lawyers discuss rights and responsibilities of management and women employees.
Lawyers discuss their work to protect rainforests in Brazil and the forests of Chile.
Lawyers do a lot of negotiations in the business world.
Lawyers do a lot of research.
Lawyers do controversial things.
Lawyers do enjoy each other.
Lawyers do exact a huge, and often hugely unconscionable, tax on death.
Lawyers do indeed totally dominate one branch of government-the American judicial system.
Lawyers do it all the time.
Lawyers do it confidentially.
Lawyers do it in briefs.
Lawyers do it in their briefs.
Lawyers do it on a trial basis.
Lawyers do it until justice prevails.
Lawyers do it with appeal.
Lawyers do make the best motions.
Lawyers do more than dispense legal information.
Lawyers do nothing but lie.
Lawyers do specialize, so matching the client's needs with the lawyer's qualifications is important.
Lawyers doing good work at reasonable prices is good for just about everyone.
Lawyers dominate many of the state legislative bodies throughout the nation.
Lawyers dominate our government.
Lawyers don t always confine their differences to the courtroom.
Lawyers don t tan, they just appeal.
Lawyers dream of escaping, preferably with the money.
Lawyers drink far more than ballplayers.
Lawyers earn enormous sums of money stirring and churning the fires of divorce.
Lawyers earn more from problems than solutions.
Lawyers emerge from the slime.
Lawyers encourage claimants to sign.
Lawyers encourage it.
Lawyers even hire lawyers to handle personal legal problems.
Lawyers even seek to eliminate the jury as the final arbiter.
Lawyers everywhere rejoice.
Lawyers excel at solving problems, but in conventional litigation they pull in opposite directions.
Lawyers exercise many skills and work in a wide variety of environments.
Lawyers expect jury selection to take most of the first week.
Lawyers expect significant and even dramatic changes in the legal profession in the next decade.
Lawyers expect the court to combine the suits.
Lawyers explain there are no real winners in court.
Lawyers exploit their paralegals.
Lawyers face different ethics standards, such as confidentiality.
Lawyers face other obstacles which they are virtually powerless to remove.
Lawyers face the bar examination.
Lawyers fighting to stop random drug testing and police checkpoints say yes.
Lawyers figure out better contractual arrangements between producers, transporters, and wholesalers.
Lawyers filter in and out of the courtroom.
Lawyers Find and contact lawyers by name, practice area, location and keyword.
Lawyers find that compulsive computer use can be a major factor in divorce.
Lawyers find themselves using literal legalities to, in a sense, evade the justice of the situation.
Lawyers flying in formation usually have diverse styles.
Lawyers follow a somewhat similar pattern of inference.
Lawyers follow the herds around, arguing about who owns the droppings.
Lawyers generally charge by the hour.
Lawyers generally describe themselves by the area of law in which they do business.
Lawyers generally disagree.
Lawyers generally do their masters' bidding.
Lawyers generally have problems in doing the right thing in deposition.
Lawyers generally receive referral fees when they send clients to one another.
Lawyers generally require a substantial deposit or retainer at the beginning of the case.
Lawyers generate reams of words while performing the duties inherent in being an attorney.
Lawyers get a lot of time to plan their cases out before a trial.
Lawyers get all the breaks.
Lawyers get calls from people who've had two or three attorneys in one case.
Lawyers get fat.
Lawyers get into the act as legal advisers to the parties or mediators.
Lawyers get most of the rest.
Lawyers get rich while disabled workers live in poverty.
Lawyers get to show their stuff more often and widely than tycoons.
Lawyers give advice expert advice, but advice nonetheless.
Lawyers give advice more quickly on contracts they understand.
Lawyers give people advice about their legal rights and duties and represent people in court.
Lawyers give poor people the means to participate.
Lawyers go nuts over footnotes.
Lawyers go on humility binges.
Lawyers go to law schools and doctors go to medical schools.
Lawyers go where the money is.
Lawyers grab their briefcases and files.
Lawyers handle divorce cases a couple of different ways.
Lawyers handle only a few small claims cases.
Lawyers hastily retreat from courtroom.
Lawyers hate criminal charges and jails even worse than malpractice.
Lawyers hate surprises during battle.
Lawyers have a choice of working in the government and private sectors, commerce and industry.
Lawyers have a completely different concept of morality than the average person.
Lawyers have a duty of zealous representation to their clients, even clients who hold bigoted views.
Lawyers have a duty to collect attorneys' fees.
Lawyers have a duty to serve the poor . . . and judges have a duty to see that they do.
Lawyers have a field day with discrepancies when they get a witness on the stand.
Lawyers have a funny way of reading contracts.
Lawyers have a good generalist background.
Lawyers have a high mission as indeed they are indispensable for the administration of justice.
Lawyers have a limited number of peremptory challenges, typically ten or twelve.
Lawyers have a professional responsibility to provide pro bono legal services.
Lawyers have a responsibility demanding undivided loyalty and fidelity to their clients.
Lawyers have a restricted and defined profession governed by the business and professions code.
Lawyers have a right to be paid for the work they do.
Lawyers have a right to object when they believe something is improper.
Lawyers have a similar obligation with respect to judicial misconduct.
Lawyers have a tendency to overstate their positions.
Lawyers have a unique knowledge of the law and the science of jurisprudence.
Lawyers have a unique opportunity to fulfill our role as guardians of the rule of law.
Lawyers have a virtual monopoly on access to the legal system.
Lawyers have a way of moving marriage toward divorce.
Lawyers have all kinds of reasons to be out of the office, and everyone lives with that.
Lawyers have an ethical and legal commitment to check the status of their cases.
Lawyers have an ethical duty to advance the cause of the client.
Lawyers have an ethical duty to protect the confidences and secrets of their clients.
Lawyers have an important role to play in buying and selling of domain names.
Lawyers have an interest in laws.
Lawyers have an obligation to act in good faith and stand by the evidence they present.
Lawyers have an obligation to make the public aware of what's happening in court.
Lawyers have big student loan debts to pay off, they have office rent and staff to pay.
Lawyers have coaches.
Lawyers have degrees and judges have credentials.
Lawyers have different ways of calculating their fees.
Lawyers have different ways of working with clients and different levels of ability and experience.
Lawyers have enormous opportunities to be peacemakers, if guided or goaded.
Lawyers have every reason to lead the way.
Lawyers have hourly rates which are applied to the time spent to arrive at a fee.
Lawyers have little time and get little recognition for much of their pro bono work.
Lawyers have many other duties to protect the interests of their clients.
Lawyers have no exclusive right to appear before nonadjudicative bodies, as they do before a court.
Lawyers have no obligation to the public.
Lawyers have no or very little psychology or sociology.
Lawyers have no special status.
Lawyers have one.
Lawyers have other concerns about the two men.
Lawyers have paralegals.
Lawyers have real power.
Lawyers have removable wing tips.
Lawyers have responsibility, law students have responsibility, and law schools have responsibility.
Lawyers have special talents, and therefore special obligations.
Lawyers have such a hard life sometimes.
Lawyers have the other eleven.
Lawyers have the power to shut people up.
Lawyers have their personal views on such issues and represent diverse interests in the community.
Lawyers have their writs, torts, and depositions.
Lawyers have things that are confidential.
Lawyers have to be aggressive today.
Lawyers have to be better.
Lawyers have to be tough.
Lawyers have to catch up and assume our role in the digital frontier.
Lawyers have to discharge their duty with dignity, decorum and discipline.
Lawyers have to do the right thing by the courts and by their clients.
Lawyers have to eat and pay mortgages like anyone else.
Lawyers have to face the fact that consumers demand more information before they buy services.
Lawyers have to follow general developments.
Lawyers have to help teach children that guns really do kill people.
Lawyers have to learn to do the same.
Lawyers have to pass the bar once.
Lawyers have to prove that they have mastered law by passing bar exams.
Lawyers have to work hard to be successful.
Lawyers have trouble interpreting it.
Lawyers have two major roles.
Lawyers hear many sad tales that begin when the kids take over.
Lawyers help clients get all the money they are entitled to after an accident.
Lawyers help clients with estate planning, business negotiations, strategies and transactions.
Lawyers help their clients resolve problems and issues.
Lawyers help to defuse social tensions and to confront arbitrary government.
Lawyers hiring other lawyers like to hire people they know.
Lawyers hold impromptu meetings with clients.
Lawyers instinctively take the measure of witnesses.
Lawyers invest heavily in being prepared.
Lawyers involved in the case expect a ruling any time.
Lawyers involved in the process are also interested parties.
Lawyers judge law schools on different and perhaps more practical standards than academicians.
Lawyers know more about the law than cops do.
Lawyers know our reputation and our record of success.
Lawyers know outlandish lawsuits.
Lawyers know such distinctions.
Lawyers know that what local legal services programs really provide is hope, dignity and compassion.
Lawyers know that willful disregard of a known danger can be construed as an act of negligence.
Lawyers know that, and they teach it.
Lawyers know that.
Lawyers know the answer is no.
Lawyers know the law varies according to the case.
Lawyers know the law.
Lawyers know the truth.
Lawyers know there are other ways to ensure a fair trial.
Lawyers know they have an ethical duty to communicate.
Lawyers lack the usual legal headlights to guide their role.
Lawyers lawyering always sound pompous.
Lawyers leading the negligence suits deny they're on a vendatta.
Lawyers learn their lesson, or they find another line of work.
Lawyers leave their longtime partners in search of greater profits.
Lawyers like to litigate and win cases.
Lawyers list the areas of law of their choice.
Lawyers listed here are qualified TitlePLUS lawyers.
Lawyers loathe legal uncertainty.
Lawyers look at the law, look at the facts, and apply the law to the facts.
Lawyers look for loop holes.
Lawyers look out the window and realize the audience for their services is nearly unlimited.
Lawyers look to the ABA for direction.
Lawyers love a good divorce.
Lawyers love 'em.
Lawyers love exceptions.
Lawyers love it because it cuts cost and effort.
Lawyers love it because it is great for business.
Lawyers love it.
Lawyers love laws, especially silly, long, vaguely-worded ones.
Lawyers love order above all, and as a result they are conservative and supportive of authority.
Lawyers love outlines and there s been a perceived lack of quality outlining software.
Lawyers love telling clients to be very careful.
Lawyers love the limelight.
Lawyers love to fend off the competition by hiding behind unauthorized practice of law restrictions.
Lawyers love to make proposals and defend positions.
Lawyers love to write long, long letters citing laws, precedents, etc., etc.
Lawyers love victims because they are very profitable.
Lawyers love words.
Lawyers mail out a letter and the hosting company pulls the plug on the site.
Lawyers maintain that their rates include care for the child while the adoption is being processed.
Lawyers make arguments, judges rule on the law, and it all happens in full public view.
Lawyers make excellent servants but terrible masters in a dispute .
Lawyers make lots of mistakes.
Lawyers make many errors, as do practitioners in all fields of human endeavor.
Lawyers make millions, many times they switch to family law to keep their law practice going.
Lawyers make more money when there is conflict and anger.
Lawyers make their living by helping people to resolve legal problems.
Lawyers make unbelievable excuses for their clients who are charged with crimes.
Lawyers mostly bill by time or flat fee.
Lawyers move as freely as professional athletes.
Lawyers negotiate all the time, no matter what their specialty.
Lawyers negotiate treaties and trade agreements.
Lawyers never seem interested in motivation, just the letter of the law.
Lawyers never subpoena a penis.
Lawyers normally attend settlement conferences with judges.
Lawyers normally request retainer fees from clients to assure payment.
Lawyers now comprise nearly half of the legislative and executive offices in America.
Lawyers now enjoy free access to a substantial body of freely published law.
Lawyers now pick the jurors according to their willingness to follow orders.
Lawyers now understand that marketing is integral to building practices.
Lawyers occupy a special position of trust in our legal system.
Lawyers only bring one perspective to the table.
Lawyers ostensibly run for elective office as 'representatives of the people'.
Lawyers pay a fee to be listed here.
Lawyers pay fees to maintain such funds.
Lawyers pay fees to receive referrals of cases.
Lawyers Perfect for the courtroom or meetings.
Lawyers perform many roles including advocate, mediator and social planner.
Lawyers play a vital role in the preservation of our democratic freedoms.
Lawyers play a vital role in the preservation of our society.
Lawyers play a vital role in the preservation of society.
Lawyers play an essential role in the evolution and application of the law.
Lawyers play an important role in assuring the integrity of the mediation process.
Lawyers play an important role in improving product safety.
Lawyers play an important role in mediation.
Lawyers play an integral role in the political process.
Lawyers play multiple roles in the environment.
Lawyers ply their trade in a remarkable array of practice settings.
Lawyers point out that Brazil's delicate system of checks and balances is something to be cherished.
Lawyers point to increased job mobility as the principal force driving the use of non-competes.
Lawyers practice there, too, and they make multiples of the income law partners make.
Lawyers prepare and present opening and closing statements.
Lawyers prevent, manage, and resolve disputes.
Lawyers produce letters, memos court documents and agreements.
Lawyers profit inordinately from class actions.
Lawyers protect each other inside the closely monitored, secret and clandestine society.
Lawyers provide counter arguments for affirmative action programs.
Lawyers provide free legal advice to help people define their legal problems.
Lawyers provide pro bono legal services to the disadvantaged and to public service agencies.
Lawyers raise church practices.
Lawyers raise their fees.
Lawyers read big verdicts as symbols that jurors can get angry about a certain thing.
Lawyers really have the capacity to do a lot of good things.
Lawyers regularly advise their clients to take advantage of limited liability vehicles.
Lawyers rely upon the power of the judicial system to control access to the privileges of lawyers.
Lawyers reorganize the information.
Lawyers repeatedly remind company officials and scientists about ongoing lawsuits.
Lawyers report being frequently denied access to prisoners.
Lawyers report their practices are more profitable and enjoyable.
Lawyers report waiting long periods for rulings on contested motions.
Lawyers represent businesses in corporate transactions, complex ligitation and regulatory matters.
Lawyers represent clients in the courtroom.
Lawyers represent controversial people.
Lawyers represent only one aspect of civic life.
Lawyers represent people's pardon applications.
Lawyers represent real people in real professions.
Lawyers represent the most dangerous group of people in America.
Lawyers representing clients in mediation are more likely to be paid their full fee.
Lawyers representing plaintiffs in airline cases face a variety of difficult issues.
Lawyers representing the company often discourage it for fear of lawsuits from consumers.
Lawyers representing the men say the incident was nothing more than a bar fight.
Lawyers representing the poor against the powerful are targets for arrest and assassination.
Lawyers require ongoing education to stay current with legal issues.
Lawyers resent the ever-tightening legislative screws that regulate their services and their fees.
Lawyers resolve disputes, facilitate commerce, and promote the public good.
Lawyers rest their argument on what's legal rather than what's right or wrong, unfair or equitable.
Lawyers rip into people's lives with backhoes.
Lawyers routinely expect judges to follow precedent and issue rulings in two parts on the same day.
Lawyers routinely proofread their dictation.
Lawyers routinely share computer files with their clients and other lawyers.
Lawyers rule the world.
Lawyers run a business and are no longer an association of gentlemen who practise law.
Lawyers run into ethics roadblocks.
Lawyers run the show.
Lawyers say it is overly broad, improperly adopted and contradicts state law.
Lawyers say only bad homes are sued in bad cases.
Lawyers say that a majority of people arrested under the law is opposition activists.
Lawyers say that the court system is always prone to inertia unless someone pushes cases through it.
Lawyers say that the higher the stakes, the more determined the approaches to justices.
Lawyers say the insurance problems are due to the lack of quality care.
Lawyers say the law is unclear as to the basis for restitution - revenues or profits.
Lawyers say the manufacturers never properly instructed workers on how to apply the exterior finish.
Lawyers say the reason is that the cases often cost more money to pursue than they yield in damages.
Lawyers say the referee acted ultra vires.
Lawyers say the Regulation and Investigatory Powers Act conflicts with the Data Protection Act.
Lawyers say they expect the judge to rule within about two weeks.
Lawyers say they have seen an increase in religious discrimination suits.
Lawyers say they too are strongly result-focused.
Lawyers see a goldmine with the relative permanency of electronic information.
Lawyers See a Threat .
Lawyers see it as a profession.
Lawyers see it from the same perspective.
Lawyers see most things in shades of grey.
Lawyers see the world from their own frame of reference.
Lawyers seek closure for their clients.
Lawyers seem to be great advocates of service agreements.
Lawyers seem to do well even as in-house counsels.
Lawyers sell legal services to clients who purchase legal services.
Lawyers serve as advocates for their clients on an everyday basis.
Lawyers serve clients by applying their knowledge of the law to help clients attain their goals.
Lawyers serve in various capacities depending on context.
Lawyers show the title.
Lawyers sit at desks in front of the clerk and facing the bench.
Lawyers smell more brown.
Lawyers solve problems in the real world.
Lawyers speak a different language.
Lawyers speak in the office, on the street, in the hallway of the courthouse, and on the phone.
Lawyers speak on their behalf.
Lawyers spend a great deal of their time shoveling smoke.
Lawyers spend most of their time giving legal advice and explaining compliance rules.
Lawyers spend much of their professional time writing briefs.
Lawyers spend their whole lives working with words.
Lawyers spend years perfecting their techniques in presenting evidence effectively.
Lawyers spoil everything.
Lawyers still represent clients, and judges still preside over the resolution of disputes.
Lawyers study and practice law, which, for the most part, involves statutory law.
Lawyers support our bankruptcy law, because it produces exorbitant legal fees.
Lawyers take classes about billing and running their practice.
Lawyers take instructions from a long procession of clients under the the court verandah.
Lawyers take note.
Lawyers take pride in zealous advocacy.
Lawyers talk about the law and the legal process every day.
Lawyers talk about the rights of people who have served their sentence.
Lawyers talk mostly to other lawyers.
Lawyers teach each other.
Lawyers tell stories.
Lawyers tell their clients how to testify in court frequently in real life and in film.
Lawyers tend to be most comfortable when the discussion focuses on the law.
Lawyers tend to configure their names in the most pompous way imaginable.
Lawyers tend to deal primarily with only certain aspects of a legal dispute.
Lawyers tend to focus on what they do while effective business writing addresses clients' needs.
Lawyers tend to give their work to associates they feel comfortable with.
Lawyers tend to litigate, mediators tend to mediate, warriors tend to wage war.
Lawyers tend to look backward in time, and reflexively seek damages for past legal wrongs.
Lawyers tend to view the frequency similar to a piece of real estate.
Lawyers tend to want to hold information back.
Lawyers tend to work very long hours in an adversarial atmosphere that breeds hostility.
Lawyers there can expect to work a variety of hours depending on the firms.
Lawyers think that anything is better than staying in jail.
Lawyers think that they are playing.
Lawyers think the same way.
Lawyers think their privilege is to waste the jurors' time.
Lawyers thrive on big government and Byzantine webs of legislation.
Lawyers thrive on conflict and litigation.
Lawyers thrive on difficult tasks and complicated problems.
Lawyers thrive on references.
Lawyers thus have immense opportunity to do wrong.
Lawyers touch and concern everything that is important to our country.
Lawyers train each other in the process through professional meetings and a quarterly journal.
Lawyers truly do care about the profession and the public.
Lawyers try stupid cases.
Lawyers try to get their opponent to change their minds.
Lawyers try to make simple things complicated.
Lawyers try to remember that they are fighting a war and that no one battle is worth losing the war.
Lawyers typically become eligible for partnerships after seven or eight years in the profession.
Lawyers typically charge at least four times that from paying clients.
Lawyers typically do criminal background checks on prospective jurors.
Lawyers typically take a third of any award.
Lawyers undergo a lengthy period of training to understand and interpret the law.
Lawyers understand corrupt legal practices.
Lawyers understand that preliminary questions of potential jurors have legal consequences.
Lawyers understand that the supreme law of the land is the Constitution.
Lawyers understand the belt and suspenders approach.
Lawyers understand what is going on.
Lawyers understand, and high school teachers are learning about the importance of professionalism.
Lawyers undertake processing and pursuing cases with the competent authorities.
Lawyers use discovery periods in lawsuits to expose the identities of anonymous chatters.
Lawyers use experts to explain the science to juries.
Lawyers use fancy language to mark the difference.
Lawyers use information from documents over and over again.
Lawyers use it in court.
Lawyers use it to prepare contracts, dictate court notes and manage legal paperwork.
Lawyers use it to prepare contracts, dictate court notes, and manage legal paperwork.
Lawyers use law books, supplies, and equipment, which books, etc., are taxable.
Lawyers use precedents by analogizing current situation to previous cases.
Lawyers use rules for guides of their behavior.
Lawyers use the commute as billable time.
Lawyers use their education, talent and creativity to solve problems for clients.
Lawyers use West's pagination system to refer to past cases.
Lawyers use whatever works.
Lawyers use words to build their cases, for instance.
Lawyers value their good reputation.
Lawyers value their time to an unbelievable degree.
Lawyers vary in the kinds of legal questions they handle.
Lawyers view it as a wide open field for predatory class-action litigation.
Lawyers volunteer their skills, and more negotiable largesse, to charitable causes.
Lawyers volunteer to assist students as team advisors, scorekeepers and regional coordinators.
Lawyers watch other lawyers steal, lawyers watch other lawyers lie all the time.
Lawyers watch their words.
Lawyers wear out their treads skittering from courtroom to courtroom.
Lawyers win huge settlements and take in millions for themselves.
Lawyers work as managers and administrators in many different fields.
Lawyers work for clients who feel they've been wronged.
Lawyers work hard to make their clients be tried at criminal courts rather than DGMs.
Lawyers work in a law firms, for the government, for companies, or by themselves.
Lawyers work in a marketplace of values as all businessmen do.
Lawyers work in a variety of settings, providing a vast array of services to consumers.
Lawyers work in different settings.
Lawyers work is very serious business.
Lawyers work long, often stressful hours.
Lawyers work mostly in offices.
Lawyers work on an independent contractor basis.
Lawyers work with agents in deal-making.
Lawyers working on the case say prison officials routinely use tear gas and pepper spray on inmates.
Lawyers working out of wooden cabins are miserable and complain that clients are staying away.
Lawyers working with protestors charge the heavy presence is counterproductive.
Lawyers writing intimidating letters is nothing new.
Lawyers always do extreme things.
Lawyers always give out information, opinions and advice in public forums.
Lawyers always lie.
Lawyers always represent the utility company.
Lawyers frequently expand their case law research using a case finding tool called a digest.
Lawyers frequently speak in front of people, including juries.
Lawyers frequently top the list of professionals who have problems with alcohol and depression.
Lawyers frequently use secondary sources to get references to case law.
Lawyers frequently worry about creating presentations which are too slick.
Lawyers often advise their clients to pay gifts to judges in order to secure a favorable verdict.
Lawyers often are ill-prepared to challenge misleading scientific assertions.
Lawyers often ask confusing questions.
Lawyers often comment that good cases make bad law.
Lawyers often discount fees before sending the bill, to avoid confrontation with the client.
Lawyers often do some work for good causes without charging a fee.
Lawyers often file class action suits on behalf of many plaintiffs vs manufacturers.
Lawyers often find that the very cost of mediation and arbitration is becoming prohibitive.
Lawyers often give investment advice to their clients or invest funds for their clients.
Lawyers often have trouble because of unreasonable clients.
Lawyers often hold funds in trust or escrow for their clients.
Lawyers often manage to delay court proceedings and thereby gain acquittals.
Lawyers often order thermographed lettering mistaking it for engraving.
Lawyers often oversee the work of support staff, such as paralegals and legal assistants .
Lawyers often pay a service fee to have their names listed with the referral service.
Lawyers often provide prosecutors with legal assistance to make such prosecutions stick.
Lawyers often refer clients to other lawyers who are better able to serve their clients.
Lawyers often seek to minimise or avoid risk, to leave no stone unturned.
Lawyers often serve as legislators or as holders of other public offices.
Lawyers often serve in important private and public policy-making positions.
Lawyers often think of technology in too narrow a frame.
Lawyers often try to settle the case before it goes to court.
Lawyers often work long hours.
Lawyers sometimes ask questions in a funny way.
Lawyers sometimes infuse an apparent disinclination to accept risk.
Lawyers sometimes request an advance fee and draw from it as work is done.
Lawyers sometimes tell the truth - they'll do anything to win a case.
Lawyers usually charge by the hour.
Lawyers usually make their money through hourly fees.
All lawyers are members of one profession subject in each jurisdiction to the law governing lawyers.
All lawyers are officers of the court.
All lawyers are subject to post-contractural review of their fee arrangements.
All lawyers are welcome to attend.
All lawyers are.
All lawyers deal with the troubles and problems of their clients.
All lawyers do it.
All lawyers have a duty to represent their clients with vigor and in an adversarial fashion.
All lawyers have a responsibility to assist in providing pro bono public service.
All lawyers have a responsibility to assist in providing pro bono publico service.
All lawyers have substantial practical experience.
All lawyers is no good.
All lawyers know the way to increase their pay is to get to the courtroom first.
All lawyers licensed in Texas are members of the State Bar.
All lawyers lie.
All lawyers ought to have basic net literacy.
All lawyers reside in Managua.
All lawyers share responsibility for the way the public views the legal profession.
All lawyers share responsibility to make our faculties, courts and law practices truly accessible.
All lawyers use tools as an aid to thinking.
Any lawyer can become a member.
Any lawyer can write that up.
Any lawyer is a big one whose practise is worth fifty thousand dollars a year.
Any lawyer is required.
Any lawyer knows that.
Any lawyers lookin for a pro-bono case.
Every lawyer also needs to know about the following areas.
Every lawyer can improve.
Every lawyer does it.
Every lawyer has alumni potential.
Every lawyer has new ways to communicate, new productivity enhancements, new business models.
Every lawyer has some find of system for dealing with ongoing matters and dormant or closed matters.
Every lawyer involved with the case can ask questions of the witness, just like at trial.
Every lawyer is a steward of that noble tradition.
Every lawyer is concerned about programs, publications member benefits andMembership.
Every lawyer is educated, bright and does good work.
Every lawyer is familiar with key number legal research using the time honored West manual system.
Every lawyer is familiar with that fact.
Every lawyer is familiar with the problem.
Every lawyer is responsible for observance of the Rules of Professional Conduct.
Every lawyer knows how elusive justice is, and that it often competes with other values.
Every lawyer knows how important it is to control the flow of information in litigation.
Every lawyer knows that only too well.
Every lawyer knows that there is always a chance of anything happening.
Every lawyer leaves the practice because of some dissatisfaction with the firm.
Every lawyer loves the client who pays timely.
Every lawyer manages a practice.
Every lawyer needs a computer.
Every lawyer needs to know something about insurance.
Every lawyer needs to learn marketing.
Every lawyer prosecuting patents also has experience in patent litigation.
Every lawyer says it.
Many lawyers advise sellers to update disclosure at closing for their own protection.
Many lawyers advise that policy mapping can only be done when the policies are legally equivalent.
Many lawyers agree and lay the blame on their clients.
Many lawyers also have it in their office.
Many lawyers are almost impossible to contact.
Many lawyers are also disappointed and dissatisfied with their own professional lives, as well.
Many lawyers are also politicians, politicians make the laws.
Many lawyers are facilitators.
Many lawyers are general practitioners who can handle a wide variety of cases.
Many lawyers are general practitioners.
Many lawyers are incompetent.
Many lawyers are more comfortable with arbitration than with mediation as a trial substitute.
Many lawyers are unhappy with their chosen field.
Many lawyers are willing to accept lower financial rewards for a higher quality of personal life.
Many lawyers are, however, unfamiliar with the sources for researching ethics issues.
Many lawyers become bankers.
Many lawyers believe that in-house practice means fewer hours in the office.
Many lawyers believe that tech training is, quite literally, a waste of time.
Many lawyers believe they excel at writing.
Many lawyers belong to the ABA to network with attorneys from other states.
Many lawyers bill on a monthly basis.
Many lawyers caution against trying to fund unfunded trusts at the last minute.
Many lawyers charge a much higher fee for the same type of cases.
Many lawyers charge by the hour and the hourly rate varies from lawyer to lawyer.
Many lawyers choose habitats that suit their vile temperments.
Many lawyers concentrate on one or a few areas of the law.
Many lawyers consider discovery to be one of the most burdensome aspects of practice.
Many lawyers develop expertise in a particular field of law.
Many lawyers disagree and are asking the federal courts to reverse INS policy.
Many lawyers dish out legal advice over discussion groups, Compuserve forums and so forth.
Many lawyers do work that is just plain boring.
Many lawyers end up dissatisfied with their occupation.
Many lawyers enter private practice after graduation but other opportunities are available.
Many lawyers face difficult career problems caused by our economy.
Many lawyers fall into the latter category.
Many lawyers feel tension between their family life and career.
Many lawyers find it easier to talk about and build up their colleagues than to sell themselves.
Many lawyers get so caught up in gathering facts that they never stop designing their plan.
Many lawyers get to meet new people a lot.
Many lawyers happily fax from their computer desktops by fax modems.
Many lawyers have deep and principled resistance to a mandatory pro bono requirement.
Many lawyers have undergraduate backgrounds in history or political science.
Many lawyers here know who to go to for government access.
Many lawyers hold antiquated or misinformed views of law office computerization.
Many lawyers initiate fee discussions, but others forget or are shy about doing so.
Many lawyers just travel around town to other lawyers' offices.
Many lawyers keep in office databases of articles, cases, etc.
Many lawyers like to video tape the signing.
Many lawyers limit their practices to certain areas of law.
Many lawyers look to get in and out of court as quickly as possible.
Many lawyers lower their sights when they discover anything foreign is involved.
Many lawyers never plead before a jury or a presiding judge.
Many lawyers now offer services as mediators to supplement or replace a traditional law practice.
Many lawyers now provide services as a TPN as part of their practices.
Many lawyers offer an initial visit without charge or future obligation.
Many lawyers offer free or inexpensive initial consultations.
Many lawyers offer some services free of charge, undertaking what is known as 'pro bono' work.
Many lawyers operate debt recovery systems and charge fixed rates for suing debtors.
Many lawyers practising in the international arena are dedicated craftsmen.
Many lawyers prefer to leave their clients in the dark.
Many lawyers print each attachment, because they like paper.
Many lawyers promote LLCs and their brothers as a way to protect against lawsuits.
Many lawyers purchase additional insurance.
Many lawyers recommend an arbitration clause in every construction agreement.
Many lawyers remain unaware of the implications of the Indian Child Welfare Act.
Many lawyers request and receive retainers from clients in advance of performing legal services.
Many lawyers require a retainer in certain types of legal matters.
Many lawyers resist anything that smacks of a fad.
Many lawyers sacrifice the quality of their lives in the interest of their clients.
Many lawyers say it's their clients' responsibility to identify Internet abuse.
Many lawyers say it's working.
Many lawyers seek to expand their client base by advertising their legal services.
Many lawyers seem to practice in a way that demands maximum cost and inconvenience to the client.
Many lawyers simply dish their clients off to their staff or other associates.
Many lawyers specialise in particular areas of law.
Many lawyers specialize in doing bankruptcy work.
Many lawyers still retain every single closed file that they ever had.
Many lawyers suffer from mental and emotional illnesses, and from alcohol and chemical dependencies.
Many lawyers think that our work consists mainly of programming the Website.
Many lawyers think that the quarterly Reporter alone is worth the cost of membership.
Many lawyers versed in technology law agree.
Many lawyers wonder what makes a great law job or if such a thing is even possible.
Many lawyers work in a variety of positions in which law training is needed and helpful.
Many lawyers work in more traditional ways for animals too.
Many lawyers work in offices ill-suited to their personalities.
Many lawyers work long hours.
Many lawyers work there.
Many lawyers work with business.
More lawyers find themselves in trouble for procrastination than for any other failing.
Most lawyers agree that it's tacky to charge an existing client for a first meeting on a new matter.
Most lawyers agree the answer is no.
Most lawyers agree.
Most lawyers are disappointed the first time they try to copy a pleading.
Most lawyers are essentially blood suckers looking to churn up a case for their own billing.
Most lawyers are familiar with the arbitration approach that a three person panel to decide.
Most lawyers are hard-working professionals.
Most lawyers are irrelevant to most people and businesses now.
Most lawyers are naturally upset with the ruling which struck so close to home.
Most lawyers are painfully unaware of how asset protection works.
Most lawyers are pretty busy.
Most lawyers are scrupulously honest, and place the interests of their clients before their own.
Most lawyers are self conscious about their fee.
Most lawyers are simply too busy for that.
Most lawyers are surprisingly willing to negotiate fees.
Most lawyers are uncomfortable with being under a time gun during research.
Most lawyers are uneasy about the future but are continuing to practice as they have in the past.
Most lawyers attribute phone-answering conflict to personality clashes or isolated explosions.
Most lawyers believe that judges dislike redirect because it wastes time.
Most lawyers belong to many organizations with highfalutin names.
Most lawyers bill at an hourly rate.
Most lawyers bill by the hour, and the pressure is always on to keep the billables up.
Most lawyers can identify the problems.
Most lawyers can research and discover what the law is.
Most lawyers can swear the form for a small fee.
Most lawyers can t make miracles happen.
Most lawyers can tell a client in advance if the client has to pay expenses up front.
Most lawyers charge an hourly rate for their time.
Most lawyers charge an hourly rate.
Most lawyers charge by the hour for divorce cases.
Most lawyers charge by the hour, but some have set fees for specific tasks, such as incorporation.
Most lawyers charge for the time spent on the phone with a client.
Most lawyers charge for time spent on the phone with a client.
Most lawyers charge retainers.
Most lawyers contribute time and money to better our profession, our communities and our nation.
Most lawyers devote little time to building their careers and less time to career design.
Most lawyers disdain the hiring process and rush through it just to get it over with.
Most lawyers do most of their work in the business setting.
Most lawyers do that.
Most lawyers don t like having to put speed above quality or thoroughness.
Most lawyers establish a fixed hourly charge for their services.
Most lawyers fight for clients.
Most lawyers file most complaints at the nearest courthouse.
Most lawyers find themselves along for the ride.
Most lawyers give up on new prospects after one or two attempts.
Most lawyers handle one type of case.
Most lawyers have a fee for a first office visit that is within the financial means of most people.
Most lawyers have at least some exposure to electronic case law research.
Most lawyers have little time and want their information short and to the point.
Most lawyers have no fees or reduced fees for the initial interview.
Most lawyers have some training in appellate oral advocacy while in law school.
Most lawyers keep accurate records of time spent on each matter.
Most lawyers keep copies of all signed wills on file for many years.
Most lawyers know attorneys skilled in other legal specialties.
Most lawyers look at staff as a cost of doing business.
Most lawyers look upon the hiring process with distaste.
Most lawyers now appreciate the Internet's value.
Most lawyers operate on an hourly basis.
Most lawyers perform many functions in their professional careers.
Most lawyers practise as either solicitors or as barristers.
Most lawyers rely heavily on others to maintain their records.
Most lawyers require clients to verify that the client has provided truthful information.
Most lawyers round off their work to the nearest tenth or quarter of an hour.
Most lawyers specialize in an area of law.
Most lawyers spend a large part of their time negotiating.
Most lawyers spend a lion's share of their time at home or on the road.
Most lawyers struggle to get their names out.
Most lawyers subsist as a consequence of the health of their legal communities.
Most lawyers suffer fools lightly.
Most lawyers suffer from budgetary amnesia.
Most lawyers take personal injury cases on a contingency fee basis.
Most lawyers truly believe that what they do helps society to operate fairly.
Most lawyers try to reinvent the wheel every time they meet with a client.
Most lawyers view the indenture as the key document.
Most lawyers work for themselves or in companies with other lawyers.
Most lawyers work long hours.
Most lawyers working on state tobacco suits have little financial interest in settling.
Some lawyer quotes .
Some lawyers act primarily as general practice business or family advisors.
Some lawyers advance costs.
Some lawyers advise their clients to live elsewhere until the court hearing.
Some lawyers are also general practitioners that practice many areas.
Some lawyers are barely human.
Some lawyers are better then others.
Some lawyers are fluent in languages in addition to English.
Some lawyers are good at both.
Some lawyers are idealistic, honest, and compassionate.
Some lawyers are nitpickers who get unnecessarily bogged down in legal technicalities.
Some lawyers are plain nasty.
Some lawyers are rich.
Some lawyers are rude to their clients and refuse to return their phone calls.
Some lawyers are smarter.
Some lawyers are very good at hiding the fine print.
Some lawyers are willing to consider different payment optinos.
Some lawyers are with large firms but many are solo practitioners.
Some lawyers are zealots when it comes to word processing software.
Some lawyers ask for the stars, hoping to get the moon.
Some lawyers become judges responsible for overseeing the legal process in courts of law.
Some lawyers become judges, politicians, or teachers.
Some lawyers believe it promises yet another financial cornucopia.
Some lawyers believe the taking of depositions is all that's needed before proceeding to trial.
Some lawyers charge a fixed fee for routine legal work.
Some lawyers charge a flat rate for divorces, depending on the amount of work involved.
Some lawyers charge a retainer plus a percentage of any recovery.
Some lawyers charge different rates for appearing in court and for working in their offices.
Some lawyers charge for their services on an hourly basis .
Some lawyers charge nothing for an initial consultation.
Some lawyers charge on a strictly hourly basis.
Some lawyers charge on an hourly basis.
Some lawyers charge only a small fee, if any, for the first consultation.
Some lawyers concentrate on only one area of law.
Some lawyers consider it a mark of professional distinction to be always tied up.
Some lawyers don t pal around with other lawyers or have a support group of colleagues.
Some lawyers draft wills based on the time spent, but many others draft on a flat fee.
Some lawyers embrace new technology, learn it, take to it like ducks to water.
Some lawyers enjoy negotiation, mediation, and resolution of conflicts.
Some lawyers even join in the attack a form of cannibalism.
Some lawyers even propose alternative practices to their firms.
Some lawyers even report sharing in the public's dissatisfaction with the profession.
Some lawyers excel at working out plea deals.
Some lawyers express dissatisfaction with their lifestyles.
Some lawyers fail to formulate one until final argument.
Some lawyers fear that offering free advice on the Web can be self-defeating.
Some lawyers find the constant flow of testimony distracting.
Some lawyers find the time-limit approach too inflexible.
Some lawyers forward their office mail to a personal Internet email account.
Some lawyers give complete coverage charging no more than the standard title insurance company fee.
Some lawyers give complete coverage, charging no more than the standard title insurance company fee.
Some lawyers go to the opposite extreme by including long quotations from cases.
Some lawyers groan at the thought of taking a drunken-driving case.
Some lawyers handle large sums of money for others.
Some lawyers handle litigations that is, trials and courtroom work.
Some lawyers have a general practice and work in several areas of law.
Some lawyers have different hourly rates depending upon the complexity of the case.
Some lawyers have irregular hours because of meetings with clients.
Some lawyers have people on the streets looking for accidents.
Some lawyers insist new clients pay a retainer, which is an advance payment or deposit.
Some lawyers insist that debt brought into a marriage remains the property of the debtor.
Some lawyers know birth mothers who wish to give up their child for adoption.
Some lawyers like to accumulate time for months before sending a big bill.
Some lawyers maintain a solo or small firm practice with almost exclusively business clients.
Some lawyers make only a small charge, if any, for the first consultation.
Some lawyers offer a free first meeting.
Some lawyers offer free consultations.
Some lawyers offer to buy a company that already exists to speed up procedure.
Some lawyers offer very complete profiles, but others provide less information.
Some lawyers peruse the police reports of auto accidents.
Some lawyers practice exclusively or primarily in family law.
Some lawyers provide the first appointment free.
Some lawyers provide useful information on their sites.
Some lawyers question the economic viability of advertising.
Some lawyers recommend creating a chart where more than one state's laws apply.
Some lawyers refer to the advance deposit as a retainer.
Some lawyers refuse to talk to an unrepresented litigant.
SOME lawyers rely on charm to win.
Some lawyers require a retainer up front to pay for costs associated with the case.
Some lawyers say cases like the one involving the hog farm are legal milestones.
Some lawyers say that with a conviction, other charges are usually dropped.
Some lawyers see it as an opportunity of a lifetime.
Some lawyers see the cases as the beginning of a revolt against cost-conscious medicine.
Some lawyers seem to fear that taking the first step toward settlement is a sign of weakness.
Some lawyers seem to have a fear that taking the first step toward settlement is a sign of weakness.
Some lawyers seems to think subsidiarity is applicable only to future developments.
Some lawyers specialize in courtroom work.
Some lawyers specialize in narrow areas, like antitrust law or banking law.
Some lawyers specialize in trial work.
Some lawyers start investigating possibilities of some sort of community fund creation.
Some lawyers strategically seek out cases in lower courts that appear headed for the justices.
Some lawyers suggest asking for double or even triple the amount the claim is worth.
Some lawyers swear that there is an advantage to being first.
Some lawyers take it very personally, and get very upset at the results.
Some lawyers tend to charge low fees and handle a high volume of cases.
Some lawyers think management refers only to managing partners and spreadsheets.
Some lawyers think that simply running through all the steps is the way to do a good job.
Some lawyers think that such legislation is unconstitutional.
Some lawyers tout themselves as being licensed in numerous states.
Some lawyers track all their time without ever using a pen or a keyboard.
Some lawyers truly believe it is unethical to talk to the news media.
Some lawyers try to argue their case in their opening statements.
Some lawyers use a combination of fee arrangements.
Some lawyers use all available legal means.
Some lawyers use high-priced psychologists as experts to help pick ideal jurors.
Some lawyers work for hospitals and private companies.
Some lawyers work for only one person or company all of the time.
Lax vowels have long off glides and short steady states.
Laxative abuse can also be a warning sign that a loved is suffering from an eating disorder.
Laxative abuse can be medically dangerous.
Laxative abuse can cause bloating, abdominal cramps, and can damage the colon.
Laxative abuse can create a dependence and result in an inability to have normal bowel movements.
Laxative abuse can damage the colon and slow the intestinal tract.
Laxative abuse can damage the colon.
Laxative abuse can damage the lining of the colon.
Laxative abuse can have serious effects.
Laxative abuse can lead to irritable bowel disease or create an addiction to laxatives.
Laxative abuse can lead to irritation of the colon, and diuretic abuse can cause kidney problems.
Laxative abuse can lead to long lasting disruptions of normal bowel functioning.
Laxative abuse can lead to severe bouts of diarrhea and constipation.
Laxative abuse is the most common cause of factitious diarrhea.
Laxative dependence can occur with long-term or excessive laxative therapy.
Laxative herbs are important, and they are the major component of many cleanses.
Laxative misuse can induce perceived constipation.
A laxative is medicine
Laxatives act to produce a stool or to make passing a stool more comfortable.
Laxatives actually cause rebound fluid retention making people feel bloated.
Laxatives also cause cramping and can cause electrolyte imbalances if used chronically.
Laxatives are a known quantity.
Laxatives are actually a very poor tool for weight control.
Laxatives are drugs, with their own potential side effects, and they can be addictive.
Laxatives are for stimulation of the bowel and for excreting more mucous material.
Laxatives are harmful to the colon and are habit-forming.
Laxatives are medicine.
Laxatives are one the most common over the counter products sold.
Laxatives are the method of colon cleansing that is most popularly used today.
Laxatives are usually milder and cause the elimination of formed feces.
Laxatives are very common.
Laxatives can also affect how other medications work.
Laxatives can also be highly poisonous to dogs.
Laxatives can be habit-forming and harmful to the intestines.
Laxatives can become habit-forming.
Laxatives can improve sow bowel movements and subsequent lactation feed intake.
Laxatives cause cancer.
Laxatives cause fluid loss through the intestines.
Laxatives cause gripey abdominal pains if used in large doses.
Laxatives commonly used are liquid parafin and lactulose.
Laxatives have a minimum effect on caloric absorption, which takes place in the small intestine.
Laxatives increase the amount of liquid retained in the feces and act as a lubricant.
Laxatives irritate the colon to make it expel debris from the bowel.
Laxatives lose their effectiveness if they are used for prolonged periods.
Laxatives make it easier to have a bowel movement.
Laxatives operate by different mechanisms.
Laxatives remove lots of water from the colon as well as food residue.
Laxatives simply cause dehydration and loss of important vitamins, minerals and electrolytes.
Laxatives taken by mouth are available in liquid, tablet, gum, powder, and granule forms.
Laxatives work by artificially stimulating the bowel.
All laxatives are alike .
All Laxatives are the same.
All laxatives do is reduce fluid levels within the body by inducing severe diarrhea.
Many laxatives sold as stool softeners actually are fiber supplements.
Most laxatives do their thing by increasing the amount water drawn into the bowel or stool.
Some laxatives are safer than others.
Some laxatives have magnesium.
Some laxatives stimulate the action of muscles lining the large intestine.
Some laxatives taste better if they are mixed with orange juice, chocolate milk or other drinks.
Lay brothers provide services.
Lay chickens live for months.
Lay chickens need diets.
Lay chickens need special diets.
Lay judges sit on benches.
Any lay man can instantly say that the song is heading towards a tense situation.
Lay paper patterns for two chest features and tail on dough.
Lay people buy products.
A lay is a song
Lays are rivers.
Lays bare the dynamics behind what is happening to the software industry.
Lays cause lies.
Lays groundwork for ready uptake on Financials deployment.
Lays lads underground.
Lays laminates between wooden boards and places unit into press.
Layer hens are slaughtered when they are one to two years old.
Layer hens grow more slowly with the emphasis on egg production.
Layer masks are fairly easy to use, but a little mysterious.
A layer is an artifact
Layer apron wrong side to right side of jumper front.
Layer croutons over sausage.
Layer ingrediences as follows.
Layer isa artifact.
Layer oats on top of fruit.
Layer rocks on bottom of container.
Layer tortillas again and soup, followed by cheese.
Layer tortillas with sauce, minced onion and cheese on oven-proof plates.
Layer tortillas with sauce, minced onion and cheese on ovenproof plates.
Layer vegetables over the rice.
Layers absorb energy.
Layers absorb water.
Layers act like blankets.
Layers add control and coordination that allow simple components to be used in complex ways.
Layers allow for revision and experimentation.
Layers allow professional image montages to be created quickly and easily.
Layers allow specific areas of an image to be edited without affecting any other data.
Layers allows the artist to manipulate specific elements on an image after they have been applied.
Layers also keep in body heat.
Layers also overlap each other.
Layers are a good idea in every season.
Layers are a good idea.
Layers are a very powerful way to show graphic images on a Web page.
Layers are also easier to work with than frames.
Layers are also good for applying effects to one part of an image.
Layers are always a good idea.
Layers are always safe.
Layers are an effective defense against what passes as Sunshine Coast cold.
Layers are an important tool in grouping objects by category.
Layers are another level in the hierarchy, similar to the grouping feature.
Layers are artifacts.
Layers are basically of two types, raster and vector.
Layers are best, weather can change quickly in the mountains.
Layers are best.
Layers are better than one big heavy snowsuit.
Layers are difficult for the uninitiated, there's no doubt about that.
Layers are equally convenient for labeling maps.
Layers are essential for manipulating complex images.
Layers are extremely important.
Layers are far more versatile than one heavy coat.
Layers are for graphic designers.
Layers are fully cross-connected.
Layers are hens.
Layers are in shapefile format.
Layers are independent of each other to maximize flexibility.
Layers are independent screens or overlays.
Layers are just too powerful to ignore.
Layers are like a collection of individual images all contained within one main image.
Layers are like a stack of overhead transparencies.
Layers are like transparencies on an overhead projector.
Layers are made by deposition of sediment, organic matter, and chemical precipitates.
Layers are many.
Layers are much better than one thick item of clothing.
Layers are much more comfortable and permit easier arm movement.
Layers are nothing new.
Layers are on a page.
Layers are part of laminates.
Layers are preferable to bulk for trapping heat . . .
Layers are probably the most exciting of the three technologies.
Layers are regions.
Layers are similar to stacking sheets of acetate, like overhead projector sheets.
Layers are structures.
Layers are the best protection against the elements.
Layers are the best.
Layers are transparent by default.
Layers are turned into rock by slow geological processes that take a long time.
Layers are unnamed by default.
Layers are useful because they allow the Web page designer control over the layout of the page.
Layers are useful on cool days and nights.
Layers are versatile, fashionable and practical for all outfits.
Layers are very effective.
Layers are very protective and resist change regardless of merit.
Layers are very useful for editing images and creating special effects.
Layers basically means their made up of a bunch of other pieces.
Layers become crucial with inclement weather or cooler temperatures.
Layers can also have layer masks.
Layers can also have transparency masks.
Layers can appear and disappear in time independently.
Layers can be any size.
Layers can be exactly positioned in a browser window.
Layers can be opaque or transparent.
Layers can be transparent or opaque.
Layers can contain text, images, plugins, and even other layers.
Layers can even move and rearrange themselves, right in front of the user's eyes.
Layers can have a stacking order that allows a virtual third z-dimension to be defined.
Layers can help.
Layers can hold images, text, frames, or any other sort of element.
Layers can move freely across the page.
Layers can provide information on geologys, soil, land use, species distribution, vegetation, etc.
Layers combine with each other to create a level.
Layers communicate with each other by using a defined interface.
Layers communicate with each other through calls via clearly defined interfaces.
Layers consist of cores.
Layers consist of layers.
Layers consist of materials.
Layers contain aerosol particles.
Layers contain all standard compositing and grouping methods for interacting with layers beneath.
Layers contain bacteria.
Layers contain chloroplasts.
Layers contain elements.
Layers contain heavy elements.
Layers contain layers.
Layers contain matter.
Layers contain organic matter.
Layers contain particles.
Layers contain primary protective structures.
Layers contain primary structures.
Layers contain protective structures.
Layers contain small aerosol particles.
Layers contain small particles.
Layers contain structures.
Layers contribute to fire.
Layers correspond to the fifty foot index contour intervals.
Layers cover skin surfaces.
Layers cover skin.
Layers cover surfaces.
Layers create barriers.
Layers create considerable barriers.
Layers determine which objects appear in foreground and which are pushed to the back.
Layers develop fastest just after sexual differentiation.
Layers draw in the order they appear in the legend.
Layers easily slide over each other.
Layers eliminate the frustration of working with heaps of text and graphics on a page.
Layers exist everywhere - even within craters.
Layers form outer surfaces.
Layers form surfaces.
Layers form, increasing distance from leaders to the front line.
Layers Get interchangeable duds for all temps.
Layers give dynamic content.
Layers have (part) sections.
Layers have a stacking order.
Layers have a tendency to flow slightly.
Layers have bumpy texture.
Layers have components.
Layers have effects.
Layers have high strength.
Layers have momentum.
Layers have orientations.
Layers have same effects.
Layers have strength.
Layers have texture.
Layers have thickness.
Layers help conserve moisture and moderate temperature variations.
Layers help manage complexity.
Layers help reduce the dimensionality by displaying one slice of the table at a time.
Layers indicate change.
Layers interact with each other in an effort to achieve mass equilibrium.
Layers is definitely a cool idea.
Layers make it easy to work with different things happening at different times.
Layers make it much easier to alter parts of an image without affecting the rest.
Layers make it possible to get absolute positioning of objects on a page.
Layers occur also in collenchyma, stone or corked cells.
Layers offer complete control over the soundtrack, but are more involved to use than chunks .
Layers offer protection.
Layers offer services to the next higher layer and require services from the layers below.
Layers present absorption.
Layers protect connective tissue.
Layers protect pansy plants.
Layers protect plants.
Layers protect skin.
Layers protect tissue.
Layers provide barriers.
Layers provide effective barriers.
Layers provide warmth.
Layers push their own header onto the message.
Layers range out in ever-widening circles from the mobile structure.
Layers reduce evaporation.
Layers represent different sets of geographic information.
Layers represent such themes as soils, roads, or drinking water wells.
Layers retain moisture.
Layers retain water.
Layers seem more important for careful naming.
Layers seem to work best as the weather gets colder.
Layers separate layers.
Layers separate slightly in only a few spores, where they can be measured.
Layers separate somewhat in most crushed spores.
Layers show a mix of ice formed in calm and rough seas.
Layers support types.
Layers surround basement membranes.
Layers surround egg membranes.
Layers surround membranes.
Layers take as input and return as output sets of object states.
Layers take the concept of drawing order a step further.
Layers touch environments.
Layers unfold upon layers, links are hard to find, text and image merge into a digital tangle.
Layers vary in thickness.
Layers weld together with strong cohesive action as the protective wrap is applied.
Layers work best.
Layers work independently of each other.
Layers work well during cold weather.
Layers work well in places where the temperature is unpredictable.
Layers work well in Victoria summer evenings.
Layers work well.
Layers often perform poorly because of a lack of communication between layers.
All layers are in geograhical coordinates.
All layers are independently selectable.
All layers are necessary to perfectly recreate the original image.
All layers are present in all parts of the cortex.
All layers are with gold trimming.
All layers come together in the front of the frame where they are comfortably quilted.
All layers contain milk.
All layers contain some fibroblasts.
All layers feature first.
All layers share the same color attributes, number of channels, and the same resolution.
Any layer can be detachable.
Any layer can have a sublayer and a sublayer can have a sublayer.
Any layer can overlay other layers.
Every layer adds more information, making it difficult to read.
Every layer contains objects, such as postal codes, cities, streets, parcels, buildings, and so on.
Every layer holds the equivalent of an existing DVD - around five gigabytes of data.
Every layer is thoroughly wet and tamped down.
Every layer needs to be controlled, except the one in the front.
Many layers compose an insurance policy.
Many layers extend thousands of miles, some even covering most of North America.
Most layers absorb energy.
Most layers absorb water.
Most layers act like blankets.
Most layers are fibrous and contain little of nutritious value.
Most layers consist of cores.
Most layers consist of layers.
Most layers consist of materials.
Most layers contain aerosol particles.
Most layers contain bacteria.
Most layers contain chloroplasts.
Most layers contain elements.
Most layers contain heavy elements.
Most layers contain layers.
Most layers contain matter.
Most layers contain organic matter.
Most layers contain particles.
Most layers contain primary protective structures.
Most layers contain primary structures.
Most layers contain protective structures.
Most layers contain small aerosol particles.
Most layers contain small particles.
Most layers contain structures.
Most layers contribute to fire.
Most layers cover skin surfaces.
Most layers cover skin.
Most layers cover surfaces.
Most layers create barriers.
Most layers create considerable barriers.
Most layers form outer surfaces.
Most layers form surfaces.
Most layers have bumpy texture.
Most layers have components.
Most layers have effects.
Most layers have high strength.
Most layers have momentum.
Most layers have orientations.
Most layers have same effects.
Most layers have strength.
Most layers have texture.
Most layers have thickness.
Most layers offer protection.
Most layers protect connective tissue.
Most layers protect pansy plants.
Most layers protect plants.
Most layers protect skin.
Most layers protect tissue.
Most layers provide barriers.
Most layers provide effective barriers.
Most layers provide warmth.
Most layers reduce evaporation.
Most layers retain moisture.
Most layers retain water.
Most layers support types.
Most layers surround basement membranes.
Most layers surround egg membranes.
Most layers vary in thickness.
Some layer hens belong to companies.
Some layers absorb harmful rays.
Some layers absorb rays.
Some layers act as barriers.
Some layers act as insulation.
Some layers act as insulators.
Some layers act as protective barriers.
Some layers act as thermal insulation.
Some layers affect movement.
Some layers are colored to simulate meat, others are colorless to represent fat.
Some layers are composite layers that is made up of other layers.
Some layers are dark.
Some layers are formed by sediments.
Some layers are made of collagen.
Some layers are made of dense materials.
Some layers are made of materials.
Some layers are made of resin.
Some layers are more resistant than others.
Some layers are only available at certain scales.
Some layers are separated by layers.
Some layers are too detailed to see at a statewide scale and therefore are scale dependent.
Some layers are very thin, some are thick.
Some layers become ectoderms.
Some layers become layers.
Some layers become placentas.
Some layers cause brain damage.
Some layers cause damage.
Some layers cause minor damage.
Some layers cause problems.
Some layers compose of chitin.
Some layers consist of carbon foam.
Some layers consist of foam.
Some layers consist of proteins.
Some layers consist of spongy foam.
Some layers contain cobbles and a few stones.
Some layers contain complex polysaccharides.
Some layers contain melanin.
Some layers contain pigment.
Some layers contain polysaccharides.
Some layers contain pores.
Some layers contain red pigment.
Some layers contain tiny pores.
Some layers contain water.
Some layers contain wax.
Some layers correspond to bins.
Some layers cover components.
Some layers cover legs.
Some layers cover with meringues.
Some layers create light.
Some layers enhance damage potential.
Some layers enhance potential.
Some layers fill with grind water.
Some layers fill with water.
Some layers form convection zones.
Some layers form zones.
Some layers have bitter flavor.
Some layers have boundaries.
Some layers have calcium.
Some layers have chemical compositions.
Some layers have clouds.
Some layers have compositions.
Some layers have consequences.
Some layers have dark melanin.
Some layers have dark pigment melanin.
Some layers have flavor.
Some layers have footprints of vertebrates on their surfaces.
Some layers have important consequences.
Some layers have indexes.
Some layers have limited information for privately-owned land.
Some layers have low refractive indexes.
Some layers have melanin.
Some layers have patterns.
Some layers have pigment melanin.
Some layers have pigment.
Some layers have plenty.
Some layers have quality.
Some layers have refractive indexes.
Some layers have similar chemical compositions.
Some layers have similar compositions.
Some layers have so many tracks that none are discernable.
Some layers have to fit on top of each other very accurately.
Some layers have white pigment.
Some layers have yellow pigment.
Some layers help moisture.
Some layers increase pressure.
Some layers look like the usual sandstones and shales .
Some layers perform specific tasks.
Some layers perform tasks.
Some layers practically jump up and demand to be grouped into a layer.
Some layers prevent capillary moisture.
Some layers prevent dehydration.
Some layers prevent discharge.
Some layers prevent infection.
Some layers prevent moisture.
Some layers prevent sunlight.
Some layers produce light.
Some layers produce spores.
Some layers protect animals.
Some layers protect areas.
Some layers protect cats.
Some layers protect central areas.
Some layers protect ears.
Some layers protect eyes.
Some layers protect kernels.
Some layers protect nursery areas.
Some layers protect organs.
Some layers protect sex organs.
Some layers provide habitats.
Some layers provide insulation.
Some layers provide nutrients.
Some layers provide nutrition.
Some layers represent growth.
Some layers serve double duty as both a reference layer and an active work layer.
Some layers stretch between bones.
Some layers support cell membranes.
Some layers surround earth.
Some layers surround layers.
Some layers surround lungs.
Some layers surround sand.
Some layers surround skin.
Layings are parturition.
A layman is a common man
Layman echoes the sentiment.
Laymans are commoners.
Laymans are laypersons.
Laymen are on the cutting edge of evangelism.
Laymen call it plural marriage.
Laymen generally support such publication since it is a meritorious act.
Laymen poke the suture through the loop.
Laymen say no, and pastors say yes.
Laymen often express scepticism of any relationship between forestry and freedom from hunger.
Any layman can strip and step on the scales.
Many laymen picture atoms as a little solar system.
Most laymen give very little thought to the importance of the attorney-client privilege.
A layoff is a shutdown
Layoff are part of the strategy.
Layoff is defined as severance of an employee from the work force due to lack of work.
Layoff is made without prejudice and is no fault of the affected employee.
Layoff is used only when there is reasonable expectation of recall.
Layoffs affect a small percentage of the employees.
Layoffs affecting sales reflect the change of focus.
Layoffs are a constant threat to most of the workforce.
Layoffs are a foregone conclusion.
Layoffs are a gradual process and take a while to be recognized.
Layoffs are a plague to communities and workers alike.
Layoffs are a routine part of cost-control.
Layoffs are a very real concern to public employees when the issue of privatization is raised.
Layoffs are about decreasing headcount while trying to maintain productivity.
Layoffs are almost as hard on the people who stay.
Layoffs are also possible.
Layoffs are another form of capitalistic oppression.
Layoffs are at record highs.
Layoffs are back.
Layoffs are clear signs of disease.
Layoffs are closures.
Layoffs are common when accounts are lost, major clients cut advertising budgets, or agencies merge.
Layoffs are costly to organizations as well as to the people involved.
Layoffs are epidemic.
Layoffs are minimal as stockpiles have been generally sufficient to maintain regular production.
Layoffs are mounting and consumer confidence is at a five-year low.
Layoffs are necessary.
Layoffs are never easy.
Layoffs are never pleasant.
Layoffs are never pretty.
Layoffs are next.
Layoffs are often a regrettable but absolutely necessary element in controlling costs.
Layoffs are part of the process.
Layoffs are probably the most visible result.
Layoffs are rampant in South Korea.
Layoffs are rampant.
Layoffs are rare because fire protection is a required service.
Layoffs are rare because retirements enable most staffing cuts to be handled through attrition.
Layoffs are routine, and technological change makes many skills obsolete with chilling rapidity.
Layoffs are the ties that bind.
Layoffs are up.
Layoffs are usually a sign of what has happened rather than a precursor of things to come.
Layoffs are usually for window dressing.
Layoffs are virtually unheard of in the public sector.
Layoffs are weekly news.
Layoffs are widespread through the coalfields as the price of coal has plummeted in recent months.
Layoffs are without prejudice and are in no way considered disciplinary action.
Layoffs become rampant.
Layoffs can be an uncomfortable thing for businesses.
Layoffs can be so despairing, so many employees waiting to be told.
Layoffs can be traumatic events.
Layoffs can take a tremendous toll on co-op students.
Layoffs cause a slightly different problem.
Layoffs continue in large numbers across all industries.
Layoffs Continue Thousands of jobs to be cut.
Layoffs continue to hound newer companies.
Layoffs continue, despite strong corporate earnings.
Layoffs generally occur because of reorganization of the employing unit or lack of funding.
Layoffs go along with lean times.
Layoffs illustrate Web difficulties facing alcohol industry.
Layoffs includes both full-time and temporary workers.
Layoffs lead to health insurance problems.
Layoffs loom, and the country is battling an economic and political crisis.
Layoffs mostly affect Web building positions.
Layoffs mount as American steelmakers filing for bankruptcy left and right.
Layoffs occur regularly, even during recoveries.
Layoffs seem certain.
Layoffs spread a fear virus that can leave an entire organization weakened and open to attack.
Layoffs sometimes are necessary.
Layoffs usually affect large numbers of people, thus appearing to be legitimate.
More layoffs are a virtual certainty.
More layoffs are on the way.
More layoffs are unavoidable.
Most layoffs seem to be preventive first aid and are likely to get worse before they get better.
Some layoffs are completely unavoidable.
Layout assistance is available for an additional charge.
Layout complexity is high.
Layout configuration can be like the schematic.
Layout construction is basic L girder with both open grid work and table top in the yards.
Layout documentation is important for future reference.
All layout drawings show comfortable, wide settees with angled backrests.
Layout errors have critical importance in the construction industry.
Layout modules range from scale reproductions of prototype areas to dragons and Viking long boats.
Layout sheet has full-sized map outline with state capitals and interesting state facts.
Layout synthesis involves generating fabricatable mask layouts from gate-level designs.
Layout tables are utterly contrary to that.
Layout tables cause problems for some screen readers and when rendered, confuse users.
All layout views are from the component side of the board.
All layout work is done on the computer.
A layout is ordering
Layouts are authentic and trains operate to appropriate timetables.
Layouts are composites of views , tables , charts , legend material and title text.
Layouts are consistent from page to page.
Layouts are designs.
Layouts are only a part of the club's total picture.
Layouts are order.
Layouts are QuarkXPress files.
Layouts are so sharp, they compare to print magazines before the advent of desktop publishing.
Layouts are somewhat consistent from page to page.
Layouts calculate discount schedules or update conditions according to customer categories.
Layouts contain no spatial information.
Layouts help by improving the layout of the labels of the rows and columns of the custom table.
Layouts including three, four, or five staterooms are available.
Layouts incorporating revisions for the bias PCB and front panel PCB are nearly complete.
Layouts seem to work fine though.
Layouts shown on some images have full basements.
Layouts vary depending on the type of feeding system used.
Layouts vary, but a pilothouse configuration is common and well suited to extended at-sea living.
All layout is done on the news desk.
All layouts are pre-defined.
All layouts assume pieces of equal size with one like-sized space.
All layouts have exceptional storage in hanging lockers, bureaus, and below berth drawers.
Every layout contains the same general template found throughout the rest of the database.
Every layout is individual and that part is so interesting.
Many layouts look good when centered.
Some layout is required.
Some layouts are even suitable for decks with potted plants.
Some layouts are mostly land, some mostly water, and some are evenly divided between the two.
Some layouts have only a left margin and others have a left and right margin.
Some layouts make transaction privacy and evasion of law enforcers easier than others.
Some layouts use lettering and images, some use one or the other.
A layover is a stay
Layovers are available at the Stables.
A layperson is a common man
Laypersons can learn when and how to use supplemental oxygen and breathing devices.
Laypersons cooperate into their works.
Most laypersons accept as evidence anecdotal information or individual cases.
Layteral veins get progressively smaller and smaller.
A layup is shot
Layups are a coach's dream because they represent a high percentage shot.
A lazarette is a hospital
Lazarettes are nice for cruising, so are fo'c'sles.
Laziness causes inventions.
Laziness comes from gravity.
Laziness decreases both health and wealth.
Laziness fits well with impatience.
Laziness is a rest
Laziness is incompatible with spiritual growth.
Laziness is out, too.
Laziness is rests.
Laziness produces lack.
Laziness takes control of the native.
Lazio population has a lower incidenceof diabetes than Sardinia.
Lazy afternoon strolls along pristine beaches.
Lazy afternoons speak of relaxation, with the gentle gulf waves lapping at one's feet.
Lazy beds are vertical lines.
Lazy computation is such a remarkable invention indeed.
Lazy creeks slip towards still ponds.
Lazy days are here.
Lazy days are still the norm here where the beach is the way Florida used to be.
Lazy evaluation can cause some unexpected results.
Lazy evaluation is an evaluation strategy combining normal order evaluation with updating.
Lazy evaluation is very powerful and expressive in FPLs, but it is also very slow.
Lazy eye can occur independently of retinoschisis.
Lazy eye develops rapidly during the first three years of life.
Lazy eye is another side effect or complication stemming from crossed-eyes.
Lazy eye is one of the most serious.
Lazy eye is reduced vision from lack of use in an otherwise normal eye.
Lazy eyes are eyes.
Lazy eyes are illnesses.
Lazy eyes are quite common in young children.
Lazy folks can just click here .
Lazy hands make a man poor, but diligent hands bring wealth.
Lazy jacks are the traditional solution, and they do indeed make dealing with a main much easier.
Lazy jacks make flaking the main a thing of the past.
Lazy jacks permit easy lowering and furling.
Most lazy jacks stay up all the time.
Lazy lion licks a lollipop.
Lazy majority decides each issue in a release plan.
Lazy majority decides each issue in the release plan.
Lazy men plan busy tomorrows.
Lazy mornings begin with the wonderful tastes and smells of homemade specialties.
Lazy patterns are useful in contexts where infinite data structures are being defined recursively.
Lazy people are a pain to their employer.
Lazy people find it more costly to take extra effort with an application.
Lazy people let things happen.
Lazy people think that love is just something that happens.
Lazy people wear out their pants and get nothing done.
Some lazy people are employees.
Lazy programmers are the best programmers.
Lazy protocols send fewer messages and less data than the eager protocols.
Lazy rivers are the latest craze.
Any lazy simpleton can make an index of proper names.
Lazy students do poorly.
Lazy students is correct.
Lazy workers risk getting fired.
Lazy workers tend to shrug off unpleasant, demanding or boring duties.
Lazy writing begins with lazy verbs.
Lazy yokel plows a crooked furrow.
A lb is a mass unit
Lb isa unit.
LBs dominate sales, number of firms and contract counts.
Lbs have (part) half pounds.
LBGT individuals are susceptible to the same health problems as heterosexual individuals.
LBGT youth are at risk.
LCCE certification is awarded for a period of three years.
LCD indicator shows solid arrow.
LCDs Batteries Find out more.
LCMS support comes as a result of mandates from synodical conventions.
Lcp member get their funds returned.
LCSB insurance covers only the assigned driver and students during school hours.
LCYC membership is open to anyone willing to actively participate in running the club.
LDAP clients are responsible for dereferencing referrals.
LDAP clients can request the operation by sending an extended operation request.
LDAP connectivity is provided for interoperability with directory servers.
LDAP integration is much more difficult, requiring quite a bit of configuration.
LDAP integration lets the package plug into a company's user management system.
LDAP protocol improves managing name databases.
LDAP protocol offers a low level authentication service.
LDPE bottles are squeezable and virtually unbreakable.
LDPE resin is also suitable for food packing.
LDPE screws are acceptable.
LE comes as a self-installing file.
LE contains organizational information as well as theoretical essays and pamphlets.
LE now accepts animated banners .
LE strongly feels that the last five years have been educational, exciting and successful.
LEs dance around the FOs instaed of moving on to the next FO, ending up on the outside of the wheel.
Lea County continues to hold second place in New Mexico in peanut production.
Lea County has wonderful warm days and cool clear nights.
Lea County is a drug free employer.
Lea County magistrates.
A lea is grassland
Lea advises women to continue monitoring for problems.
Lea carries chocolate and has the bone coat and broad top of head with the tinniest of ears.
Lea examines a negative before plate-making.
Lea opens the verse at a jaunty tempo which initially comes as a surprise.
LEAs apply to the SEAs for program funds.
LEAs are eligible to receive funds for all three purposes.
LEAs argue about subsidiarity.
LEAs can request access to stored data in the course of an investigation in line with national law.
LEAs develop customized programs to meet the needs of homeless children and youth in their area.
LEAs do, however, have a role in supporting schools in their efforts to raise standards.
LEAs have a duty to promote high standards.
LEAs have a duty to provide sufficient school places for their area.
LEAs have a number of strategies to identify and disseminate best school practice.
LEAs implement their approved project plans.
LEAs periodically report to their communities on the progress they make in achieving the goals.
LEAs select their own methods . .
LEAs target funds to schools with the highest percentages of children from low-income families.
Many LEAs have a named officer who deals with applications for DSAs.
Many LEAs purchase behavioral services as a consult model or for direct service with students.
Most LEAs are public schools in the local community.
Most LEAs have directives or standing orders covering sanitary conveniences and washing facilities.
Some LEAs also request assistance with technical support.
Some LEAs are willing to consider applicants for graduate diploma courses for discretionary awards.
Some LEAs have excellent records.
Some LEAs have governor support officers.
Some LEAs offer low-cost lease arrangements.
A leach is an action
Leach admits the cost of the playground is a scary number.
Leach advises that the water be changed daily to help prevent mold growth.
Leach ask for explanation of what aeration does.
Leach believes children thrive with unlimited affection.
Leach believes that Chile has the best economy of all the South American countries.
Leach deserves an assist.
Leach does an analysis of the film, and that is what the question is asking about.
Leach is a child development specialist and a mother.
Leach is a kind of professional hybrid, one part biologist, one part IT geek.
Leach is a subcontractor and is hired either by a general contractor or an owner.
Leach is active with various community organizations.
Leach is dead right.
Leach is now vice chairman of the panel's subcommittee on domestic monetary policy.
Leach is only five months from retirement.
Leach is out of town on a recruiting trip.
Leach is popular because the students get to know each other quickly and a close community develops.
Leach is responsible for writing environmental documents for the district's individual projects.
Leach is the U.S. Olympic fencing coach.
Leach notes that American consumerism has been supported by higher education.
Leach puts BU up for good.
Leach remains the wealthiest member of the Iowa delegation.
Leach resides in Las Vegas .
Leach says many community colleges increase internships to make up for a shortage of equipment.
Leach says, The U.S. has a banking system that is surprisingly honest.
Leach sees more privatization occurring, and less investment.
Leach shows some representative differential delay responses for various high-pass filters.
Leach takes over a team that has had seven straight winning seasons.
Leach wants to see the case tried.
Leaches are parasitic segmented worms that live in oceans, rivers, and streams.
Leachs are natural processes.
Leachs cause leachs.
Leachate generation is a direct result of precipitation.
Leachate generation is of special concern when characterizing municipal landfill sites.
Leachate overflow is a.
Leachate plumes are a threat to the river in the future.
Leachate samples contain VOCs and heavy metals.
Leachate streams are visible on the west and northwest sides of the fill.
Lead abatement requires special skills and knowledge of safety procedures.
Lead acetate has a sweetish taste and a slight acetic odor.
Lead acetate is a dyestuff
Lead activities are also cross-partnership explorations of common topics and approaches.
Most lead agencies give the refurbished PCs to recipients free of charge.
Lead arm is across chest and fully extended toward the catcher.
Lead articles are still available in HTML format.
All lead authors share the editor's address.
Many lead authors produce only one title per year.
Lead azide is an explosive.
Lead balloons go down faster at certain times, and in certain climates.
Lead batteries constitute the most dependable way to store energy for future use.
All lead batteries work on the same set of reactions and use the same active materials.
Lead breaks are sharp, very Scottyesque if such an adjective exists.
Lead bullets tend to create smokier loads than jacketed.
Lead chloride is almost three times more soluble in hot water than cold.
Lead chloride is insoluble in cold water but readily dissolves if the water is heated.
Lead climbing has a whole spectrum of other equipment.
Lead climbing is a climbing technique.
Lead climbing is also available.
Lead climbing requires experience.
Lead companies develop methods.
Lead companies specialize in approaches.
Lead companies specialize in services.
Most lead companies develop methods.
Most lead companies specialize in approaches.
Most lead companies specialize in services.
Some lead companies specialize in children.
Lead compounds are in some non-Western cosmetics, such as surma and kohl.
Lead compounds are marine pollutants.
Lead compounds are toxic just like the element.
Lead compounds are used as a pigment in paints, dyes, and ceramic glazes and in caulk.
Lead compounds combine at different temperatures.
Lead compounds have many virtues and, despite the danger, are still in use.
All lead compounds are small molecules that have been inexpensive to produce.
Many lead compounds are used to make colored glazes in ceramics.
Some lead compounds are semiconductors and are used in photodetectors.
Some lead compounds react to salt.
Lead contamination can poison adults and children.
Lead contamination can spread with groundwater and surface water, by erosion, or with airborne dust.
Lead contamination is a major concern today, especially when small children are involved.
Lead contamination is another good reason for pregnant women to refrain from drinking wine.
Lead contamination is another major problem.
Lead contamination is still present in the paint covering the buildings.
Most lead contamination is from corrosion by-products.
Most lead contamination takes place at some point in the water delivery system.
Lead counsel has responsibility.
Lead counsel is available for trial.
Lead counsels shoulder the bulk of the work and also commonly reap the largest fees.
Most lead counsel has responsibility.
Lead crystal is also available.
Lead developers manage the software engineering process for a product development team.
Some lead developer has little time.
Some lead developer has time.
Lead dioxide is a strong oxidizing agent, capable of oxidizing hydrochloric acid to chlorine gas.
Lead dogs are especially responsive, mentally tough, and doggedly determined.
Lead dogs are smart, but sometimes their attention lags.
Lead dogs show signs of being leaders from puppyhood.
Some lead economists study economic growth.
Some lead edges vary in shapes.
Some lead experts study facial expression.
Lead exposure can affect everyone, but it is especially dangerous for children aged six and younger.
Lead exposure can also pose a risk to pregnant women.
Lead exposure can also result from lead crystal and poorly glazed ceramic dishware.
Lead exposure can be harmful to young children and babies.
Lead exposure can cause a variety of health problems including blood and kidney disorders.
Lead exposure can cause irreversible harm to young children, babies, and fetuses.
Lead exposure can cause permanent damage to the brain and nervous system.
Lead exposure can cause retardation in children or dementia in adults.
Lead exposure can come from a variety of sources.
Lead exposure can harm young children and babies even before they are born.
Lead exposure can harm young children and babies, even before they are born.
Lead exposure can lead to severe effects on fetuses and young children.
Lead exposure causes damage.
Lead exposure is a major health concern for low-income children.
Lead exposure is a serious health threat for infants and young children.
Lead exposure is also common during home renovations when old paint is removed.
Lead exposure is especially harmful to young children and babies before they are born.
Lead exposure is especially harmful to young children and pregnant women.
Lead exposure is espically harmful to young children and pregnant women.
Lead exposure is harmful to young children.
Lead exposure is known to cause developmental delays in children until at least age five.
Lead exposure is known to impair cognitive development in small children.
Lead exposure is one of the most common preventable poisonings of childhood.
Lead exposure stems primarily from contact with contaminated dust or water.
Lead exposure threatens the neurological development and lives of young children.
Most lead exposure causes damage.
Most lead exposure occurs in and around the home, through hobbies or use of lead-based paint.
Some lead exposure affects excretion.
All lead foundries are to be moved away from densely populated areas within the next five years.
Lead generation is a completely different animal.
Lead generation is generally very awkward.
Lead glass is glass
Some lead glasses slow it down even more.
Lead guitar is immaculately preserved and acoustic depth is reasonable.
Lead guitars sound great.
Lead guitarist is a blunderspawn.
Lead institutions provide full services.
Lead institutions provide services.
Most lead institutions provide full services.
Most lead institutions provide services.
Lead intoxication impairs the generation of a delayed type hypersensitivity response.
Lead intoxication is a fairly common problem in pet birds.
Lead intoxication is a widespread problem.
Lead isotopes are the end products of naturally occurring radioactive elements.
A lead line is cord
Lead line is just plain heavy and causes a reel to be cumbersome.
Some lead manufacturers provide animal glue.
Some lead manufacturers provide glue.
Lead mines are a depressed industry.
Lead monoxide is an ionic solid whose colour varies from yellow to orange.
Lead optimization is one of the longest stages in drug discovery and development.
Lead ore is ore
Lead ores are concentrations of the lead that is normally dispersed in the crust of the Earth.
Lead oxide is a power that is made into a paste and placed into batteries.
Lead oxide is made into a dough-like material so it can be attached to the grid.
Lead oxide is used in the production of fine crystal glass.
Lead oxide is used to produce crystal glass and lead arsenate is a pesticide.
Lead oxides are used to produces fine glass to create achromatic lens.
Lead paint becomes a problem if children eat or breathe the lead paint chips or dust.
Lead paint becomes a problem when it chips or turns to dust.
Lead paint becomes harmful when inhaled as dust or ingested as paint chips.
Lead paint can be toxic.
Lead paint can cause poising in children.
Lead paint can chip and flake, eventually ending up as tiny dust particles.
Lead paint can chip, fall to the ground, get ground up on the floor and float through the air.
Lead paint can degenerate into dust and be inhaled.
Lead paint can remain in wood even after the lead has been removed with a solvent.
Lead paint is always the first suspect in domestic lead poisoning.
Lead paint is an insignificant contaminant source when compared to the industrial contamination.
Lead paint is another concern.
Lead paint is the main source of childhood lead poisoning in the United States.
Lead paint is the major source of lead poisoning in the United States.
Lead paint is the number one cause of lead poisoning in children.
Lead paint is the primary source of the dilemma.
Lead paragraph goes here.
Most lead particles remain on the surface of leaves.
A lead pencil is a pencil
Lead pencils can cause lead poisoning.
Lead pipes present a possible health hazard if the lead leaks into the drinking water.
Lead poison leads to death.
Most lead poison leads to death.
Some lead poison causes high mortality.
Some lead poison causes mortality.
Lead poisoning affects a child s developing brain.
Lead poisoning affects a child's developing brain.
Lead poisoning affects almost all organ systems in the body.
Lead poisoning affects both children and workers.
Lead poisoning affects people's minds and bodies.
Lead poisoning affects small children more than adults because of their low body mass.
Lead poisoning affects the brain, nervous system, blood and digestive system.
Lead poisoning affects the brain.
Lead poisoning affects the central nervous system and the bloodstream.
Lead poisoning affects the child's developing brain.
Lead poisoning affects young children of all economic backgrounds.
Lead poisoning afflicts many children who eat paint chips with a high lead content.
Lead poisoning arises from many products besides paint.
Lead poisoning becomes a significant health issue only after prolonged periods of exposure.
Lead poisoning becomes poisonous when the paint cracks, chips or peels.
Lead poisoning can affect a child's brain, kidneys, bone marrow, and other body systems.
Lead poisoning can affect adults but usually at much higher levels than children.
Lead poisoning can affect any cattle operation.
Lead poisoning can affect brain activity and motor skills, especially in young children.
Lead poisoning can affect the brain and the nervous system.
Lead poisoning can also affect pets.
Lead poisoning can be a serious health problem.
Lead poisoning can be either acute or chronic.
Lead poisoning can be hard to detect since there are usually no symptoms.
Lead poisoning can cause anemia.
Lead poisoning can cause brain damage and can result in impaired mental functions.
Lead poisoning can cause brain damage, hearing loss, or developmental disabilities.
Lead poisoning can cause brain damage, particularly in children.
Lead poisoning can cause damage to the kidneys, nervous system, and brain.
Lead poisoning can cause decreased intelligence and impaired behavioral development.
Lead poisoning can cause devastating damage to a child's brain, kidneys, and central nervous system.
Lead poisoning can cause growth, behavior and learning problems in children.
Lead poisoning can cause health and serious learning problems in children.
Lead poisoning can cause intelligence deficiencies and learning disabilities.
Lead poisoning can cause irreversible brain damage and can impair mental functioning.
Lead poisoning can cause learning and behavior problems and damage to the nervous system.
Lead poisoning can cause learning disabilities, behavioral disorders, and hyperactivity.
Lead poisoning can cause learning disabilities, impaired hearing, and mental retardation.
Lead poisoning can cause learning problems, brain damage and hyperactivity in our children.
Lead poisoning can cause learning, behavior and health problems in young children.
Lead poisoning can cause learning, behavior, and health problems in young children.
Lead poisoning can cause mental retardation adn birth defects.
Lead poisoning can cause permanent brain damage.
Lead poisoning can cause permanent damage to a child's brain, kidneys, and nervous system.
Lead poisoning can cause permanent damage to the brain and many other organs.
Lead poisoning can cause permanent damage to the brain or other organs.
Lead poisoning can cause serious childhood health problems and learning disabilities.
Lead poisoning can cause serious health problems for children.
Lead poisoning can cause severe health problems, especially in young and unborn children.
Lead poisoning can damage the kidneys, bone marrow and nervous system.
Lead poisoning can harm the central nervous system, the kidney and blood cells.
Lead poisoning can have reproductive and neurological effects on workers.
Lead poisoning can have serious consequences in children.
Lead poisoning can impair children's health, learning and behavior.
Lead poisoning can impair intelligence and cause behavioral problems.
Lead poisoning can interfere with critical stages in a young child's development.
Lead poisoning can last a lifetime.
Lead poisoning can lead to behavior changes and damage internal organs, especially the kidneys.
Lead poisoning can lead to mental impairment, especially when it occurs in young children.
Lead poisoning can lead to permanent brain damage, particularly among young children.
Lead poisoning can mimic iron deficiency.
Lead poisoning can occur even in unborn children.
Lead poisoning can occur from ingestion and inhalation of lead-based paint particles.
Lead poisoning can occur in every region, race, and socio-economic level.
Lead poisoning can occur when people are exposed to large or small amounts of lead over time.
Lead poisoning can reduce children's intelligence.
Lead poisoning can ruin a perfectly good body.
Lead poisoning can slow a child's development and cause learning and behavior problems.
Lead poisoning can slow a child's development and cause learning and behavioral problems.
Lead poisoning can slow a child's development and cause learning disabilities and behavior problems.
Lead poisoning can stunt growth and cause learning problem s for children.
Lead poisoning can stunt growth and cause learning problems for children.
Lead poisoning can take important abilities from a child.
Lead poisoning caused by eating paint chips is now rare.
Lead poisoning caused by ingesting shot is another hazard to the bald eagle.
Lead poisoning causes brain damage.
Lead poisoning causes muscular weakness, abdominal pain and memory loss in adults.
Lead poisoning causes nerve and brain damage in young children and other ailments in adults.
Lead poisoning causes problems with the health and development of infants and young children.
Lead poisoning causes serious health problems, but it can be prevented.
Lead poisoning causes weakness, anemia, constipation and paralysis.
Lead poisoning causes wrist drop - motor neuropathy.
Lead poisoning continues to be a problem even today.
Lead poisoning continues to be one of the world's most debilitating diseases.
Lead poisoning continues to present a major public health concern.
Lead poisoning continues to rank as the number one environmental health threat to children.
Lead poisoning continues to rank as the number one environmental threat to children.
Lead poisoning happens when there is too much lead in the body.
Lead poisoning harms children and results in increased costs to society.
Lead poisoning has irreversible effects on the mental development of children.
Lead poisoning is a chronic intoxication that is caused when lead is absorbed into the body.
Lead poisoning is a completely preventable disease.
Lead poisoning is a condition caused by swallowing or inhaling lead.
Lead poisoning is a condition that can cause health, learning, and behavior problems in children.
Lead poisoning is a disease caused by swallowing lead.
Lead poisoning is a disease caused by too much lead in the body.
Lead poisoning is a disease that occurs when too much lead builds up in the body.
Lead poisoning is a disease.
Lead poisoning is a lot different from food poisoning or sun poisoning.
Lead poisoning is a major environmental disease threatening our children.
Lead poisoning is a nationwide, environmental health hazard.
Lead poisoning is a preventable disease seen in both children and adults.
Lead poisoning is a preventable illness.
Lead poisoning is a reportable disease.
Lead poisoning is a reportable noncommunicable disease.
Lead poisoning is a serious and very common type of heavy metal poisoning in children in America.
Lead poisoning is a serious but preventable health problem.
Lead poisoning is a serious condition that can impair children's health, learning and behavior.
Lead poisoning is a serious disease caused by the ingestion of lead paint chips and dust.
Lead poisoning is a serious disease Especially for young children.
Lead poisoning is a serious environmental health hazard.
Lead poisoning is a serious health issue in Maine.
Lead poisoning is a serious health problem for young children.
Lead poisoning is a serious health problem that affects thousands of children each year.
Lead poisoning is a serious health problem.
Lead poisoning is a serious illness caused by swallowing or breathing too much lead.
Lead poisoning is a serious medical problem.
Lead poisoning is a serious problem for young children the younger the child, the greater the risk.
Lead poisoning is a serious problem for young children.
Lead poisoning is a serious problem throughout the entire state.
Lead poisoning is a threat, especially to young children.
Lead poisoning is a type of metal poisoning caused by lead in the body.
Lead poisoning is a very large problem in the United States.
Lead poisoning is a wholly preventable disease.
Lead poisoning is also a concrete health status marker of the affordable housing crisis.
Lead poisoning is an accumulative effect caused by taking more lead into the body than it can expel.
Lead poisoning is an illness
Lead poisoning is and has been a serious problem for children and some adults.
Lead poisoning is another toxicosis that deserves special mention.
Lead poisoning is associated with a variety of serious illnesses.
Lead poisoning is associated with kidney failure and liver disease.
Lead poisoning is associated with kidney failure and liver problems.
Lead poisoning is at least a partially reversible neurotoxin to the brain.
Lead poisoning is called acute if the exposure happens quickly.
Lead poisoning is caused by ingesting paint chips or dust.
Lead poisoning is caused primarily by deteriorating lead-based paint, which produces chips and dust.
Lead poisoning is dangerous to children.
Lead poisoning is diseases.
Lead poisoning is entirely preventable.
Lead poisoning is epidemic in poor neighborhoods.
Lead poisoning is especially dangerous for children.
Lead poisoning is especially dangerous in children ages six months to six years old.
Lead poisoning is hazardous to the health of people.
Lead poisoning is illnesses.
Lead poisoning is known to be particularly harmful to the mental development of children.
Lead poisoning is lead.
Lead poisoning is most common among children.
Lead poisoning is most common and most damaging in very young children.
Lead poisoning is normally treatable, though some of the effects can be permanent.
Lead poisoning is often asymptomatic and can be confirmed only by a blood test.
Lead poisoning is on the decline.
Lead poisoning is one acute threat to bald eagles.
Lead poisoning is one of the biggest environmental health hazards to children in the U.S. today.
Lead poisoning is one of the greatest threats to trumpeter swans in Minnesota.
Lead poisoning is one of the leading environmental health threats to children today.
Lead poisoning is one of the leading health threats to children today.
Lead poisoning is one of the more common poisonings in birds.
Lead poisoning is one of the most common and preventable pediatric health problems today.
Lead poisoning is one of the most common environmental health problems for children today.
Lead poisoning is one of the most common preventable diseases in the U.S. and Canada.
Lead poisoning is one of the most preventable pediatric health problems in New Jersey.
Lead poisoning is one of the most serious environmental health threats facing children today.
Lead poisoning is poisoning.
Lead poisoning is possible with prolonged use.
Lead poisoning is preventable if lead-safe policies and procedures are followed.
Lead poisoning is preventable.
Lead poisoning is relevant especially during infancy because it also affects cognitive functions.
Lead poisoning is still a big problem in the United States.
Lead poisoning is still the number one environmental hazard to children.
Lead poisoning is the greatest environmental danger facing American children.
Lead poisoning is the leading environmentally induced illness in children.
Lead poisoning is the leading preventable disease of U.S. children.
Lead poisoning is the most common environmental disease affecting children.
Lead poisoning is the most common environmental health problem affecting young children.
Lead poisoning is the most common form of poisoning in the avian species.
Lead poisoning is the nation's number one environmental health threat to children.
Lead poisoning is the number one environmental health concern for U.S. children.
Lead poisoning is the number one environmental threat to our children.
Lead poisoning is too much lead in the body.
Lead poisoning is totally preventable.
Lead poisoning is uncommon.
Lead poisoning is usually a silent disease.
Lead poisoning is very common during remodeling.
Lead poisoning is very preventable.
Lead poisoning is widespread among children.
Lead poisoning is widespread.
Lead poisoning makes people stupid and lazy.
Lead poisoning occurs mainly in poorly maintained housing.
Lead poisoning occurs only when too much lead accumulates in the body.
Lead poisoning occurs over time and is another serious hazard.
Lead poisoning occurs when an individual breathes or ingests the lead.
Lead poisoning occurs when diurnal birds of prey eat carcasses or live prey shot with lead bullets.
Lead poisoning occurs when lead is inhaled or ingested.
Lead poisoning occurs when particulate lead, or airborne lead dust, is ingested.
Lead poisoning occurs when people eat or breathe unsafe amounts of lead.
Lead poisoning occurs when the amount of lead in a person's bloodstream is too high.
Lead poisoning occurs when there is too much lead in the body.
Lead poisoning plays havoc with reproductive organs, etc.
Lead poisoning poses a challenge to the health system as well as to housing.
Lead poisoning presents a significant health risk to the public, particularly children.
Lead poisoning reaches almost every neighborhood in our city.
Lead poisoning remains a major worldwide threat to environmental health and sustainable development.
Lead poisoning remains a plague threatening young families living in older housing.
Lead poisoning remains a serious problem in children, who are more susceptible to it.
Lead poisoning remains a serious threat to the health and well-being of our nation's children.
Lead poisoning remains among the most serious environmental threats to children.
Most lead poisoning occurs when people swallow lead paint chips or breathe in lead dust.
Lead pollution can be particularly harmful to children, and can be damaging to wildlife.
Lead pollution is a particular problem in megacities of Southeast Asia.
Lead pollution is caused mainly by the exclusive use of leaded petrol.
All lead releases are to be cleaned up by personnel who have received lead awareness training.
Lead roles receive a stipend.
Most lead salts are very poisonous.
Some lead scientists describe approaches.
A lead sheet is sheet music
Lead sheets are available.
Lead shield has adjustable conventional markers and adjusts up and down for various examinations.
Lead shot can become lodged in the appendix.
Lead shot is contained in the surface soils.
Lead shot is illegal.
Lead shot is legal for dove hunting.
Lead shot is softer and more conforming.
Lead shot is toxic to wildlife and the environment.
Lead shot is used for firearms and fishing net weights.
Lead singer has some balls.
Lead singers are another story.
Lead singers tend to jump right into it when they have a good mix.
Lead smelters can also create hazardous lead pollution.
A lead story is a newspaper article
Some lead stories are available.
All lead teachers are degreed, experienced early childhood educators.
All lead teachers are highly experienced and credentialed.
All lead teachers are qualified early childhood educators.
All lead teachers have an annual formal evaluation conducted by the director of the school.
All lead teachers have degrees.
All lead teachers possess at least a bachelors degree in education or other child related field.
Lead teams are responsible for planning, coordinating, promoting and conducting a youth group event.
Lead telluride is a gray crystalline solid.
Lead telluride is used in another type of infrared sensor.
Lead time allows for design time, scheduling and unexpected conflicts.
Lead time can be long.
Lead time depends on information and size of board.
Lead time depends on the complexity and quantity of a job.
Lead time depends on wood procurement time.
Lead time is about six weeks.
Lead time is an important indicator of a cancer's aggressiveness.
Lead time is an interval
Lead time is another issue with customers and partners.
Lead time is essential.
Lead time is from three to four weeks and shipping is free.
Lead time is from three to four weeks.
Lead time is important.
Lead time is largely dependent upon the availability of our products.
Lead time is largely dependent upon the availability of system components.
Lead time is less than three weeks.
Lead time is necessary because of the application process, so plan ahead.
Lead time is one or two business days.
Lead time is one or two weeks.
Lead time is one year, but is subject to change based on demand.
Lead time is really a significant issue.
Lead time is seven days.
Lead time is six to eight weeks.
Lead time is slashed from draft to final form.
Lead time is the time between the manuscript being bought and it being published.
Lead time is therefore very important.
Lead time is time intervals.
Lead time is two weeks for re-supply of regional warehouses.
Lead time is two weeks.
Lead time is usually three weeks.
Lead time is very important when requesting assistance.
Lead time ranges from one to three weeks from receipt of order.
Lead time required to plan, prepare for, and change oil.
Lead time varies and depends on the spec.
Lead time varies but is typically a week or two, depending.
Lead time varies by manufacturer and model.
Lead time varies depending on the time of the year and our schedule.
Lead time varies from weeks to months, depending on the length of the project.
Lead time varies with a number of factors.
Lead time varies with distance and availability.
Lead times are approx.
Lead times are approximate and backorders do occur, which can add to the lead time.
Lead times are exclusive of shipment transit time.
Lead times are for first-time connections to a far end site.
Lead times are from receipt of order.
Lead times are from two to six weeks.
Lead times are long.
Lead times are longer during peak gift-giving seasons, see order form for particulars.
Lead times are much shorter with digital printing.
Lead times are on track.
Lead times are short, and quick response times are understood.
Lead times are short.
Lead times are shorter.
Lead times can be as much as ten weeks.
Lead times can be as short as a week, depending on quantities and complexity.
Lead times can take a great idea and make it lag a little.
Lead times can vary by storm category.
Lead times can vary from a few days to a few months.
Lead times change constantly.
Lead times vary depending on the season.
Lead times vary depending on the type of production requested and the current work load.
Lead times vary for special orders.
Lead times vary from a few days to a few months.
Lead times vary from course to course .
Lead times vary from several days to several weeks.
Lead times vary so please order in advance.
Lead times vary with market conditions and production capabilities.
Lead times vary with scopes with optics according to the size desired.
Lead times vary, so please order in advance.
All lead times depend on back-order lists and parts availability.
More lead time is needed for preregistration.
More lead time is recommended.
Most lead today is used in batteries for motor vehicles and communications.
Lead toxicity causes haematological, gastrointestinal and neurological dysfunctions.
Lead toxicity has neurologic, hematologic, endocrine, cardiovascular, and renal effects.
Lead toxicity is a treatable condition.
Lead toxicity is a very common problem.
Lead toxicity is recognized to be much more widespread than once believed.
Lead tungstate is extremely dense, which means that it stops most photons that reach it.
Lead vocals alternate between a disaffected woman and a nasal, adolescent-sounding guy.
Lead vocals alternate between male and female - all have nice voices.
Lead vocals are as potent and effective upon a raging scream as they are amidst a subtle croon.
Lead vocals duel with saxophone lines and then a brilliantly subtle guitar solo.
Some lead wire touches bottoms.
Lead absorbed by the body damages the brain and can cause anti-social behaviour.
Lead acetate induced morphological transformations in Syrian hamster cells.
Lead acetate, Made by dissolving lead oxide in vinegar.
Lead activates protein kinase C in immature rat brain microvessels.
Lead adversely affects the reproductive systems of both men and women.
Lead affects all organs and functions of the body to varying degrees.
Lead affects both the male and female reproductive systems.
Lead affects people's health in the same way, whether they drink, eat, or breathe it.
Lead affects practically all bodily systems.
Lead affects practically all systems within the body.
Lead alloyed with tin is the familiar solder used in plumbing and electronic applications.
Lead arises largely because water picks up lead from consumers' lead pipes.
Lead based paint and lead dust is the major cause of lead poisoning.
Lead based paint becomes dangerous when it starts to deteriorate.
Lead based paint disclosure is mandatory by federal law.
Lead based paint is a serious hazard for young children.
Lead based paint is an issue due to the possibility of children ingesting it.
Lead based paint is the most common lead hazard for preschool children.
Lead based paint remains the most common source of environmental lead exposure.
Lead blights the future of Africa's children.
Lead calm the river sound.
Lead causes anemia when it combines with red blood cells and bone marrow.
Lead causes both immediate and longterm health problems, especially with children.
Lead causes brain damage and mental and physical growth retardation in children.
Lead causes brain damage, learning disabilities and lowers IQs.
Lead causes digestive and other health problems.
Lead causes toxicity if inhaled.
Lead combines with proteins at sulfhydryl groups.
Lead comes thick and fast.
Lead commonly reacts with the heavier chalcogens.
Lead consists of the most timely and newsworthy information.
Lead continues to be a health hazard.
Lead continues to come from many other sources in our environment other than lead-based paint.
Lead damages the brain, nervous system, and kidneys.
Lead damages the central nervous system, kidneys and immune system.
Lead decreases intelligence and damages the nervous system.
Lead distributes itself though the home environment as dust sloughs off painted surfaces.
Lead draw to the left.
Lead enters a child's body mainly through ingestion.
Lead enters the body by breathing or swallowing lead dust, fume or mist.
Lead enters the body primarily through the mouth or nose.
Lead enters the body through oral ingestion or inhalation of lead dust.
Lead enters the body through the mouth or nose.
Lead enters the body when it's eaten or breathed.
Lead enters the drinking water through lead based solder used to join copper pipes.
Lead enters the human body in many ways.
Lead equals pitch under ideal conditions.
Lead follow with passing and drafting.
Lead follow-up is one of the most important aspects of the exhibiting process.
Lead forms a series of oxides, which are important compounds.
Lead forms a thin surface layer of oxide in air, which slowly changes to a basic carbonate.
Lead forms a variety of compounds and exists in the environment in various forms.
Lead gives good resistance against sulphuric acid.
Lead goes to lead goes to lead.
Lead has (part) atoms.
Lead helps paint last longer and stick better to surfaces.
Lead inhibits aminolevulinic acid dehydratase, necessary for the synthesis of heme from porphyrin.
Lead inhibits nitric oxide production in vitro by murine splenic macrophages.
Lead iodide is a dense, golden yellow, slightly soluble solid.
Lead is advantage
Lead is advantage.
Lead is angles.
Lead is as persistent as it is insidious.
Lead is but one example of a contaminant that causes illness through occupational exposure.
Lead is by far the most common contaminant of soils.
Lead is chemical elements.
Lead is evidence.
Lead is graphite.
Lead is heavies.
Lead is heavy elements.
Lead is heavy metal.
Lead is in any place where lead paint is peeling and creating dust.
Lead is in that yard, too.
Lead is in the blood stream, bones and tissues.
Lead is in the computer monitor and television picture tubes.
Lead is in the dust in homes if lead paint was used on the walls, etc.
Lead is in the monitor glass to protect users from harmful radiation.
Lead is leadership.
Lead is metallic elements.
Lead is minerals.
Lead is natural elements.
Lead is news articles.
Lead is of course the heaviest.
Lead is of particular concern during pregnancy as the mother can deliver it to the fetus.
Lead is part of card games.
Lead is part of news articles.
Lead is part of pencils.
Lead is positions.
Lead is present in all soils at a normal level.
Lead is scores.
Lead is sections.
Lead is so awfully grey and heavy, darlings.
Lead is strips.
Lead is too short.
Lead is turns.
Lead isa metal.
Lead leaches out through the paint and falls to the window sills an floors in the form of lead dust.
Lead leaching from old piping systems poses a significant health risk.
Lead make gamblign.
Lead needs assessment and workflow improvement workshop efforts.
Lead needs to be expanded to adequately summarise the article.
Lead needs to be expanded.
Lead needs to be ingested for it to cause health problems.
Lead never decomposes or goes away.
Lead occurs naturally as a sulfide in galena.
Lead occurs naturally in the environment at very low levels.
Lead occurs naturally in the environment.
Lead offers no dietary benefits to humans or animals.
Lead paint New laws require a signed lead paint warning and disclosure statement.
Lead plays a major part in our everyday lives.
Lead poses a health hazard when it becomes airborne.
Lead poses a health threat when released into the environment.
Lead poses a severe health risk to women of child-bearing age.
Lead poses an immediate health threat when ingested.
Lead poses special dangers to children age six and younger.
Lead provides no biologic benefit to the body.
Lead pupils towards the use of ratio.
Lead reduces memory, intelligence, concentration and hearing.
Lead refers to the direction in which a line goes.
Lead rein or ride.
Lead releases to the environment from production and recycling are uncertain.
Lead remains in surface waters for about two years, and up to a few hundred years in deep water.
Lead replaces iron in the absorptive pathway when iron is unavailable.
Lead rides available for younger children.
Lead searches the first paragraph of the article.
Lead severely damages the kidney and liver.
Lead simply acts as a softening agent, making glass easier to cut and polish.
Lead sounds like a movie soundtrack, complete with sound effects.
Lead sounds soar but also bark.
Lead stays in the body for a long time.
Lead stays in the body for different periods of time, depending on where it is.
Lead stays very hot long after it has solidified.
Lead stops X-rays because it has a large electron density .
Lead sulfates form on battery plates during the normal charge-discharge cycles.
Lead symbolizes weight.
Lead tastes sweet, which is why children start and continue to put it in their mouths.
Lead tastes sweet, which makes it attractive to children, especially to hungry children.
Lead tends to have a accumulative effect and quantities can build up over a period of time.
Lead tricks the body into thinking it is calcium.
Lead trusts A lead trust is, in a sense, the opposite of a remainder trust.
Lead vocals a plus.
Leads already established for endangered species and other activities remain unchanged.
Leads are a keystroke away.
Leads are a short foil strip with a small cylindrical tab on the end.
Leads are a special creature, neither fish nor fowl in the world of Disneyland employees.
Leads are also available on disk or by e-mail.
Leads are also available on floppy disk, e-mail or online.
Leads are available at the chamber.
Leads are available on either labels or disk.
Leads are available on either labels, disk or e-mail file.
Leads are available with or without phone numbers.
Leads are color coded at the base of the sensor.
Leads are essentially trails of open water through the ice.
Leads are everywhere.
Leads are exclusive to each agent.
Leads are from both private companies and from foreign governments tendering procurements.
Leads are leads.
Leads are light and easy to carry.
Leads are made with an eye splice at one end, the other end is tucked inside.
Leads are more important than ever.
Leads are one of the key components in our complete territory marketing program.
Leads are open channels of water that appear when a sheet of ice breaks apart.
Leads are soft and pliable, just right for the show ring.
Leads are specialized, thin, insulated wires that are attached to the defibrillator.
Leads are the above-mentioned cards sent in by prospective customers.
Leads are the lifeblood of any business and the same holds true for network marketing.
Leads are updated weekly and clicks are updated daily.
Leads are welcome.
Leads are wires and there are two windings for a stepper.
Leads are wires covered by soft, flexible plastic.
Leads can be anonymous.
Leads can be witty, surprising, and controversial.
Leads can come up unexpectedly in normal conversation.
Leads come in three widths, measured at the handle, the braided section is slightly wider.
Leads connect directly to most analog test sets.
Leads connect the stimulator to the switch in the shoe and the electrodes on the leg.
Leads consist of a name, address, telephone number and email address.
Leads do a lot.
Leads fight for speedy passage of Nuclear Test Ban Treaty.
Leads Find a Consultant .BIZ and .INFO Reg.
Leads generally throw draw shots with a few takeouts in between.
Leads go nowhere.
Leads go uninvestigated.
Leads have snaps at both ends allowing pet owners the option to walk one or two together.
Leads increase sales.
Leads indicate possible targets of new attacks in South America and Albania.
Leads offer navigational windows and provide opportunities for marine mammal and bird migration.
Leads piercing the skin surface are prone to infection.
Leads point to ex-cops as planners and operational kidnappers.
Leads points race after two races.
Leads pour in.
Leads print automatically with the optional printer.
Leads pull in the reader, the writing is solid and quick-paced.
Leads pupils through Militarism, Imperialism, Nationalism and the Alliances.
Leads refer to the distance goods are carried.
Leads run from the device through a vein into the heart.
Leads stop cold or go down the wrong path.
Leads target to believe caster is allied with target.
Leads tend to dry up quicker.
Leads works successfully in all channels of distribution.
Lead often attacks the child's developing brain, making it hard to concentrate or do well in school.
Lead often enters the water via the water main.
Lead often requires support by other materials.
Lead often travels with calcium.
Lead sometimes has impurities alloyed with it or coating it.
Lead usually enters the water supply after it leaves the treatment plant.
Leads usually pour into police departments within hours.
All leads are open.
All leads are pre-qualified and are people interested in receiving a quote.
All leads are time and date stamped.
All leads are worth pursuing.
All leads have a strong yet easy open snap.
All leads have brass snaps.
All leads have large numbers attached and ring tang lugs.
Any lead leaching out of the flashing is insignificant.
Any leads are highly appreciated.
Any leads are much appreciated.
Any leads are welcome.
Any leads please.
Any leads welcome.
Every lead becomes dozens of leads and every lead is one step closer to success.
Every lead comes with name, address, telephone number, time zone, and best time to call.
Every lead is our first choice.
Every lead is pre-qualified and coded according to planned activity.
Every lead turns out to be a dead end.
Many leads come from our relationships with major manufacturers and current customers.
Many leads depend on the broom stick idea.
Many leads have yet to be checked and mapped.
Many leads occur through the group.
More lead is absorbed on an empty stomach.
Most lead comes from human activities such as mining, manufacturing and the burning of fossil fuels.
Most lead is used in lead acid batteries, though.
Most lead reaches the ground through gravity and air turbulence.
Most leads are worth nothing.
Most leads have the capability of copying CDs.
Some lead conducts electricity.
Some lead has voltage.
Some leads are better than others.
Some leads are much more likely to turn into sales than others.
Some leads enter the heart through a vein, and other leads attach to the outer surface of the heart.
Some leads still come, but none has panned out.
Leaded acrylic is available in different thicknesses.
Leaded crystal can be a source of lead contamination.
Leaded eyeglasses help reduce the exposure risk.
Leaded fuel has been demonized because it destroys catalysts - it's as simple as that.
Leaded fuel is still widely used in both Thailand and Indonesia.
Leaded gas is an environmental hazard.
Leaded gas is banned in the United States.
Leaded gasoline goes on sale in selected markets.
Leaded gasoline is a gas
Leaded gasoline is gasoline.
Leaded gasoline is still the main source.
Leaded gasoline remains the most dispersive source of lead exposure.
Leaded gasoline remains the most widespread source of lead exposure.
Leaded glass adorns the saloon and galley cupboard doors.
Leaded glass has an increased refractive index, which makes it appear to be more brilliant.
Leaded glass makes it possible to watch television and use computers safely.
Leaded materials are hazardous if eaten by children.
Leaded materials are hazardous if ingested by children.
Leaded packages do no lend themselves to microwave use.
Leaded paint is toxic.
Leaded petrol is a gas
Leaded petrol is condemned to disappear.
Leaded petrol is still common in Indonesia.
Leaded soil becomes a health risk when it is ingested or breathed as soil dust.
Leaded windows are particularly susceptible in that they offer little resistance to attack.
Leaded windows contain patterned designs of colored glass.
Leader development depends heavily on personal example, environment and accountability.
Leader development is about making sense of experiences.
Leader writers love black and white, polar opposites, triumphant successes and humiliating defeat.
A leader is a person
Leader allows discussion to deviate significantly or completely from stated goal.
Leader also conducts res.
Leader approaches ground and spark surges up from ground to meet leader.
Leader are light lengths of monofilament that connect the fly to the fly line.
Leader buys owner new piece of gear if all attempts at retrieval fail AND a pint.
Leader calls out a month of the year.
Leader chooses certain shape parts to break.
Leader chooses one or two terms to search on, and asks group to analyze the resulting hit lists.
Leader completes new leader orientation session.
Leader dumps a puck into the corner and players from both lines go for possession.
Leader encourages group members to read out references in turn from their Bibles.
Leader encourages staff participation.
Leader encourages teams to remain dependent and obedient.
Leader faces audience.
Leader fails to acknowledge in any reasonable and consistent way contributions made by students.
Leader falls on ice are frequently more serious than falls on rock.
Leader gives no statement of procedures of any sort at outset.
Leader gives statement of procedures unclearly or incorrectly for discussion type chosen.
Leader goes first.
Leader handles all aspects of the campaign from content and design to delivery and tracking.
Leader has a clear vision.
Leader has an almost classical impulse to symmetry.
Leader has great power.
Leader has one or no hands on follower after lift-off.
Leader has one, they're fairly basic now.
Leader has two hands always on follower.
Leader has two hands on follower, but less margin for error.
Leader holds a broomstick parallel with the floor, at about shoulder level for the party guest.
Leader improve Savings beneath safety upon no car coat yet chosen except the source.
Leader invites reaction and discussion.
Leader is a person who tries to lead the group to their goal with hope.
Leader is added to the material if needed, and splices and sprocket holes are repaired if necessary.
Leader is admired by employees.
Leader is at L end of line.
Leader is charged with involuntary homicide in member's suicide.
Leader is continued using guidelines for good counterpoint.
Leader is only the guide.
Leader is responsible for all recreation programs and equipment.
Leader is selected for each site.
Leader is skeptical that the law did any good.
Leader is the beginning of a roll of film, which is attached to the camera's take up spool.
Leader is unavailable.
Leader is very bad.
Leader isa individual.
Leader isa person.
Leader isa somebody.
Leader isa someone.
Leader leads the rest in a spiral inwards and then back out again.
Leader likes to walk.
Leader loses lunch.
Leader maintains that their lenses have been impact safe all along.
Leader makes sure everyone participates.
Leader means first class human being.
Leader needs a good understanding of worship service.
Leader never gives orders to others, merely imparts superior knowledge.
Leader permits subordinates to function within limits defined by superior.
Leader provides necessary information and materials to staff.
Leader pushes their grade.
Leader refers to one who is called to build people and systems to accomplish a mission.
Leader repeats commands changing the number each time until there are three participants left.
Leader replaces back onto Right, follower replaces forward onto left.
Leader replaces forward onto left, follower replaces back onto right.
Leader reports sort participants by totals and game averages in nine categories.
Leader says Hi.
Leader shouts 'all clear' and the children walk around again.
Leader Sketches profiles important leaders of the period.
Leader starts a squeeze going round.
Leader starts by saying their first name and making the motion.
Leader steps back on right, follower forward on left.
Leader steps forward on left, while follower steps backward on right.
Leader takes four new tires and fuel.
Leader times the rescue operation with the stopwatch or timer.
Leader turn out is the problem.
Leader uses discussion type clearly at odds with attaining discussion goal.
Leader varies between either offer but hear rollerblades grind.
Leader wimps out on something within their grade.
Leaders abuse their influence when they use it for self-gain.
Leaders accept responsibility.
Leaders accept responsibility.
Leaders accompany each cabin group to their choice of sports, skill clinics, and other activities.
Leaders accomplish what they set out to do.
Leaders achieve power.
Leaders acknowledge demand projections.
Leaders acknowledge projections.
Leaders acknowledge that the size of their goals are determined only by the depth of their belief.
Leaders act in different ways from managers.
Leaders act with confidence.
Leaders adapt efficiently to change.
Leaders Addressing Opinion Leaders Even in cyberspace some in-crowds are more equal than others.
Leaders affiliate in all directions.
Leaders agree that reaching and ministering to families is a major priority for the local church.
Leaders align everyone in the organization with a common purpose, values and priorities.
Leaders allow enough time for people to find their place before beginning.
Leaders also augment financial rewards with nonfinancial ones.
Leaders also benefit from lifting each other up in prayer as personal needs are known and shared.
Leaders also come in unique and varied forms.
Leaders also convey a vision of the future.
Leaders also convey feedback from students to lecturers.
Leaders also eat and sleep with their groups.
Leaders also equip people to reproduce the same effect in other's lives.
Leaders also have a duty to ensure the system is democratic.
Leaders also have rankings for tactical ability, command radius, aggression and luck.
Leaders also have ranks.
Leaders also learn when to back off.
Leaders also offer telephone help with breastfeeding problems.
Leaders also organize educational evening and weekend activities.
Leaders also present clinical and practice management topics requested by individual programs.
Leaders also say that leading has become easier and more enjoyable.
Leaders also sing well-known songs and encourage listeners to sing and move along.
Leaders also translate corporate strategies into performance based results.
Leaders alternate on a voluntary basis.
Leaders analyze their underlying preconceptions about life in the worldview session.
Leaders answer to no higher authority, such as an oversight board.
Leaders anticipate risk and are willing to accept . .
Leaders appeal to the higher needs or the psychological needs.
Leaders apply lessons learned to future training.
Leaders apply their modifiers to weapon repair rolls.
Leaders appreciate that conflict often has to be expressed as a means to some desired end.
Leaders are a different member each week.
Leaders are a priceless commodity.
Leaders are a reflection of the people they lead.
Leaders are a unique combination of friend, motivational speaker, and weight loss expert.
Leaders are a very different breed.
Leaders are a walking Organiser and they can access information easily and rapidly.
Leaders are able to get by.
Leaders are able to show how tasks tie into the bigger picture.
Leaders are able to transfer their learning to their own teams.
Leaders are abstract thinkers.
Leaders are accessible and transparent.
Leaders are accountable for the organization's performance.
Leaders are accountable, through focused evaluation, for the instructional program in schools.
Leaders are adult and youth volunteers from within the parish.
Leaders are also at risk.
Leaders are also available for memorial services and baby namings, depending on their schedules.
Leaders are also great communicators.
Leaders are also responsible for future leadership.
Leaders are also the least understood piece of fly fishing equipment.
Leaders are always accountable when things go right and when things go wrong.
Leaders are always experts in the field of focus as well as experienced guides.
Leaders are always necessary.
Leaders are always well known.
Leaders are always willing to ask for help.
Leaders are among the busiest people in our society.
Leaders are anxious to keep up with the technology common to the people to whom they minister.
Leaders are anything but apathetic.
Leaders are apparently too busy to lead.
Leaders are approachable and willing to listen.
Leaders are approached with population control programs or solutions to survival-related problems.
Leaders are authentic .
Leaders are authentic.
Leaders are available for private consultation at all meetings and by telephone.
Leaders are available in many styles, but the one requirement is a high quality cross lock snap.
Leaders are aware of their impact on others.
Leaders are born, a good captain can become one.
Leaders are both confident and modest.
Leaders are both male and female.
Leaders are both old scouts and parents.
Leaders are both publicly and privately honest.
Leaders are champions for change and accept managed risk.
Leaders are change junkies.
Leaders are characters.
Leaders are charismatic.
Leaders are cheerleaders.
Leaders are chess players.
Leaders are committed to student welfare.
Leaders are concerned about the human needs of their employees.
Leaders are concerned with doing the right thing.
Leaders are concerned with enhancement and cooperation.
Leaders are confidant, trustworthy, responsible, and dedicated.
Leaders are confident.
Leaders are conservative, cautious, and focus on maintaining organizational structure.
Leaders are convinced that they are going to make a difference.
Leaders are creative and caring.
Leaders are creative.
Leaders are critical to fly fishermen and fly-fishing.
Leaders are crucial.
Leaders are dealers in hope.
Leaders are decisive .
Leaders are decisive.
Leaders are department faculty and students.
Leaders are designers, teachers, and stewards.
Leaders are directive, goal-directed, and encourage productivity.
Leaders are dream builders, change managers, and change makers.
Leaders are each committed to individual and group prayer.
Leaders are effective because of the actions they take.
Leaders are either the same strength as main lines or next line size lighter weight.
Leaders are energetic, proactive, and visionary.
Leaders are entrepreneurial, risk takers and able to build the capacity of self and others.
Leaders are essential to any team.
Leaders are everywhere from basketball court to boardroom.
Leaders are everywhere, everyday, all over the world.
Leaders are everywhere.
Leaders are Everywhere.
Leaders are extremely important in pike fishing just as they are in trout and salmon fishing.
Leaders are fallable.
Leaders are first and foremost discoverers.
Leaders are flexible rather than dogmatic.
Leaders are for leading.
Leaders are frequently the boss.
Leaders are from almost all age groups.
Leaders are gatekeepers who shape opinions.
Leaders are generalists.
Leaders are givers.
Leaders are good at giving encouragement , and they are never satisfied.
Leaders are good at giving encouragement, and they are never satisfied.
Leaders are good at giving encouragement, and they're never satisfied.
Leaders are good listeners and good communicators .
Leaders are good listeners, have compassion, are genuine and honest.
Leaders are good stewards of their time and expertise of their followers.
Leaders are great because they ask the right questions.
Leaders are ground zero for pressure and criticism.
Leaders are guardians of a nation.
Leaders are highly visible.
Leaders are honest.
Leaders are human, too.
Leaders are human.
Leaders are important because they establish the atmosphere in a church.
Leaders are important.
Leaders are in charge.
Leaders are in sort of a schizophrenic position.
Leaders are increasingly scarce.
Leaders are inherently undemocratic and socialists oppose leadership All support leadership.
Leaders are innovators and creators who rely on people.
Leaders are innovators, intent on involving stakeholders to bring about mutually beneficial changes.
Leaders are insecure in the role and are seeking prestige.
Leaders are instrumental in preparing children for more formal teaching.
Leaders are intelligent agents.
Leaders are interested in direction, vision, goals, objectives, effectiveness and purpose.
Leaders are inventive and risk-taking.
Leaders are leaders because they've mastered certain skills and qualities.
Leaders are leaders only as long as they have the respect and loyalty of their followers.
Leaders are leaders.
Leaders are learners, teachers, and developers of people.
Leaders are liable for what happens in the future.
Leaders are like eagles.
Leaders are like the conductors of orchestras.
Leaders are listeners, fueled by curiosity, ready to learn from others.
Leaders are listeners.
Leaders are located in armies.
Leaders are located in battles.
Leaders are located in companies.
Leaders are located in countries.
Leaders are located in groups.
Leaders are located in organizations.
Leaders are located in packs.
Leaders are mainly proactive, independent of management's actions.
Leaders are members of the community who volunteer their time to help young people.
Leaders are men and women of action who get things done.
Leaders are moderators and can provided idea sources.
Leaders are more effective when they support and encourage others.
Leaders are more persistent than others.
Leaders are more willing to learn about the details of a project than the average citizen.
Leaders are more willing to speak out in the heat of controversy.
Leaders are most truly democratic when they listen carefully and then design the work for the group.
Leaders are nothing without followers and followers are the same.
Leaders are now increasingly more sensitive to the whims of the public.
Leaders are now liable to be prosecuted for endangering national security and other crimes.
Leaders are now ready for a new facility to house it.
Leaders are observant and sensitive people.
Leaders are often former prisoners and take their orders from fellow gang members still in prison.
Leaders are often non-conformists who frequently question the status quo.
Leaders are often people of strong wills.
Leaders are often professional right-wingers.
Leaders are often the last to move into revival.
Leaders are often times competitive and decisive and usually enjoy overcoming obstacles.
Leaders are only effective when they effectively lead the people they're in charge of.
Leaders are only effective when they focus on getting things done through people.
Leaders are only leaders for as long as they can lead.
Leaders are only useful if they take the followers to the mountaintop, too.
Leaders are open.
Leaders are open-minded and alert for realities that differ from perceptions .
Leaders are optional, depending on line weight and where the fishing occurs.
Leaders are ordinary people who get extraordinary things done.
Leaders are part of a global network of peer visionaries.
Leaders are PART of the organization.
Leaders are participative and supportive while facilitating interaction.
Leaders are passionate for ideals and compassionate for people.
Leaders are people builders.
Leaders are people that take risks.
Leaders are people who are willing to make sacrifices in life and take extra steps.
Leaders are people who care.
Leaders are people who do the right things and managers are people who do things right.
Leaders are people who do the right things while managers are people who do things right.
Leaders are people who do the right things.
Leaders are people who make things happen in ways that command the confidence of local staff.
Leaders are people who rise to an occasion and persist until they succeed.
Leaders are people who show the way and lead by example.
Leaders are people with foresight, sensitivity, and uncompromising integrity.
Leaders are people.
Leaders are people.
Leaders are persistent.
Leaders are pieces of clear, tapered monofilament which attach the fly to the line.
Leaders are pioneers - people who are willing to step out into the unknown.
Leaders are pioneers who possess great courage to think and act anew.
Leaders are powerless without followers, but a people united can achieve miracles.
Leaders are prepared to serve.
Leaders are probably the same all over the world.
Leaders are proud of breakthrough results.
Leaders are prudent in speech, moderate in consumption.
Leaders are reactive.
Leaders are readers.
Leaders Are Readers.
Leaders are relentlessly optimistic.
Leaders are respectful, honest, trustworthy, organized, responsible, and friendly.
Leaders are responsible for effectiveness.
Leaders are responsible for organizational culture.
Leaders are responsible for the health, safety, spiritual growth, discipline, and unity of the team.
Leaders are responsible for the spirit and climate of the setting too.
Leaders are responsible for the strength and integrity of the legislative institution.
Leaders are responsible for their own morale.
Leaders are risk takers.
Leaders are role-models and planners who model the way .
Leaders are self-confidence and inspire confidence in others.
Leaders are servants and everybody in the church is a minister.
Leaders are servants chosen among the lot to be replaced at the end of a given term.
Leaders are servants first.
Leaders are simply a reflection of the purpose and direction of our lives.
Leaders are six to seven feet.
Leaders are so afraid of paradox, so afraid of uncertainty.
Leaders are sometimes able to pick up student volunteers.
Leaders are special members of our church.
Leaders are stewards of the association.
Leaders are stewards.
Leaders are strong.
Leaders are successful when they work hard.
Leaders are surprised at their own success.
Leaders are surprised to see how involved their youth get.
Leaders are taller and slower spoken.
Leaders are tenacious and unyielding in pursuit of their goals.
Leaders are the death of today and the birth of tomorrow.
Leaders are the essential element in the strategy of the game.
Leaders are the gods.
Leaders are the key to order and discipline.
Leaders are the last link.
Leaders are the leaven that bind an organization together.
Leaders are the most results-oriented individuals in the world, and results get attention.
Leaders are the ones who do the work.
Leaders are the ones who help to catalyze that shared feeling, image and set of values.
Leaders are the ones who take initiative in the group.
Leaders are the people who make something of themselves, and who bring out the best in others.
Leaders are the subjects with the greatest buzz score for a given day.
Leaders are there to coach, direct and nudge people in the direction of the goals.
Leaders are to be open, real, approachable and accountable to others.
Leaders are to be servants in sacrificially caring for the souls of the people.
Leaders are to equip the saints for the work of ministering.
Leaders are to have access to medical facts on each participant.
Leaders are to issue Doha declaration.
Leaders are to live by a higher standard than followers.
Leaders are to meet once a month to plan the program.
Leaders are to perform their duties with patience.
Leaders are to put people on to their responsibility.
Leaders are too busy to plan.
Leaders are too dominating.
Leaders are true to their values.
Leaders are twice as likely as the general public to support foreign economic aid.
Leaders are unable to join.
Leaders are unable to maneuver in the ways that are essential to bring about planned change.
Leaders are under pressure to run better meetings and to be ever more dynamic and creative.
Leaders are up front in formations.
Leaders are urgent.
Leaders are used for followers.
Leaders are used for groups.
Leaders are used for leading.
Leaders are used for respectings.
Leaders are visible and approachable .
Leaders are visible, and have to live up to high expectations.
Leaders are visionary people.
Leaders are volunteers who are available at any time to speak with a mother on the telephone.
Leaders are weaker than they used to be.
Leaders are welcome to play the piano or any other instrument.
Leaders are willing to listen.
Leaders are winners at home.
Leaders arise organically out of a population.
Leaders arrive on the scene during difficult periods of crisis when they are most needed.
Leaders ask advice.
Leaders ask candidates for the task force to submit position statements.
Leaders ask details.
Leaders ask good questions and then listen.
Leaders ask great questions.
Leaders ask questions, mothers share their experiences, babies cry and children make playful noises.
Leaders ask questions.
Leaders assess people and give impartially, by taking from the abundant and adding to the scarce.
Leaders assess, or judge, performance so they can determine what needs to be done to improve it.
Leaders assist the rider by helping maintain control of the horse by lead.
Leaders assume that bad quality is a result of bad employees.
Leaders attack the status quo.
Leaders attain change through influence.
Leaders attempt to achieve some positive outcome for the greater goodof their communities.
Leaders attend class, or have taken the class previously, and lead study sessions after each class.
Leaders attend day workshops.
Leaders attend workshops.
Leaders attract and energize followers.
Leaders avoid being problem-solvers.
Leaders basically have three ratings.
Leaders become community members.
Leaders become facilitators and coordinators, mentors and servants.
Leaders become more and more rigid, and political compromise became impossible.
Leaders begin the marketing and promotion of their class.
Leaders believe that a better society is possible.
Leaders believe that people have both present value and future potential.
Leaders believe that what they are going to be tomorrow, they are actively becoming today.
Leaders believe the participants have the ability for further growth.
Leaders believe they can make a difference.
Leaders bounce back from defeat and discouragement and persist in the face of difficulty.
Leaders break laws.
Leaders break the rules, question authority, and break down barriers.
Leaders bring expertise.
Leaders bring out the best in their people.
Leaders bring out the symbolic, culture-shaping side of the principal's roles.
Leaders build bridges.
Leaders build capacity.
Leaders build coalitions.
Leaders build it for others to live in it.
Leaders build rapport by putting the best interests of the group a head of individuals.
Leaders build sustainable infrastructures.
Leaders build teams where each individual knows they bring value.
Leaders build up their virtues by abundant knowledge of past words and deeds.
Leaders build, connect and leverage social networks to help facilitate the innovation process.
Leaders call attention to everything that signals progress, teamwork, and individual creativity.
Leaders call for prayer, justice, and mercy.
Leaders call the charge a fabrication.
Leaders calls people forward.
Leaders can accomplish their aims only after they have achieved cooperative working relations.
Leaders can act as an early warning to a fish in the event that water conditions are clear.
Leaders can add other benefits as well.
Leaders can also cause others to sin by action or inaction.
Leaders can also create their own prompts.
Leaders can also spawn events within the game.
Leaders can also work towards an achievement award or adult badges.
Leaders can also wreak havoc by overreacting to the problems brought by deflation.
Leaders can assess the completeness of the challenge and award the points.
Leaders can attend a meeting to sign up their club's events on the calendar.
Leaders can be anyone, from anywhere, at anytime.
Leaders can be anywhere in an organization.
Leaders can be closed-minded, overbearing, or too demanding.
Leaders can be dangerous, can do bold things.
Leaders can be fairly simple.
Leaders can be so threatened by the winds of change that they develop a closed style of leadership.
Leaders can change their minds.
Leaders can choose the format that works best for their group.
Leaders can choose their own routes or be given suggestions of paths on and around campus.
Leaders can collect funds at a meeting or instruct people to come into the office to pay.
Leaders can communicate a vision of organizational wellness with genuine excitement.
Leaders can contribute from their own experience on the issues.
Leaders can create laws which are enforced by police and justice system.
Leaders can delegate efficiency, yet they have to be responsible for effectiveness.
Leaders can design jobs to increase performance and job satisfaction.
Leaders can direct groups of people into waking nightmares.
Leaders can discuss drugs in general and their effects on the breastfeeding baby and mother.
Leaders can easily suppress the views of minorities.
Leaders can employ both categories.
Leaders can encourage collaboration across boundaries of structure, time, and function.
Leaders can encourage group members to discover meaningful rituals in churches they visit.
Leaders can encourage such connection by keeping communication lines open.
Leaders can even look beyond breastfeeding and find other parenting issues to praise.
Leaders can express positive sentiments and even charter a positive path.
Leaders can finish off the end by attaching and gluing to other end of clasp for the younger girls.
Leaders can give convincing, enlightening and truthful descriptions of their unique situations.
Leaders can go free.
Leaders can help others become more aware of their innate capacities.
Leaders can imagine WMDs in a desert where there is nothing much more than mirage.
Leaders can improve the combat rating of a unit, improve morale, frighten the opposition, etc.
Leaders can indeed tie their hands without ropes.
Leaders can influence and preserve the necessary level of trust.
Leaders can inspire such a vision but it can only take root when it is accepted at large.
Leaders can lead one on one.
Leaders can lead only if they are able to persuade some to follow.
Leaders can lose focus as well as individuals.
Leaders can make a difference in the way groups look at the opportunities change brings.
Leaders can make the commitments that mobilize others.
Leaders can make the personal and organizational commitments that mobilize others.
Leaders can model goal setting by sharing their own reading goals with the kids.
Leaders can move at the speed of cavalry, if stacked with cavalry.
Leaders can never lead without tears.
Leaders can never stand still.
Leaders can no longer be experts and autocrats.
Leaders can only con, promise, and hype distributors for so long.
Leaders can only convey the real meaning of their work with the voice.
Leaders can only improve group performance if they do the things that make groups work.
Leaders can only lead if called upon to do so.
Leaders can oversee projects and activities or help with overall organization.
Leaders can pick and choose which activities are appropriate for their group of girls.
Leaders can precipitate remarkable developments.
Leaders can provide a valuable service by encouraging the mother to request treatment options .
Leaders can receive training.
Leaders can refer a mother to places that rent pumps and sell needed attachments.
Leaders can request a troop link once each calendar year.
Leaders can reread earlier entries.
Leaders can resist hardening of the arteries.
Leaders can see the future.
Leaders can shape public opinion, perhaps more than they are shaped by it.
Leaders can share authority and legitimize authority in others, including in women.
Leaders can show by example that they have no hard feelings against the other country.
Leaders can skillfully manipulate the followers through sexual humiliation and general fear.
Leaders can solicit a donation of, perhaps, dinner for two at a local restaurant.
Leaders can take steps to improve levels of connectedness among their people in three ways.
Leaders can then pursue the nuanced diplomacy needed for a peaceful resolution.
Leaders can train fighting men to improve their skills.
Leaders can use it to develop subordinates.
Leaders can use it to weave a fabric of commitment throughout the organization.
Leaders can value differences as a source of strength and creativity for the organization.
Leaders can vary in length and diameter depending on the fishing situation.
Leaders can work together to address any and all class needs.
Leaders can, on one hand, influence men and women to do great things.
Leaders capitalize on the aspirations of others.
Leaders care about their employees.
Leaders carry no guns, using pepper spray and the threat of having to fill sand bags for discipline.
Leaders cease to be relevant.
Leaders celebrate the staffs and the staff members celebrate each other, in many ways.
Leaders certainly influence their followers, but followers can also influence their leaders.
Leaders challenge the status quo and provoke change.
Leaders challenge the status quo.
Leaders change rather than stabilize institutions.
Leaders change within the group during the process and that was accepted by group members.
Leaders change, friendships can fade.
Leaders choose a situation in the neighboring field and go to the field with children every season.
Leaders choose to be bold and decisive and dominate the situation.
Leaders choose where they want to go and then blaze a trail to get there.
Leaders claim to be ethical.
Leaders clarify governmental affairs without presumptuous adjudication.
Leaders clear the path.
Leaders collect followers.
Leaders combine experience with a clear vision of company direction.
Leaders come and go but the people re-main.
Leaders come and go but vision for a better future never ceases everyone's mind.
Leaders come in a wide variety but there are certain leaders for each situation.
Leaders come in all shapes and sizes and therefore attract young people of all walks of life.
Leaders come in all sizes, shapes, and colors, and with varying dispositions.
Leaders come in many different sorts.
Leaders come out from within societies and reflect the psyche of their societies.
Leaders come prepared to delve into the inner secrets of every group.
Leaders come to understand what is is to be a servant.
Leaders come up and select a word from the grab can.
Leaders commonly use several tools.
Leaders communicate culture when they act out of their character.
Leaders communicate individual requirements.
Leaders communicate through eye contact, upper body movement, or a nod.
Leaders communicate with emotion and logic.
Leaders communicate with their employees by their actions to enforce policies and procedures.
Leaders compete with speed.
Leaders compromise creatively.
Leaders concentrate in letting and nothing else.
Leaders conduct a needs assessment to direct professional development.
Leaders conduct project teams.
Leaders conduct teams.
Leaders conducting the meetings are volunteers who are experienced breastfeeding mothers.
Leaders connect the dots.
Leaders consider interaction.
Leaders consider the Tulsa program still in progress.
Leaders continually organize to ensure that goals are accomplished.
Leaders continue to push for increased funding for affordable housing at the state and local levels.
Leaders continuously assess the future to understand what opportunities lie ahead.
Leaders continuously recruit.
Leaders control aspects.
Leaders control, direct, manipulate, and prod.
Leaders coordinate large groups, and teams work together instead of shooting each other in the back.
Leaders count each time they are struck by ball.
Leaders create a vision and goals for how the organization can be successful.
Leaders create and share visions, generating strategies to bring the visions to reality.
Leaders create energy by instilling purpose.
Leaders create expectations where ownership and attainment of a goal is personal to each individual.
Leaders create leaders who create leaders who create leaders.
Leaders create more leaders.
Leaders create opportunities for participation.
Leaders create strategic alliances and partnerships.
Leaders create the environment.
Leaders create their own destiny by following their internal compass.
Leaders create their own market.
Leaders create value through relationships.
Leaders create values through communication.
Leaders create values.
Leaders dabbling in race-related humor do risk taking it on the chin.
Leaders dare to try new and innovative ideas.
Leaders deal constructively with conflict.
Leaders deal with values and correct principles.
Leaders decide an issue warrants a special task force.
Leaders decide on peace accord.
Leaders decide when our nation goes to war.
Leaders decide which history books are accurate and which are biased.
Leaders define and defend and promote values.
Leaders delegate responsibility and authority, and ensure accountability at every level.
Leaders delegate responsibility where appropriate.
Leaders delegate, give and seek constructive feedback.
Leaders demand high standards.
Leaders demand much of others, but they also give much of themselves.
Leaders demonstrate leadership by leading.
Leaders demonstrate their true selves mostly in days of hardship and crisis.
Leaders denigrate their office because they refuse to take responsibility for mistakes.
Leaders depend on their families and on members of their organization.
Leaders design their vision encompassing how and why they desire to serve and contribute to others.
Leaders desire increasing cooperation.
Leaders desperately grapple with problems for which there are no human solutions.
Leaders determine direction, managers execute it.
Leaders determine whether an organisation succeeds or fails.
Leaders develop a game plan to maximize effectiveness.
Leaders develop a unique interplay between intuition and reason.
Leaders develop and depend on members' skills and abilities.
Leaders develop and maintain plan for project.
Leaders develop certain styles of leadership.
Leaders develop different relationships with each member of their work group.
Leaders develop quantifiable goals and hold themselves accountable.
Leaders develop relationships with each member of the group they lead.
Leaders develop skills in a variety of areas grouped under four headings.
Leaders develop supporting structures, create incentives and provide resources for change efforts.
Leaders devise new directions or new ways of doing things, managers execute existing directions.
Leaders devote life.
Leaders disagree on the extent and pace of reform.
Leaders discuss possibility but voice concerns over costs.
Leaders discuss their role in patient safety.
Leaders dislike mundane tasks.
Leaders display congruency between what they value, what they say, and what they do.
Leaders display distinctive styles of behaving in relation to their followers.
Leaders display knowledge.
Leaders display technical knowledge.
Leaders distinguish beings in terms of classes and families.
Leaders do exhibit certain distinct practices when they are doing their best.
Leaders do have more responsibility than others.
Leaders do innovative and creative things.
Leaders do lead.
Leaders do more than just giving others a push.
Leaders do reality checks.
Leaders do some managing, and vice versa.
Leaders do tend to attract attention because of their success.
Leaders do that.
Leaders do the right thing.
Leaders do their homework.
Leaders do things the right way.
Leaders draw out the thinking of all the group members on a given topic.
Leaders draw upon different sources of power in order to manage their responsibilities.
Leaders dream about their work.
Leaders earn their followship in part because they symbolize the values and norms of the group.
Leaders educate the people always and protect the people without bound.
Leaders effect positive change in individuals and organizations .
Leaders effect positive change in individuals and organizations.
Leaders embody their vision in every way, living and breathing their message.
Leaders embody with integrity in their own manner of life the stories they relate.
Leaders embrace error.
Leaders emerge and become recognized as a result of their interest, commitment, and abilities.
Leaders emerge at any gradeor from within any formal or informal organization or community.
Leaders emerge based on their own merits.
Leaders emerge from the group.
Leaders emerge from the ranks of followers and often continue as followers of others.
Leaders emerge from within the structure of the informal organization.
Leaders emerge on each side.
Leaders emerge to meet the challenge.
Leaders emphasize core competencies.
Leaders emphasize different behaviors throughout roles in an organization.
Leaders emphasize problems.
Leaders employ a mental stash of dance patterns they've perfected over the years.
Leaders empower and inspire their colleagues toward collective pursuit of a vision.
Leaders empower and involve people to achieve the organization's objective.
Leaders empower no one, except themselves.
Leaders empower others by leading without power.
Leaders empower themselves to get results through others.
Leaders encourage a fun environment.
Leaders encourage and support all breastfeeding mothers.
Leaders encourage dissent.
Leaders encourage members of the school community to work toward a clearly defined mission.
Leaders encourage members with positive feedback.
Leaders encourage reflective feedback.
Leaders encourage responsibility.
Leaders encourage staff to try innovative ways of doing things .
Leaders encourage the heart so that their constituents carry on.
Leaders endure more than their followers.
Leaders energize, invigorate, stimulate, teach, mentor, support, coach, encourage, and inspire.
Leaders engage in continuous self-improvement.
Leaders ensure that public health issues are a guiding consideration in land-use planning decisions.
Leaders envision the kind of environment they wish to create.
Leaders establish direction, align, motivate, and inspire people.
Leaders establish direction, motivate followers, and achieve challenging goals.
Leaders establish numbers and measures, and consider virtuous conduct.
Leaders establish their positions by the wise use of information and the ability to transmit it.
Leaders establish unity of purpose and the direction of the organization.
Leaders everywhere can learn from projects that others have completed.
Leaders exemplify the core values and vision of our agency.
Leaders exert a wholesome influence on school and community by taking the initiative in activities.
Leaders exhaust themselves attempting to satisfy the demand.
Leaders exist in America today and existed in early American history as well.
Leaders exist only at the top of an organization.
Leaders expect and get the most out of their team.
Leaders experience massive pain.
Leaders experience relational conflicts with some people.
Leaders extract bribes on government contracts and engage in outright theft.
Leaders face adversity just as everyone else does.
Leaders face choices.
Leaders face many tough decisions.
Leaders face the challenge of resistance to change.
Leaders face the choice point offered in each moment with hope and promise.
Leaders face the congregation only during announcements, scripture readings, and the sermon.
Leaders facilitate the empowerment of others.
Leaders facilitate the identification of organizational goals.
Leaders feel a sense of urgency in whatever they do.
Leaders feel deeply about the needs they see.
Leaders feel isolated and act alone.
Leaders feel urgency.
Leaders fill in the answers, and then share why together.
Leaders find ways to reinvent, reproduce, and rebirth our campus.
Leaders fix problems.
Leaders fix what's broken when it's broken.
Leaders focus campus attention on the change issue.
Leaders focus on broader goals and objectives for the long range.
Leaders focus on economic strategies.
Leaders focus on strategies.
Leaders focus on term strategies.
Leaders focus on the horizon.
Leaders focus on the soft stuff.
Leaders follow many styles.
Leaders form a consciousness of shared values.
Leaders foster human development and value and protect differing interests.
Leaders froom the day before.
Leaders further arise because of networking with other leaders.
Leaders garner a following to pursue a cause or action with determinable results.
Leaders generally find the experience very rewarding and develop valuable skills.
Leaders generally have ready answers for every life situation.
Leaders generally tend to be older members with extensive criminal backgrounds.
Leaders generate and sustain trust.
Leaders generate voluntary commitment to shared values.
Leaders genuinely believe they are doing the right thing at the time they make their decision.
Leaders get a video and self presenting slide show to use in their groups.
Leaders get frustrated with the slow progress teams make.
Leaders get in front of the wagon to make sure it stays on the road.
Leaders get people to do their best.
Leaders get power.
Leaders get the behavior they tolerate.
Leaders get the job done and keep the group going.
Leaders get there first.
Leaders get to know new levels of sweetly taking care of the followers.
Leaders get year pins.
Leaders give a morale boost to any combat units they are stacked with.
Leaders give everyone a cause.
Leaders go back to the group without letting the other groups know whatthe word is.
Leaders go beyond the call of duty, maintain the highest standards and break through barriers.
Leaders go first.
Leaders go in and rest at sundown.
Leaders go on the attack in English debate.
Leaders guide also available.
Leaders guide others through times of transition and change.
Leaders guide the reader's eye across the page.
Leaders guide, persuade, direct, coach, counsel and inspire others.
Leaders have (part) arms.
Leaders have (part) body substances.
Leaders have (part) cell membranes.
Leaders have (part) cells.
Leaders have (part) corpi.
Leaders have (part) cytoplasm.
Leaders have (part) heads.
Leaders have (part) human bodies.
Leaders have (part) legs.
Leaders have (part) material bodies.
Leaders have (part) necks.
Leaders have (part) nuclei.
Leaders have (part) personality.
Leaders have (part) plasma membranes.
Leaders have (part) sections.
Leaders have (part) vacuoles.
Leaders have a basic obligation to maintain their foundations.
Leaders have a bias toward action.
Leaders have a bias toward doing rather than conceptualizing.
Leaders have a certain characteristic that is vital.
Leaders have a challenge here, too.
Leaders have a clear understanding of their role in the club.
Leaders have a compelling vision of the future and an ability to drive others toward it.
Leaders have a designated website area with all relevant documents, presentations and contracts.
Leaders have a flair to dare.
Leaders have a fundamental obligation to live their lives according to the principles they espouse.
Leaders have a long history of introducing more order.
Leaders have a moral responsibility to their followers.
Leaders have a positive plan and persuade others to buy into it.
Leaders have a profound effect on the attitudes of their subordinates.
Leaders have a responsibility to create a culture.
Leaders have a rigorous commitment to learning.
Leaders have a rock-solid value system which provides the glue.
Leaders have a sense of humor.
Leaders have a sense of mission and are mentors to others.
Leaders have a significant role in creating the state of mind that is the society.
Leaders have a special title or badge that makes others like to follow.
Leaders have a strong commitment to communication and education, and an active membership.
Leaders have an open door always.
Leaders have better control when they are centrally located.
Leaders have concern.
Leaders have courage and discipline and do what others only dream.
Leaders have decide to restore the rundown centre.
Leaders have different styles, different ways of communicating their message to the people.
Leaders have enormous power to motivate their people to achieve success.
Leaders have expectations that all students can learn and monitor the progress of each student.
Leaders have experience.
Leaders have faith in people.
Leaders have followers.
Leaders have full discretion to delete messages.
Leaders have incredible power to perform good or ill in people's lives.
Leaders have life.
Leaders have little time to plan long-term strategies for creating unique value for their customers.
Leaders have long-range perspective.
Leaders have long-term goals for the future.
Leaders have many qualities.
Leaders have movement and rallying troops as activities for their own piece to do.
Leaders have much to offer breastfeeding mothers in both normal and unusual situations.
Leaders have no costs.
Leaders have no fear because they believe in themselves and their vision.
Leaders have numerous demands on their limited time.
Leaders have possibilities.
Leaders have potential for great good or great evil.
Leaders have power, influence, and the ability to move the community.
Leaders have power.
Leaders have responsibilities in many areas.
Leaders have responsibility.
Leaders have rights.
Leaders have short tenures.
Leaders have that quality that inspires others to follow.
Leaders have the opportunity to promote spiritual development of youth.
Leaders have the parental position to the members.
Leaders have the power to turn humans into liabilities or assets.
Leaders have the power to turn our planet into a wasteland, or into a beautiful garden.
Leaders have the privilege and responsibility of going first.
Leaders have the responsibility to denounce violence, strip it of legitimacy, stop it.
Leaders have the right to give orders, but to give the right orders.
Leaders have the self-confidence necessary to trust.
Leaders have the wisdom to understand that self-mastery comes one day at a time.
Leaders have their head in the clouds and their feet on the ground.
Leaders have themselves.
Leaders have to be aware that they are already old-fashioned when they get to the top.
Leaders have to be creatively crazy, and they have to encourage craziness.
Leaders have to be living emblems of what they represent, what they stand for, what they believe in.
Leaders have to be seen to be consistent.
Leaders have to be very open.
Leaders have to change.
Leaders have to create a climate in which individuals can act on their own to get things done.
Leaders have to create an atmosphere in their shop to make people want to be there.
Leaders have to create an environment that is hospitable to the truth.
Leaders have to find the job, keep the job, and stay balanced while they have the job.
Leaders have to know their job and show it.
Leaders have to know when to change the style they use, to have folks follow.
Leaders have to lay out a concept and see what their amazing group of people can do.
Leaders have to move ahead of their constituencies - and then persuade their nations to catch up.
Leaders have to pay attention to implementation.
Leaders have to play even when it means making mistakes.
Leaders have to sell a peace plan.
Leaders have to step up to the plate.
Leaders have to take responsibility for what goes on in the operating environment.
Leaders have to win blue-chip accounts and expect employees to behave up to a certain standard.
Leaders have to work for a year to be eligible for the options.
Leaders have two customers.
Leaders have unique challenges and experiences.
Leaders have very few ways to convince employees that a change is for real.
Leaders have virtual hypnotic-like control over followers.
Leaders have vision and live that vision.
Leaders head discussions with their party caucus to formulate a common position on pending issues.
Leaders help a church toward health, if they themselves are healthy.
Leaders help build clear processes for realizing opportunities and solving problems.
Leaders help individual efforts add up to something.
Leaders help members explore options for accomplishing goals.
Leaders help other students with dance steps and assist with costume ideas and preparation.
Leaders help people achieve that goal.
Leaders help people to see themselves better than they are.
Leaders help people understand and make sense of their circumstances.
Leaders help select and organize all aspects of the chapter's activities.
Leaders help to shape the culture of an organization through key decisions and symbolic actions.
Leaders here believe the other states are the ones barking up the wrong tree.
Leaders here provide people with feedback.
Leaders here seem to be very receptive to what Ohio has to offer.
Leaders hide behind position to keep the seekers of trust at arm's length.
Leaders hold development interviews at least once a year with every employee.
Leaders hope to affirm old alliances, forge new ones, and council on the greater matters.
Leaders hope to find enough money to add more seats next year.
Leaders hope to have the text of the treaty in shape before the negotiations endSaturday.
Leaders identify the most effective role their organization can play.
Leaders ignite the lights that push back the darkness.
Leaders immersed in incremental change often fail to step back and look at the big picture.
Leaders implement approaches.
Leaders incite mobs, which can attack other faction's counters.
Leaders include employees.
Leaders incorporate components.
Leaders incorporate research in program planning and decision making.
Leaders incorporate the spiritual disciplines into their walk.
Leaders increase their effectiveness and portability by being life-long learners.
Leaders influence culture mostly by appeals to the expressive side of human nature.
Leaders influence discipleship, and that's why being a godly leader is important.
Leaders influence other members of a group to a specified goal or set of goals.
Leaders influence people to follow a course of action through persuasion or example.
Leaders influence through vision.
Leaders inspect team for training evolution.
Leaders inspire a shared vision, they don t command commitment.
Leaders inspire action.
Leaders inspire and point the direction.
Leaders inspire as well.
Leaders inspire others to their best efforts in order to do better, to attain higher purposes.
Leaders inspire people while managers set polices that buy loyalty.
Leaders inspired by our work are more inclined and more capable of thinking in a futures context.
Leaders introduce balance budget rules.
Leaders introduce rules.
Leaders invariably seek much more substantial perks.
Leaders invent themselves.
Leaders invest in the lives of the girls through teaching, discipling, and prayer.
Leaders invite differences of opinion.
Leaders invite suggestions, feedback, and critique.
Leaders involve constituents because it makes for smarter decisions.
Leaders involve staff in setting goals.
Leaders involve stakeholders in vision development.
Leaders keep in the forefront of their minds that people want to be themselves.
Leaders keep in touch with their trainees by holding follow-up meetings.
Leaders keep on trying.
Leaders keep perspective on the humanity of their organizations.
Leaders keep their eye on the future and continually find new ways to think about their business.
Leaders keep their eyes on high goals.
Leaders know and respect differences in individual ability and motivation.
Leaders know how to communicate, for example, and they find a way to win.
Leaders know how to dismantle fear.
Leaders know how to get what they out to want.
Leaders know how to let both grow.
Leaders know how to listen.
Leaders Know How to Listen.
Leaders know how to motivate and assemble the team to reach the goals of the group.
Leaders know how to take charge without being bossy.
Leaders know importance.
Leaders know people.
Leaders know that an organization is either improving or declining.
Leaders know that emotions are the means to manipulate.
Leaders know that everything is timing and timing is a complex concept.
Leaders know that no one does their best when feeling weak, incompetent, or alienated.
Leaders know that they can accomplish their aims through people.
Leaders know the more they control others the less likely they are to excel.
Leaders know the success stories and accept the challenges.
Leaders know their people s needs.
Leaders know their people, their families, their goals, their abilities and their dreams.
Leaders know themselves well, their strengths and weaknesses.
Leaders know what's important, and try to do something about it.
Leaders know when it's their time to lead.
Leaders know when to leave.
Leaders know why.
Leaders lack timely, accurate and compelling information in a usable form.
Leaders laud preparations for Games Their day started with a serenade by a local torch singer.
Leaders lead .
Leaders lead because they can and because they do.
Leaders lead by being just.
Leaders lead by being led.
Leaders lead by example by always working on improving the processes in their control.
Leaders lead by example, sisters pray, writers inform and educate, and promoters promote the cause.
Leaders lead by example.
Leaders lead by persuasion, example, and consensus.
Leaders lead from a spiritual center.
Leaders lead from the front.
Leaders lead more by influence than by position.
Leaders lead people, and they have a vision of where they want to go.
Leaders lead people.
Leaders Lead small weekly English conversation groups for migr adults.
Leaders lead their followers to the fulfillment of their potential.
Leaders lead through example.
Leaders lead through stories.
Leaders lead with soul.
Leaders lead without being heard.
Leaders lead, by definition.
Leaders lead, no matter what their current job description is today.
Leaders learn about the patrol method.
Leaders learn agreement building skills as supplemental tools for reaching policy agreements.
Leaders learn from one another.
Leaders learn from the past, focus on the present, and prepare for the future.
Leaders learn from their failures and try again.
Leaders learn more about the duties and roles of the different positions of the pack.
Leaders learn skills.
Leaders learn survival skills.
Leaders learn the skills to both provide support and act as mediators.
Leaders learn through reflective experience.
Leaders learn to absorb complaints.
Leaders learn to heed the voice within .
Leaders learn to spark change in others and reinforce continued improvement.
Leaders learn to use their minds by hard, straight, clear thinking.
Leaders learn what it's like to be poor.
Leaders leave and products eventually get replaced.
Leaders leave our world alone.
Leaders leave the door of possibilities wide open.
Leaders leave, strangers appear, and a new family is formed every year.
Leaders like to talk about the specifics of when and how much.
Leaders listen both to what people say and how they express themselves.
Leaders listen intently.
Leaders listen to people and then act on what they have heard.
Leaders Listen to their Intuition.
Leaders listen to what all constituent groups are saying.
Leaders Live An audio library of our discussions with top executives.
Leaders live balanced lives.
Leaders live honest lives.
Leaders live in the gap between vision and community.
Leaders live personal lives of integrity.
Leaders live without a safety net.
Leaders locate individual and vehicle fighting positions.
Leaders look at telecommuting from a business perspective.
Leaders look for and network with other leaders.
Leaders look for new methods and greater resources of people and dollars.
Leaders look for the bottom line.
Leaders look for vulnerable flanks, gaps in lines, or lulls in enemy fire.
Leaders look forward to conflict as an opportunity for psychological growth.
Leaders look in the mirror of personal accountability every morning.
Leaders lose their answers in new territory.
Leaders lose too much time grappling with poor writing.
Leaders love people.
Leaders love the thrill of the hunt, and have a deep belief in the cause.
Leaders love wacky people.
Leaders maintain flow.
Leaders make a conscious choice to lead.
Leaders make choices.
Leaders make civic noise and create positive change.
Leaders make decisions.
Leaders make decisions.
Leaders make declarations of willingness to discuss peace, national reconciliation.
Leaders make meaning.
Leaders make mistakes.
Leaders make old things new, and make new things.
Leaders make people feel valued.
Leaders make people want what the leader wants.
Leaders make senses.
Leaders make sure that employees are doing the right thing.
Leaders make the decisions and plan for the general welfare of the organization.
Leaders make the difference in business through high performance and innovation.
Leaders make the most of the present.
Leaders make the right things happen when they are supposed to.
Leaders make their own flight and hotel arrangements.
Leaders make things easier for their followers by taking on the hard things themselves.
Leaders make things happen.
Leaders make things make sense to the people in their organization.
Leaders make tough choices about the direction of their communities.
Leaders make tough decisions.
Leaders make unexpected connections.
Leaders make wrong decisions.
Leaders manage operations.
Leaders manage the dream.
Leaders manage themselves and lead others.
Leaders manage transitions and the tension that exists between what is and what can be.
Leaders manifest a growing awareness of their sense of destiny.
Leaders matter-a lot.
Leaders maximize their strengths and minimize their weaknesses.
Leaders may have appearances.
Leaders meaningfully impact the lives of young girls and help change the world.
Leaders meet for quick meeting that night, set time up.
Leaders meet in some of Canada's most inspiring nature.
Leaders model appropriate instructional strategies.
Leaders model what they expect of others.
Leaders motivate by giving ownership of processes and their outcomes.
Leaders motivate others through shared vision and values.
Leaders motivate their employees .
Leaders motivated by their hearts are persuasive.
Leaders move closer to the front.
Leaders move forward Leaders are always moving forward toward their objectives and goals.
Leaders never cease to be students. . .
Leaders never give up.
Leaders never speak for all of their communities.
Leaders never speak out.
Leaders never stop thinking about their work, even while sleeping.
Leaders never wait to see if they're followed.
Leaders normally coordinate directly with the battalion staff.
Leaders nourish the dream by keeping each person fully aware of an organization's purpose and goals.
Leaders now understand and participate in quality management themselves.
Leaders observe performance, then evaluate the quality of what they see.
Leaders occupy the next level and make decisions concerning specific projects.
Leaders only have to have the willpower and readiness to cooperate.
Leaders open themselves to criticism.
Leaders operate with the same guidelines as all employees.
Leaders opt for authority more than for power.
Leaders organize communities.
Leaders organize study groups to research issues and solutions.
Leaders ought to have appropriate training in moving-water safety and rescue.
Leaders owe a certain maturity.
Leaders owe a clear statement of the values of the organization.
Leaders owe a covenant to the corporation or institution, which is, after all, a group of people.
Leaders owe it to their employees to demonstrate recognition.
Leaders owe people space, space in the sense of freedom.
Leaders owe the corporation rationality.
Leaders participate in a credit-bearing training program.
Leaders pay attention to their own growth.
Leaders pay paranoid attention to solving problems.
Leaders perceive advocates to be partisan.
Leaders pick projects that are relevant to their particular community.
Leaders place a heavy reliance on the grievance procedure and the contract negotiations process.
Leaders plan activities so that kids with different types of disabilities can take part.
Leaders plan and carry out activities with troop.
Leaders plan and implement innovative programs that are based on successful models.
Leaders plan for change over the long term.
Leaders plan time for input and dialog from stakeholders before decisions are made.
Leaders play a dual role in creating an environment that supports collective creativity and renewal.
Leaders play a vital role in providing support and fostering a girl's self-confidence and maturity.
Leaders play on Kind Planet.
Leaders pledge action on economy Links to more Africa stories are at the foot of the page.
Leaders point the way and provide direction.
Leaders ponder how to wrap up lame-duck session.
Leaders possess a key strategical and tactical abilities enhancing the units' abilities.
Leaders possess a sound understanding of their own culture as well as knowledge of other cultures.
Leaders practice patience.
Leaders predict who'll win.
Leaders prefer large sums of money in their budget over our basic freedoms.
Leaders present actual work issues concerning group failures and successes.
Leaders produce customer service and generate a team of people who support and nurture each other.
Leaders produce more profitable businesses.
Leaders Produce quality risk analysis comparing upside to downside and costs to benefits.
Leaders promise opportunity to grow and develop and succeed.
Leaders promote open communication and clear vision of the organization's future.
Leaders protect their people and hold the team together in the face of problems or mistakes.
Leaders provide a challenge.
Leaders provide a clear sense of direction.
Leaders provide adequate resources and guidance.
Leaders provide ample opportunities.
Leaders provide critical operations funding and much-needed financial networking.
Leaders provide direction and motivation to pursue the overall mission.
Leaders provide direction.
Leaders provide examples, direction, mentoring, modeling, spiritual guidance, teaching.
Leaders provide feedback to acadmic staff, either through the co-ordinator or directly.
Leaders provide motivational prompts, followed by quiet space for writing.
Leaders provide regular opportunities for discussions and input from staff, students, and parents.
Leaders provide scope for development.
Leaders provide solutions and answers.
Leaders provide students opportunities for group planning, brainstorming, and problem solving.
Leaders provide the larger vision and inspire others to help accomplish the mission.
Leaders provide vision.
Leaders provide workshops.
Leaders puff themselves up and walk boldly.
Leaders put achievement first.
Leaders quote verbatim from LLLI-approved sources about the specific drug of concern .
Leaders radiate full chain purpose.
Leaders raise armies.
Leaders realize problems.
Leaders realize that each one who speaks up represents thousands who agree but stay silent.
Leaders receive a higher salary.
Leaders receive a scored summary of responses.
Leaders receive an additional hour.
Leaders receive an additional sum.
Leaders receive instructional material and support for running their own workshops nationwide.
Leaders receive special training.
Leaders receive training in how to lead peer reviews.
Leaders recognize accomplishments and celebrate creativity.
Leaders recognize achievements.
Leaders recognize contributions that others make.
Leaders recognize other people's contribution to common goals.
Leaders recognize properties.
Leaders recognize roles.
Leaders reduce the interval between soldiers and between units to make sure they cans ee each other.
Leaders refuse to accept the stagnant state that is prevalent among the brotherhood.
Leaders reinforce and discipline behavior to guide subordinates development.
Leaders reinforce and reward success.
Leaders reinforce the sharing of ideas and effective practices among all staff.
Leaders rely on power based on their charisma.
Leaders remain fully accountable for any and all screwups.
Leaders replicate their health.
Leaders represent the biggest change in going light.
Leaders represent the organization in coalitions and in regional and national organizations.
Leaders resist the temptation to shut down new entry opportunities for newcomers.
Leaders respect and celebrate differences in ethnicity, gender, age and culture.
Leaders respond positively to negative situations.
Leaders revel in surrounding themselves with people who are smarter than they are.
Leaders revert to their power-wielding former selves.
Leaders rise and fall rapidly.
Leaders rise from smaller groups.
Leaders rise, gain top prestige and influence, lose it, die.
Leaders run activities.
Leaders say it's just an excuse farmers have invented to get cheaper workers.
Leaders say Pathfindering is the most rewarding form of service.
Leaders say racism played a role in nuclear charges of scientist .
Leaders say that's now on a fast track.
Leaders say the city s appeal stems from affordable housing and a good quality of life.
Leaders say there is a shortage of high school ag teachers.
Leaders say they are determined to weed out opportunists.
Leaders say they have at least three options.
Leaders say they needed more flexibility to reward good performance.
Leaders say they plan to eliminate most of the local regulations.
Leaders search the world for the best possible leadership style.
Leaders see change as an opportunity to help their people and organizations reach their potential.
Leaders see the long view.
Leaders see the opportunity to impact the workplace.
Leaders see the total picture.
Leaders see the whole picture and articulate that broad perspective with others.
Leaders see things through the eyes of their followers.
Leaders seek and are employed or elected to a position.
Leaders seek creative solutions, outside the grievance and negotiations processes.
Leaders seek out discomfort zones to automatically gain new experiences.
Leaders seek out leadership opportunities pertinent to their training, skills, and preferred style.
Leaders seek the common good when most of society is chasing self-interests.
Leaders seek to engage everyone to become increasingly self-directed and personally accountable.
Leaders seek to establish an agenda, while managers plan and budget.
Leaders seek to wisely and unselfishly invest their lives in making a difference in how things are.
Leaders select their battles carefully.
Leaders send nonverbal as well as verbal messages.
Leaders serve a five-year term and are elected during class meetings held at reunion.
Leaders serve as learning role models.
Leaders serve as role models by reinforcing the values and encouraging leadership at all levels.
Leaders serve as role models for the new culture.
Leaders serve as role models.
Leaders serve on committees, as liaisons, on hospital boards and in the community.
Leaders set a direction rather than planning and budgeting and motivate rather than control people.
Leaders set examples by behaving in ways that are consistent with shared values of the group.
Leaders set high but achievable expectations.
Leaders set higher standards.
Leaders shape the future.
Leaders shape workplace affective events.
Leaders share expertise in shaping the agenda for women and their families.
Leaders share ideas.
Leaders share information with the membership.
Leaders share power.
Leaders share responsibility.
Leaders share their personal experiences rather than advise or lecture.
Leaders shirk responsibility.
Leaders shore people up from taking responsibility.
Leaders show the way in an environment of mutual respect.
Leaders show their commitment by involving themselves in developing, using and improving the system.
Leaders show up in the most likely and unlikely places.
Leaders shuld keep session notes to share at the roundtable form at the end of the workshop.
Leaders sign on.
Leaders sign peace accord in Paris.
Leaders signal their goals, intentions, and attitudes through their expressions of moods.
Leaders simply learn from mistakes and encourage others to do the same.
Leaders speak freely and share their feelings openly.
Leaders speak in ordinary language.
Leaders speak on behalf of their party colleagues to the national press.
Leaders speak out on issues impacting our everyday lives.
Leaders speak to the press and negotiate with targets.
Leaders speak truth.
Leaders spend the week after staff training planning and preparing for their first session.
Leaders spread a long blue plastic cloth painted with fish across the intersection.
Leaders stack for free.
Leaders stand for certain ideals and principles which become the cornerstones of their very being.
Leaders stand for their vision in the midst of cultural mixed messages.
Leaders stand out by being different.
Leaders stay facing center.
Leaders stay involved when they find acceptance among friends with similar interests.
Leaders stay long enough for the change to take hold.
Leaders step forward in every walk of life.
Leaders stick with the team.
Leaders struggle for godly integrity exactly here.
Leaders struggle for solutions as hopes wane for an accord with Israel.
Leaders succeed through the efforts of their people.
Leaders succeed, fail, return and recover, often many times in the course of a career.
Leaders supervise and evaluate staff for individual growth, development, and results.
Leaders support and facilitate.
Leaders support members in their efforts to create service, educational, and social programs.
Leaders symbolize what the country stands for.
Leaders tackle the less tangible but more critical aspects of team building.
Leaders take a lot of flack from nonbelievers.
Leaders take a positive stand.
Leaders take action and have an effect on their community.
Leaders take action during training to ensure controls are enforced and improved where necessary.
Leaders take actions.
Leaders take broader risks.
Leaders take care of their people .
Leaders take control and charge ahead.
Leaders take head counts to help predict the outcome of upcoming votes.
Leaders take people from here to there.
Leaders take people from today into tomorrow.
Leaders take people to better places.
Leaders take personal risks, showing courage.
Leaders take places.
Leaders take responsibility for their choices.
Leaders take responsibility for themselves and for the community.
Leaders take risks, see the benefits of change, and promote a shared vision.
Leaders take risks.
Leaders take the long-term view, they understand that results can take time.
Leaders take time to creatively solve problems.
Leaders take time to CUT OUT the article.
Leaders take time to SEND the article to other leaders in the organization.
Leaders talk about results.
Leaders talk about their career paths and professional experiences with the students.
Leaders talk about up to date topics and issues that teens face today.
Leaders talk little.
Leaders talk of prayer and healing, but only for others.
Leaders teach and disciple children in a small-group setting.
Leaders teach the Bible with an emphasis on the gospel.
Leaders teach, train and counsel.
Leaders tend to also be good team builders.
Leaders tend to appeal to others in the way that they themselves are most motivated.
Leaders tend to appear out of the masses when they are needed most.
Leaders tend to be on the heavy side.
Leaders tend to be spontaneous risk-takers.
Leaders tend to define themselves by their work, rather than by who they are.
Leaders tend to get busy.
Leaders tend to lie about what happened if decision is wrong.
Leaders tend to run in packs, so the best stocks usually come from the top groups.
Leaders tend to take their followers from one place to another.
Leaders tend to want to keep a tight grip on policy formulation.
Leaders test everything they do.
Leaders then meet for a brief time of discussion, evaluation and prayer.
Leaders there agree that consolidation and diversification are the tools for survival.
Leaders think beyond today.
Leaders thrive in circumstances where their particular leadership qualities are called for.
Leaders throw the ball into the centre of the room aiming to hit the players below the knees.
Leaders thus arouse the people to nurture virtue.
Leaders to achieve exceptional performance.
Leaders to achieve performance.
Leaders to address issues.
Leaders to develop strategies.
Leaders transmit their own beliefs in their visionary stories through vivid and optimistic language.
Leaders treat people as unique individuals.
Leaders treat themselves as a leadership resource.
Leaders trust and support individuals to make informed decisions about the processes that they own.
Leaders trust one another, respecting the work each does.
Leaders trust others and value their insights.
Leaders trust their intuitions.
Leaders trust their own judgement.
Leaders Trust their people, their decisions, their intuition.
Leaders try to change what people value or how they feel.
Leaders try to rise above office politics.
Leaders turn dreams into reality.
Leaders turn people on.
Leaders typically have more expertise and the ability to point the direction.
Leaders typically meet with youth weekly throughout the traditional school year.
Leaders ultimately experience a deep sense of loneliness amidst their success.
Leaders understand actions.
Leaders understand business.
Leaders understand how to inspire people to find creative ways of enhancing performance.
Leaders understand power in a different way.
Leaders understand stakeholder symmetry.
Leaders understand that commitment and perseverance begin with vision.
Leaders understand that communication begins with positive self-talk.
Leaders understand that leadership is a relationship.
Leaders understand that their own vitality determines the vitality of their followers.
Leaders understand that time moves on and that times change.
Leaders understand the balance of work with other life priorities - largely family and recreation.
Leaders understand the importance of vision, planning, listening and facilitating.
Leaders urge restraint.
Leaders use a variety of communication techniques.
Leaders use accurate feedback to improve and rectify circumstances within their control.
Leaders use both actions and words to get things done.
Leaders use computers to influence, persuade, and inform people everyday.
Leaders use fear of or actual punishment to keep members in line.
Leaders use leader points to issue orders to soldiers.
Leaders use music as another medium to teach Biblical truths.
Leaders use power as means of attaining group goals.
Leaders use power in influencing group behavior.
Leaders use teaching materials prepared with the girls in mind.
Leaders use techniques.
Leaders use the diagnostic screens to solve problems and equip others.
Leaders use the helping skills to become more effective in working with youth.
Leaders use the training standards given in the appropriate manual for the individual tasks.
Leaders use their heads.
Leaders use their heart as well as their head.
Leaders vacillate about intentions of the adversary.
Leaders value the development of others.
Leaders Visit our online registration.
Leaders voice a spirit of resignation.
Leaders vow to end racist wave of church arson.
Leaders vow to reestablish diplomatic ties.
Leaders Walk The Talk.
Leaders wield power.
Leaders win loyalty by leading in a direction people want to follow.
Leaders work alongside the others to model a dynamic partnership of collaborative work.
Leaders work double overtime to keep it from happening.
Leaders work for children They are leaders who care about children.
Leaders work for the people.
Leaders work in a variety of organizations and in many different functional areas.
Leaders work ON the System.
Leaders work with inspiration while managers work with perspiration.
Leaders always encounter problems in the workplace.
Leaders always get the credit - and the blame.
Leaders always go first.
Leaders always make time to work the phones.
Leaders always operate beyond the realm of certainty.
Leaders always set goals.
Leaders always worship the most current of frontiers, something of value tomorrow.
Leaders often become targets of scrutiny and sometimes criticism.
Leaders often believe it is content which drives others to decisions.
Leaders often disagree on important issues, and often there is no clear-cut answer.
Leaders often emerge or are chosen on the basis of spiritual gifts.
Leaders often fail because they choose to set goals that are realistic or within our capabilities .
Leaders often find themselves alone in making such decisions.
Leaders often focus on the negative because problems demand attention.
Leaders often generate conflict.
Leaders often have internal red lines.
Leaders often have spiritual functions as well as responsibility for organizing the social system.
Leaders often implement lessons learned in case discussions.
Leaders often redirect questions back to the group for further clarification or support.
Leaders often say they have a team when in fact they have a committee or a small hierarchy.
Leaders often serve as lightning rods.
Leaders often start out frustrated by the way things are.
All Leaders adhere to a Strict Code of Conduct.
All Leaders agree to and follow through on their appointed jobs.
All Leaders are equal.
All leaders are learners.
All leaders are professional.
All leaders are under the direction of the church.
All leaders are welcome at both meetings.
All leaders are welcome.
All leaders are, in a way, singers.
All leaders become corrupt to some degree despite their own good intentions.
All leaders earn their power day to day.
All leaders encounter crisis.
All leaders generate profits.
All leaders have different styles of leadership .
All leaders have exciting stories to tell and deep reflections to share after the tour.
All leaders have four parts.
All Leaders have it.
All leaders have the ability to serve others, and a true leader does.
All leaders have to do is encourage such a member to keep practicing sincerely.
All leaders have vision.
All leaders hit pit road for tires and gas.
All Leaders know who is responsible for each job.
Any leader always has to keep one eye on their back.
Any leader knows the anxiety of that dilemma.
Every leader deals with just two things.
Every leader does good things and bad things.
Every leader does.
Every leader has a special responsibility to set a positive example.
Every leader has their own identity, there own strengths and weaknesses.
Every leader has to be harnessed.
Every leader has to find a desert somewhere for retreat and reflection and renewal.
Every leader has to speak to the issue of attainment of the corporate objectives.
Every leader is a learner .
Every leader is a politician, but very few politicians are leaders.
Every leader is also a follower.
Every leader is dependent upon others in the accomplishment of successful endeavors.
Every leader is under a microscope.
Every Leader knows the value of long-term members.
Every leader needs to have a right hand man.
Every leader receives glowing reports from the field.
Every leader receives the core materials, and each is trained in a specialized discipline.
Every leader sets the tone and pattern of the meeting in the earliest minutes.
Every leader wants to have a staff that works together as a team.
Many Leaders also work very hard helping to put on the fair.
Many leaders are all too willing to rely on others' generosity and energy to meet common needs.
Many Leaders are devout in their chosen faiths.
Many leaders are first generation believers who have had a radical conversion.
Many leaders attend special training sessions.
Many leaders attending CYWC are volunteers with little to no formal training.
Many leaders begin to long for the peaceful, calm waters along the bank.
Many leaders consider the housing opportunity a bonus.
Many leaders fail to come back and assess the counseling and provide feedback to the subordinate.
Many leaders follow their desire for power, their greed and their own interests.
Many Leaders generously offer comfort to the mother by listening and empathizing.
Many leaders get their first leading experience at gyms.
Many leaders give lip service to collaboration.
Many leaders grant amnesties to prisoners at the festival.
Many leaders have an incomplete understanding of what a shepherd actually does.
Many leaders have little or no training in the process.
Many leaders know how much of their time they are spending on the quality improvement process.
Many leaders love their position more than their people.
Many leaders plea with officials to stop the media and other groups from antagonizing the situation.
Many leaders recognize that trustworthy organizations have higher employee retention.
Many leaders say the same.
Many leaders see it as unspiritual or non-relational.
Many leaders seek a formula for handling conflict.
Many leaders struggle with introducing rapidly changing technological innovations into schools.
Most leaders accept responsibility.
Most leaders achieve power.
Most leaders acknowledge demand projections.
Most leaders acknowledge projections.
Most leaders also develop a strong relationship with the professor.
Most leaders are committed, but they often are unsure of how to move their commitment to action.
Most leaders are familiar with a chaplain's traditional duties.
Most leaders are going to recognize there is power in prayer.
Most leaders are less than systematic in their theology of the church.
Most leaders are too busy doing and trying to achieve that they never take time to learn and grow.
Most leaders ask advice.
Most leaders ask details.
Most leaders attend day workshops.
Most leaders attend workshops.
Most leaders believe that people are willing to change only in times of crisis.
Most leaders break laws.
Most leaders bring expertise.
Most leaders come from being a deputy leader.
Most leaders conduct project teams.
Most leaders conduct teams.
Most leaders consider interaction.
Most leaders control aspects.
Most leaders create values.
Most leaders develop detailed visions of what the hope to accomplish in a day and even a year.
Most leaders devote life.
Most leaders display knowledge.
Most leaders display technical knowledge.
Most leaders do.
Most leaders emphasize problems.
Most leaders err by stressing one side of shepherding over the other.
Most leaders face choices.
Most leaders fail to devote enough time thinking long-term.
Most leaders fall somewhere between the two extremes.
Most leaders feel there is an integrity issue in church planting.
Most leaders feel urgency.
Most leaders focus on economic strategies.
Most leaders focus on strategies.
Most leaders focus on term strategies.
Most leaders get power.
Most leaders have a keen interest in other people.
Most leaders have a strong sense of strategy, and know where they are leading their companys.
Most leaders have at one time or another.
Most leaders have concern.
Most leaders have experience.
Most leaders have life.
Most leaders have power.
Most leaders have responsibility.
Most leaders have rights.
Most leaders implement approaches.
Most leaders incorporate components.
Most leaders introduce balance budget rules.
Most leaders introduce rules.
Most leaders know importance.
Most leaders learn skills.
Most leaders learn survival skills.
Most leaders love to make strategy, but it is vision and values that spawn strategic action.
Most leaders make choices.
Most leaders make decisions.
Most leaders make senses.
Most leaders make tough decisions.
Most leaders make wrong decisions.
Most leaders manage operations.
Most leaders organize communities.
Most leaders provide workshops.
Most leaders raise armies.
Most leaders realize problems.
Most leaders recognize properties.
Most leaders recognize roles.
Most leaders run activities.
Most leaders share ideas.
Most leaders share power.
Most leaders share responsibility.
Most leaders spread their efforts too thin.
Most leaders start at the bottom.
Most leaders struggle with how to lead, but few ever ask.
Most leaders take actions.
Most leaders take places.
Most leaders tend to be more comfortable with one style of leadership more than another.
Most leaders tend to do one more than the other.
Most leaders tend to exhibit behaviors from both styles.
Most leaders understand actions.
Most leaders understand business.
Most leaders use techniques.
Some leader now acts as resource person for training farmers.
Some leaders accept shawls and, later on, present it to some other leader.
Some leaders also credit the law for bringing new ideas, culture and a more diversified population.
Some leaders appear on television.
Some Leaders are always late to their own meetings.
Some leaders are cautious and unlikely to follow orders to engage enemy troops.
Some leaders are good at marketing and sales, others at creating and innovating products.
Some leaders are great in large groups, but fail miserably in personal relationships.
Some leaders are like banyan trees.
Some leaders are secular while others are pro-Islamic.
Some leaders are the carriers of misperceptions.
Some leaders are the champion of limiting ideas.
Some leaders assign a book to be read.
Some leaders attend conferences.
Some leaders avoid responsibility.
Some leaders become heads.
Some leaders become presidents.
Some leaders benefit from perspective.
Some leaders choose to reveal very little information about problems in an organization.
Some leaders complete questionnaires.
Some leaders control situations.
Some leaders demand that members live apart form everyday society in communities called communes.
Some leaders despise their own citizens.
Some leaders develop successful ministries at the expense of their families.
Some leaders discover market opportunity.
Some leaders discover new market opportunity.
Some leaders discover opportunity.
Some leaders do take a heavily pedagogical approach, which is generally how their groups like it.
Some leaders do their own hands-on inspection before their people depart.
Some leaders eat diets.
Some leaders eat healthy diets.
Some leaders embrace inconvenient truth.
Some leaders embrace truth.
Some leaders enjoy attending all events with their troops.
Some leaders entice followers with the offer of a formula for success and wealth.
Some leaders explain to reporters.
Some leaders express appetite.
Some leaders express fear.
Some leaders express little appetite.
Some Leaders feel more at ease with a highly structured meeting plan.
Some Leaders feel that fundraising takes time away from our mission.
Some leaders find it helpful to distinguish the notes from their first and second readings.
Some Leaders find the conversation style discussion more naturally suited to their personalities.
Some leaders get heavy-handed as a poor substitute for skillful assertiveness.
Some leaders grasp it intuitively.
Some leaders have charm and personality but lack an inner core.
Some leaders have earlier requirements noted in their event listings.
Some leaders have special times of the day that they prefer to lead.
Some leaders help employees.
Some leaders hire yachts or canal boats for weekend or week holidays.
Some leaders hold hands.
Some leaders hold services.
Some leaders influence by being charismatic.
Some leaders inherit countries.
Some leaders inherit rich countries.
Some leaders join forces.
Some leaders just let the culture go off course.
Some Leaders keep log sheets on a clip board by the phone.
Some leaders know ability.
Some leaders lead armies.
Some leaders lead ways.
Some leaders lose their punch because they finally got the leadership spot they've always wanted.
Some leaders meet as often as once each month.
Some leaders meet at a museum, restaurant, etc to car-pool.
Some leaders move from crisis to crisis.
Some Leaders pause to offer the idea for group discussion.
Some leaders point out hosts.
Some leaders possess values.
Some leaders read reports about great things that happened in a South American city.
Some leaders realize ability.
Some leaders receive education.
Some leaders recognize ability.
Some leaders recognize diversity.
Some leaders recognize human diversity.
Some leaders recommend against a joint network bank account.
Some leaders reject possibility.
Some leaders scramble to retain or regain their positions as major providers of education.
Some leaders see death.
Some leaders see every form of mental illness, for example, as an evidence of demon possession.
Some leaders see fire.
Some leaders see only numbers, their wealth, or their image as important.
Some leaders see responses.
Some leaders serve as chief ministers.
Some leaders serve as ministers.
Some leaders serve markets.
Some leaders shape the times they lived in and other leaders are run by the events of history.
Some leaders share ambitions.
Some leaders simply occupy a position.
Some Leaders squirrel away special toys and activities for use during telephone calls.
Some leaders struggle with fear, discouragement or depression.
Some leaders submit letters.
Some leaders suffer entire life.
Some leaders suffer from a messianic complex.
Some leaders suffer life.
Some leaders suggest that it is the rate of change creating confusion rather than change itself.
Some leaders take charge of the followers and give orders on what needs to be accomplished.
Some leaders take years before letting their followers see a crack in their holy armor.
Some leaders treat patients.
Some leaders use arms.
Some leaders work with consultants.
Some leaders work with organizations.
Some leaders write books.
Some leaders write history, and some make it.
Leaders today have to be healers and unifiers.
Leadership development calls for repeated assessments and repeated opportunities for training.
Leadership development can become a theme for a wide range of activities outside the classroom.
Leadership development continues.
Leadership development encompasses all the other components.
Leadership development is a career long effort rather than simply one training seminar or program.
Leadership development is a central element of effective community development and youth service.
Leadership development is a cornerstone of Jesuit education.
Leadership development is a dynamic process requiring interaction among students and instructor.
Leadership development is a focal point of IWMF programs around the world.
Leadership development is a gradual process.
Leadership development is a lifelong process.
Leadership development is a lifetime process.
Leadership development is a major goal that permeates all our training.
Leadership development is a never-ending process, continuing as long as the learner wishes.
Leadership development is a powerful lever for organization and cultural change.
Leadership development is a process that extends over many years.
Leadership development is a strategic necessity.
Leadership development is a vital key.
Leadership development is a well-known component of successful organizations.
Leadership development is achieved through disaster response and community training opportunities.
Leadership development is an essential part of the education of university students.
Leadership development is an important part of the whole person.
Leadership development is built into our programs for children and teens.
Leadership development is emphasized.
Leadership development is evaluated through execution of basic military skills.
Leadership development is focus of training.
Leadership development is fostered through participation in campus and community organizations.
Leadership development is fundamental to healthy, growing churches.
Leadership development is important in an organization.
Leadership development is integral to the vision of campus ministries.
Leadership development is often a continuing education topic for professional associations.
Leadership development is one focus for new collaboration.
Leadership development is one of the benefits of being an active member in our organization.
Leadership development is one of the major components of Greek membership.
Leadership development is one of the most sensitive tasks for an organization's staff.
Leadership development is stressed along with technical areas of study.
Leadership development is the primary focus of our new Hispanic missions.
Leadership development is ultimately personal development.
Leadership development is viewed as an important part of efforts to improve the community.
Leadership development is woven into virtually every aspect of a midshipman s four years here.
Leadership development is woven into virtually every aspect of a midshipman's four years here.
Leadership development is yet another focus.
All leadership development is about personal development.
Leadership dynamics are tough enough between people of the same race.
Leadership education includes drill and ceremonies, discipline, human relations, and citizenship.
Leadership education is for everyone.
Leadership education is most effective when it is contextually grounded.
Leadership initiative happens when a leader directly contacts people to serve.
Leadership initiatives promise to increase the supply of outstanding principals.
Leadership position requires strong organizational skills and attention to detail.
Leadership positions are available in each area.
Leadership positions are available to both sexes equally.
Leadership positions are complex.
Leadership positions are important.
Leadership positions are open for contested elections each spring.
All leadership positions are available to both sexes equally.
Any leadership position is, by necessity, one of serving others.
Leadership qualities are at a premium.
Leadership qualities are important for every supervisor and manager to have in a company.
Leadership qualities are important for party chief and other supervisory positions.
Leadership qualities are necessary, And the ability to instruct and guide is a requirement.
Leadership races are all the same in some respects.
Leadership skill become the vehicle by which the leader achieves given objectives.
Leadership skill is as important as communication skill.
Leadership skills are also a strong plus.
Leadership skills are always in short supply.
Leadership skills are among the top skills sought by employers.
Leadership skills are an asset.
Leadership skills are critical at every level of organizing and advocacy.
Leadership skills are critically important in construction.
Leadership skills are essential.
Leadership skills are good.
Leadership skills are identifiable and teachable, related to but distinct from issue expertise.
Leadership skills are important.
Leadership skills are life skills.
Leadership skills are necessary in any organization.
Leadership skills are of critical importance to agribusiness firms today.
Leadership skills are paramount.
Leadership skills are the oldest and most effective management tool at our disposal.
Leadership skills are vital to all academic and community institutions.
Leadership skills become the next biggest obstacle to ownership.
Leadership skills become the vehicle by which the leader achieves given objectives.
Leadership skills can create relationships between individuals that go beyond the enterprise.
Leadership skills can help mobilize people and resources.
Leadership skills continue to be developed.
Leadership skills develop through experience and over time.
Leadership skills develop when the barriers to effectively communicate are lowered.
Leadership skills vary from good judgement to convincing skills.
Leadership studies is more than just a major or minor.
Leadership studies is more than just a major.
Leadership studies stress communication skills and cadet corps activities.
Leadership study builds on the first year and examines different leadership styles.
Leadership style is of critical importance.
Leadership styles are the strategies used by leaders to direct subordinates.
Leadership styles consists of both directive and supportive behavior.
Leadership styles create tension.
Leadership styles vary from person to person.
Leadership theories provide the basis for study of leadership functions.
Leadership theory is used to inform the discussion about each leader identified and studied.
Leadership training can also be an effective tool to build committee effectiveness.
Leadership training develops a volunteer ethic and spirit fundamental to American society.
Leadership training develops parents as teachers and coaches of other parents.
Leadership training includes seminars and conventions, at which there are leadership trainers.
Leadership training is also available.
Leadership training is an important aspect of advance training in the martial arts.
Leadership training is an important aspect of advanced level training in the martial arts.
Leadership training is an investment in people.
Leadership training is available through membership as well.
Leadership training is available to teach students how to become leaders.
Leadership training is offered to student leaders through on and off campus conferences.
Leadership training is provided along with military skills training.
Leadership training is provided for cadets as they reach, or aspire to, such positions.
Leadership training is provided for council members and others who desire it.
Leadership training is provided to interested individuals free of charge.
Leadership training is provided, along with military skills training.
Leadership training is strong.
Leadership training occurs throughout it all.
Leadership training produces results quickly.
Leadership Training Workshops Back to top.
All leadership training is applicable to entry-level managerial positions in civilian industry.
More leadership training is needed at all levels .
Leadership abilities Excellent communication skills Excellent negotiation skills.
Leadership according to the gifting Each person's giftings defines their leadership expression.
Leadership achieves a shared vision.
Leadership adds realism and makes thing interesting.
Leadership affects both foreign relations and internal stability.
Leadership also discusses how churches can function in an age of rampant individualism .
Leadership also enters into the equation for some of our higher awards.
Leadership also is used to bargain with NPCs.
Leadership also means making unpopular decisions that have a long term goal in mind.
Leadership also means setting the example in duty.
Leadership also means working collaboratively with others and addressing environmental issues.
Leadership also means working with a variety of stakeholders in a situation.
Leadership also occurs continuously in informal groups, communities and other unorganized settings.
Leadership also offers a free email newsletter.
Leadership also requires communication.
Leadership also requires the ability to organize and manage in order to achieve an objective.
Leadership approaches for managing school related services within a multidisciplinary context.
Leadership asymmetries in mixed-age children's groups.
Leadership attracts the best talent while top expertise helps win mandates.
Leadership based on personal power is tough.
Leadership Be a servant to others.
Leadership becomes a completely different thing.
Leadership becomes a way of life.
Leadership becomes centered on enduring shared values.
Leadership becomes corrupt.
Leadership begins by setting a good example.
Leadership begins first by setting a direction , developing a vision.
Leadership begins from the inside out.
Leadership begins in the home, but it extends to every sphere of life.
Leadership begins in the mind and the heart, and it works itself out in everyday life.
Leadership begins to sprout at a very young age.
Leadership begins with a belief in the possibility of a better society.
Leadership begins with a simple dream.
Leadership begins with people.
Leadership begins with self-leadership.
Leadership belongs to all human endeavors.
Leadership borrow Cage alongside few scenarios within whatever curtain.
Leadership breeds all other ingredients mentioned and more.
Leadership breeds enthusiasm.
Leadership brings out the creativity of the individual and inspires courage.
Leadership brings with it the responsibility to win.
Leadership calls for additional qualifications.
Leadership Calls for Continuing the Intifada.
Leadership calls for power, and power calls for cooperation.
Leadership calls for respect.
Leadership can be a body of people who lead a group or the ability to lead.
Leadership can be a helpful servant or a debilitating nightmare.
Leadership can be an elusive quality to pin down.
Leadership can be an exceedingly lonely calling.
Leadership can be and often is a burden that becomes heavy with time.
Leadership can be either positive or negative.
Leadership can be flawed and misleading, like false prophets.
Leadership Can Be Key.
Leadership can be lonely.
Leadership can be the most frustrating of all sometimes.
Leadership can bring a community back to health and harmony and stop the tragedy of violence.
Leadership can bring authority, power and respect.
Leadership can bring the best or the worst out of people.
Leadership can come from anyone, at any level of an organization.
Leadership can come from anywhere.
Leadership can come from elected representatives or ordinary citizens.
Leadership can come from many places.
Leadership can come from years of suffering in studios.
Leadership can emerge from several members simultaneously.
Leadership can emerge from the most unlikely places.
Leadership can feel demanding and isolating but results in a sense of belonging and community.
Leadership Can guide and direct others to obtain objectives.
Leadership can happen at various levels of an organization.
Leadership can make a difference.
Leadership can make the difference between success and failure.
Leadership can motivate and de-motivate.
Leadership can only lead if they hear the voices of the members.
Leadership can only lead when they have a group of dedicated followers.
Leadership can overcome shortcomings in resources.
Leadership can provide such a voice.
Leadership can rotate by the clock, by the task at hand.
Leadership can take many forms.
Leadership can take place in the smallest of instances.
Leadership can therefore take many different forms appropriate to the respective field.
Leadership carries clout.
Leadership certainly plays a vital role, but individual team member attitudes make the difference.
Leadership challenges for city officials.
Leadership challenges for human services administrators.
Leadership chooses whatever is the right thing to do .
Leadership comes at all levels of the military.
Leadership comes from being responsible for a system somewhat bigger than a bread box.
Leadership comes from many levels and directions.
Leadership comes from people.
Leadership comes from personal example.
Leadership comes from simple, unexpected places.
Leadership comes from the top down.
Leadership comes in all shapes and sizes, it takes courage because of the evitable rejection factor.
Leadership comes in all shapes and sizes.
Leadership comes in many different forms, and functions in many different ways.
Leadership comes in many packages that are delivered through many messages.
Leadership comes into it only in deciding what direction to pursue or what changes to make.
Leadership comes more naturally to some than others, but all can improve.
Leadership comes with a lot of debts to the future.
Leadership comes with responsibility.
Leadership connotes a longer-term view.
Leadership consists of both integrative and designative forces.
Leadership conveys a broader mission than management.
Leadership creates a certain separation from one's peers.
Leadership creates momentum and movement while management creates control and stability.
Leadership creates power.
Leadership deals with feelings.
Leadership deals with people and effectiveness.
Leadership deals with vision, effectiveness, and results, focusing on people.
Leadership Defines the roles of a leader, and how they work in the context of the volunteer world.
Leadership definitely involves creating a vision and sticking to it because of ones character.
Leadership demands active participation to move the company vision forward and enable realization.
Leadership demands careful attention to detail and reflection on the real public interest.
Leadership demands constant innovation, literally leading the market into the future.
Leadership demands continuous innovation.
Leadership demands courage, vision and integrity.
Leadership demands courage.
Leadership denotes authority.
Leadership depends on followers.
Leadership depends on the ability to make people want to follow .
Leadership deserves a premium and high expectations deserve high expectations.
Leadership determines everything.
Leadership determines how a company is perceived in the marketplace.
Leadership determines outcomes, and our society needs leaders with good character.
Leadership determines the direction of the company.
Leadership determines the success of the organization.
Leadership differs with the leader , the group , and the situation .
Leadership distributes resources.
Leadership does involve courage.
Leadership does make a difference in the life of a society and in the course of history.
Leadership does matter.
Leadership does take skill.
Leadership drives the organization.
Leadership earns the right to lead through serving.
Leadership emerges as or after they join forces to achieve the goal.
Leadership encompasses a learned set of knowledge, skills, and attitudes .
Leadership encompasses a learned set of knowledge, skills, and attitudes.
Leadership encompasses many of the fundamental currents of human experiences.
Leadership entails influencing.
Leadership equals vision and judgment to achieve effectiveness.
Leadership eventually boils down to influencing others.
Leadership exists on a continuum from managing self to managing others to managing the organization.
Leadership exists only at the top of an organization.
Leadership experience a plus.
Leadership explicitly implies influence on the market.
Leadership exposes one to attacks, jealousies and ridicule.
Leadership fails when the motivation is personal glory.
Leadership fights to be leadership.
Leadership finally get the message of what the people are saying.
Leadership Find an article about a legislative issue.
Leadership finds solutions.
Leadership flourishes at all levels and in all sectors.
Leadership focus for alumni-public speaking and mastery of state political process.
Leadership focuses more on transformation than improvement.
Leadership focuses on behavioral issues.
Leadership focuses on building the long-term capacity of the organization.
Leadership focuses on doing the right things.
Leadership focuses on hard and soft issues and on personal leadership stories.
Leadership focuses on human interactions while management is interested in process and results.
Leadership focuses on the top line.
Leadership further demands that the leader set the example in moral and ethical behavior.
Leadership gets the job done.
Leadership gives knowledge to the people for preservation of their family and nations foundations.
Leadership gives people a sense of confidence.
Leadership gives people a sense of power, hope, and makes things happen.
Leadership gives unrelentingly attention to the calibre of teaching and learning.
Leadership Giving Begin a family tradition.
Leadership goes beyond management - to inspiration.
Leadership goes right to . . .
Leadership grows in an environment of serving, following, teaching, modeling, and envisioning.
Leadership grows when an initiative is driven and owned by the population.
Leadership happens in two ways.
Leadership has a funny way of changing outlook.
Leadership has a harder job to do than just choose sides.
Leadership has a lot to do with inviting people to the vision.
Leadership has a multiplying effect.
Leadership has a transformational element.
Leadership has an elusive, mysterious quality about it.
Leadership has both internal and external qualities.
Leadership has many elements to it, but they are all interrelated and affect one another.
Leadership has much to do with serving others.
Leadership has no necessary conection with position.
Leadership has no necessary connection with position.
Leadership has the courage to embrace change.
Leadership has the responsibility for setting the example here.
Leadership has to be involved.
Leadership has to be made of sterner stuff.
Leadership has to do with how people are.
Leadership has to have substance to sustain it.
Leadership has to model skills to foster an environment of change.
Leadership has to pay attention to leading rather than be leaders.
Leadership has to recognize what the limits are.
Leadership has two articles on hospitality.
Leadership has vision of the future.
Leadership help Readers through some wives alongside a persons.
Leadership Help to protect all rights and privileges guaranteed by law.
Leadership helps design the 'social architecture' capable of building intellectual capital.
Leadership helps volunteers and paid staff fulfill the organizational mission.
Leadership here refers to the ability to direct and guide.
Leadership implies almost absolute power held by the leader.
Leadership implies teamwork.
Leadership includes books on leadership that use the same metaphor.
Leadership includes helping others to contribute to team goal.
Leadership includes instilling leadership in others.
Leadership includes managing diversity and instructing others to do the same.
Leadership includes managing meaning, which requires skill and risk-taking.
Leadership includes such topics as models of service, training approaches and supervision.
Leadership includes taking charge, exhibiting authority, and exerting influence.
Leadership involves a lot more than chemistry.
Leadership involves a powerful psychological relationship between the leader and the led.
Leadership involves a set of skills that are learnable.
Leadership involves attitudes, skills, and knowledge that can be learned.
Leadership involves change and vision.
Leadership involves community building.
Leadership involves convincing and enthusing others.
Leadership involves flexibility, orientation to values, and openness to change and new ideas.
Leadership involves getting out front and taking chances for the Kingdom.
Leadership involves getting out front and taking risks.
Leadership involves getting people to tackle tough problems, and it is a skill that can be learned.
Leadership involves having a vision and a sense of direction.
Leadership involves helping people see the world differently.
Leadership involves inducing change, and it takes skill , intentionality, and persistence.
Leadership involves inspiring, informing, and reassuring people that it is possible to make change.
Leadership involves launching into uncharted waters.
Leadership involves long-term investments in people and enduring relationships of trust and respect.
Leadership involves making a commitment to a future vision and bringing that vision into reality.
Leadership involves making unpopular decisions for the common good.
Leadership involves standing for core principles as well as building coalitions.
Leadership involves taking an organization where they want to go.
Leadership involves taking risks, as well as teaching, guiding and directing of others.
Leadership involves the ability to bring about a desired change or action from or with others.
Leadership involves too much work and too much risk.
Leadership is a big issue.
Leadership is a big quality that everyone has and there is a wide range of variations.
Leadership is a broader process than management.
Leadership is a business of the heart.
Leadership is a choice.
Leadership is a complex dynamic.
Leadership is a complex phenomena.
Leadership is a complicated thing.
Leadership is a concept of owing certain things to the institution.
Leadership is a concept that allows for both horizontal and vertical applications.
Leadership is a concern to all.
Leadership is a conjunction of good ideas and good character.
Leadership is a constant process, and so is leader development.
Leadership is a continual demand for performance.
Leadership is a cooperative responsibility shared by the administration, staff, and parents.
Leadership is a critical element of workgroup success.
Leadership is a critical element.
Leadership is a crucial aspect of fraternity life.
Leadership is a delicate balance between respect, control and motivation.
Leadership is a demanding job, especially of the political variety.
Leadership is a desirable, sought-after role.
Leadership is a developmental process that requires training.
Leadership is a developmental process.
Leadership is a double-edged sword.
Leadership is a dynamic process learned through experience.
Leadership is a dynamic process.
Leadership is a form of service.
Leadership is a function of a community.
Leadership is a function of the leader's motivation, skills, style and level of conceptual ability.
Leadership is a function of vision and change.
Leadership is a fundamental requisite for success in today's global economy.
Leadership is a fundamental skill in health care.
Leadership is a generous thing.
Leadership is a gift.
Leadership is a great idea whose time, in most big companies, has yet to come.
Leadership is a greatness game.
Leadership is a group process.
Leadership is a journey.
Leadership is a Journey.
Leadership is a key element in our future success as individual members of our profession.
Leadership is a key element in the development of a comprehensive food safety policy.
Leadership is a key issue in contemporary organizations.
Leadership is a key principle in leading congregational change.
Leadership is a key qualification as well as involvement in civic or campus activities.
Leadership is a key role in becoming a teacher.
Leadership is a learned behavior.
Leadership is a learned skill.
Leadership is a learned trait and it starts with the coach.
Leadership is a learning strategy.
Leadership is a lifelong development process.
Leadership is a lifestyle.
Leadership is a lonely spot sometimes.
Leadership is a lost art.
Leadership is a main criterion for the scholarship.
Leadership is a major part of effective change.
Leadership is a many-splendored thing.
Leadership is a matter of influencing others towards some goal or objective.
Leadership is a matter of intelligence, trustworthiness, humaneness, courage, and sternness.
Leadership is a matter of priorities.
Leadership is a means.
Leadership is a mission.
Leadership is a mix of knowledge, values, skills, and behaviours.
Leadership is a monthly series on public television exploring issues in educational leadership.
Leadership is a multi-faceted talent.
Leadership is a necessary kind of social action at work, in the community, within the family.
Leadership is a necessary part of being an effective supervisor.
Leadership is a necessary part of every organization.
Leadership is a necessity that communities require in order to accomplish their vocation.
Leadership is a never-ending quest to lead a team to victory.
Leadership is a pathway towards empowerment.
Leadership is a people sensitive skill.
Leadership is a personal discipline, and when applied correctly, affords the ability to lead people.
Leadership is a position.
Leadership is a potent combination of strategy and character.
Leadership is a practice.
Leadership is a privilege and a responsibility.
Leadership is a process of getting things done through people.
Leadership is a process of influencing others toward the achievement of goals.
Leadership is a process of interaction that occurs between leaders and followers to determine goals.
Leadership is a process of mutual influence directed at achieving purposeful results.
Leadership is a process that any person can perform.
Leadership is a quality of the service relationship between designers and clients.
Leadership is a quality that can be developed in all students.
Leadership is a quality that is highly sought out by the business community.
Leadership is a quality.
Leadership is a quintessential segment of each movement.
Leadership is a quintessentially American idea, but it has recently suffered multiple challenges.
Leadership is a rare and difficult gift since it often requires risking failure to achieve success.
Leadership is a rare quality.
Leadership is a rare skill.
Leadership is a real driver of corporate profits.
Leadership is a relation-based activity.
Leadership is a relationship which celebrates diversity and thrives on collective involvement.
Leadership is a responsibility shared by all members of the organization.
Leadership is a responsibility with fewer rules than grand expectations.
Leadership is a role played by one person in a group.
Leadership is a satisfying and challenging job.
Leadership is a self-referral process.
Leadership is a service to others or to community.
Leadership is a set of practices that can be learned and productively applied.
Leadership is a set of skills that anyone can acquire.
Leadership is a set of skills that can be taught and learned.
Leadership is a shared phenomenon.
Leadership is a shared responsibility among staff members.
Leadership is a shared responsibility, focused on achieving the organization's vision and mission.
Leadership is a shared responsibility.
Leadership is a skill and an art.
Leadership is a skill like any other that can be developed over time.
Leadership is a skill that can be developed and nurtured.
Leadership is a skill that can be improved with practice.
Leadership is a skill that can be learned like any other skill.
Leadership is a skill that can be learned.
Leadership is a skill that can be taught, cultivated, and ultimately shared with others.
Leadership is a skill that directly connects to the real world.
Leadership is a skill that is practiced constantly.
Leadership is a skill that most gifted students possess.
Leadership is a skill which can be learned.
Leadership is a skill, just as surgery and sales and computer programming are skills.
Leadership is a skill, which can be learned.
Leadership is a spiritual act.
Leadership is a storytelling problem.
Leadership is a strategic weapon and essential to all business strategies.
Leadership is a team effort, everyone contributes.
Leadership is a tenuous fancy.
Leadership is a three-way relationship among leaders, constituents and concepts.
Leadership is a tough thing - an almost impossible thing without willing and committed followers.
Leadership is a trait that some people possess naturally.
Leadership is a trait which requires both physical and mental maturity.
Leadership is a transformation process.
Leadership is a tremendous burden to bear.
Leadership is a trust.
Leadership is a two-way street, loyalty up and loyalty down.
Leadership is a uniquely executive function.
Leadership is a valuable commodity, a matter of supply and demand.
Leadership is a very fragile concept.
Leadership is a very nebulous concept.
Leadership is a very undemonstrated, misunderstood, underutilized force in our country.
Leadership is a vitally important topic.
Leadership is a way for leaders to help people discover their creative potential.
Leadership is a wonderful, rewarding ministry.
Leadership is a wondrous thing and in short supply in all endeavors, no less so in newspapers.
Leadership is a word spinning through today's conversations.
Leadership is a word that is spinning through today's conversations.
Leadership is ability.
Leadership is able to influence and motivate others.
Leadership is about becoming.
Leadership is about being agents of change.
Leadership is about being clever, hard-working, and drawing the best work from a team.
Leadership is about being in touch with a new reality and bringing that reality into being.
Leadership is about being on the lunatic fringe.
Leadership is about bring complementary members to form a more powerful team.
Leadership is about building trust through shared purpose, vision, and shared values.
Leadership is about change, about making choices to bring about positive change.
Leadership is about change, and change is about taking risk.
Leadership is about changes.
Leadership is about coaching and empowering.
Leadership is about communicating vision, or more simply, dreams of what is possible or imagination.
Leadership is about continuous quality improvement.
Leadership is about coping with change.
Leadership is about creating an environment where other people can succeed.
Leadership is about creating the future.
Leadership is about effectiveness and results.
Leadership is about empowering others to reach their full potential.
Leadership is about getting things done and helping people reach their potential.
Leadership is about having a vision . . .
Leadership is about having a vision and communicating that vision to every employee.
Leadership is about having energy.
Leadership is about how to manage people - with honesty, truth, care and compassion.
Leadership is about keeping in touch with our values, integrity and character.
Leadership is about leading.
Leadership is about living our values and optimizing the natural dynamics of the living system.
Leadership is about making hard decisions.
Leadership is about making things happen.
Leadership is about more than just business.
Leadership is about more than numbers on a page.
Leadership is about motivating others to follow, perform, and achieve.
Leadership is about much more than mobilizing a workforce to achieve output objectives.
Leadership is about nurturing and enhancing.
Leadership is about obligations, which each newly elected student has a duty to maintain.
Leadership is about partnership.
Leadership is about people and change.
Leadership is about people.
Leadership is about personal character.
Leadership is about principles and beliefs.
Leadership is about reaching out and caring from the heart.
Leadership is about reducing fear and increasing hope.
Leadership is about responsibility.
Leadership is about serving others.
Leadership is about setting direction, aligning constituencies and motivating and inspiring.
Leadership is about setting standards.
Leadership is about taking a stand and living with the consequences.
Leadership is about taking responsibility.
Leadership is about the ability to influence, to have an impact, the ability to master change.
Leadership is about the identification of that absolute outcome.
Leadership is about treating the exercise physiology college graduate as professionals they are.
Leadership is about trust.
Leadership is about vision, independence and having the skill to carry out that vision.
Leadership is about volunteeringto contribute to the success of the organization or community.
Leadership is above the fray.
Leadership is absent from the political arena.
Leadership is action by anyone that influences others to follow.
Leadership is action.
Leadership is active and energetic.
Leadership is activities.
Leadership is all about defining a structure and contract that everybody's comfortable with.
Leadership is all about doing the right things.
Leadership is all about influencing the affairs of the world.
Leadership is all about learning caring, leading, laughing, and respecting.
Leadership is all about trust.
Leadership is also a matter of making a difference.
Leadership is also a topic of both theoretical and practical significance.
Leadership is also about accepting responsibility and passing along praise.
Leadership is also about discretion.
Leadership is also about influencing people by providing purpose, direction and motivation.
Leadership is also about responsibility.
Leadership is also confused with authority or position.
Leadership is also different.
Leadership is also important.
Leadership is also involvement.
Leadership is alway personal.
Leadership is always a moral act.
Leadership is always about the future and about the actualization of a worthy and shared vision.
Leadership is always by the consent of the majority.
Leadership is always representative of a class.
Leadership is always top notch.
Leadership is always unidirectional.
Leadership is always, always, always personal.
Leadership is an abstract noun, participant is a concrete one.
Leadership is an act of self-selection.
Leadership is an active process requiring an adventurous spirit and innovative attitude.
Leadership is an activity that everyone participates in on a regular basis.
Leadership is an activity
Leadership is an adventure of consciousness.
Leadership is an ageless topic that has been studied from many different viewpoints.
Leadership is an ambiguous term.
Leadership is an application-based class that meets every day during fifth period.
Leadership Is An Art - An ethical, means based, approach to organizational change.
Leadership Is an Art - minimalist link to amazon.
Leadership is an art .
Leadership is an Art .
Leadership is an art as well as a skill, make no mistake about it.
Leadership is an art that requires self-confidence, creativity, and the courage to take action.
Leadership is an art.
Leadership is an Art.
Leadership is An Art.
Leadership Is an Art.
Leadership Is An Art.
Leadership is an attitude before it is an ability.
Leadership is an awesome responsibility.
Leadership is an elusive concept.
Leadership is an emotional hotbed.
Leadership is an escape from mediocrity.
Leadership is an essential component of management.
Leadership is an evolutionary process.
Leadership is an expectation of responsible citizenship.
Leadership is an expression of enduring values. . . .
Leadership is an extension of who a person is.
Leadership is an extraordinary development of a person.
Leadership is an illusion.
Leadership is an important aspect of sorority life.
Leadership is an important aspect of the complete person.
Leadership is an important earmark of success to most people.
Leadership is an important quality for any elected official.
Leadership is an important quality to possess regardless of the position one holds in a school.
Leadership is an important role in the vitality of a congregation.
Leadership is an important skill that has been over looked in America.
Leadership is an important subject.
Leadership is an intangible asset with a constant presence.
Leadership is an interesting blend of personal skills and the ability to motivate others to follow.
Leadership is an interesting combination of strategy and character.
Leadership is an interpersonal influence directed toward the achievement of a goal or goals.
Leadership is an investment.
Leadership is an observable and learnable set of practices.
Leadership is an opportunity to serve.
Leadership is another characteristic that has emerged from group processes.
Leadership is another pressing issue.
Leadership is any intentional act that results in progress.
Leadership is approached as a set of skills that are trained.
Leadership is asserted.
Leadership is associated with the latter, management with the former.
Leadership is authoritarian, distant, harried.
Leadership is based upon excellence.
Leadership is based upon integrity, character, ethic, talent, and skill.
Leadership is big in almost all discussions of strategy.
Leadership is bodies.
Leadership is both a calling from within as well as a set of skills to be practiced.
Leadership is both a science and an art form and the good leaders learn from their mistakes.
Leadership is both an ability as well as an activity.
Leadership is both deeply personal and inherently collective.
Leadership is both science and art.
Leadership is both.
Leadership is built on mutual trust and respect.
Leadership is built.
Leadership is by example and setting the higher standard.
Leadership is by example.
Leadership is capable of making tough staff choices.
Leadership is central in the health of the local congregation.
Leadership is central to the course of human history.
Leadership is central to the course of public affairs.
Leadership is characterized by accountability, courage, foresight, and integrity.
Leadership is characterized by the willingness and ability to assume responsibility.
Leadership is choice.
Leadership is cognitive influence that affects the way other people think and therefore act.
Leadership is collaborative, and governance is focused on broad issues that affect student learning.
Leadership is colorblind.
Leadership is committed to adopting entrepreneurial strategies.
Leadership is conceptualized broadly.
Leadership is concerned about direction and purpose.
Leadership is conveyed at camp in many situations.
Leadership is courage, inspiration and caring.
Leadership is created one relationship at a time.
Leadership is creative, adaptive, and agile.
Leadership is critical and change depends on personalities.
Leadership is critical in business.
Leadership is critical to effective use.
Leadership is critical to every great human achievement.
Leadership is critical to the success of any business initiative.
Leadership is critical.
Leadership is crucial to a heritage tourism program.
Leadership is crucial to the process of transformation through worship.
Leadership is crucial when the objective situation is ripe.
Leadership is crucial.
Leadership is dangerous.
Leadership is decentralized, through member involvement and the use of committees.
Leadership is defined using theoretical and scholarly views from an application standpoint.
Leadership is designed to handle the business of student activities.
Leadership is determined by fights within the pack.
Leadership is developed and learned.
Leadership is developed through a variety of outdoor experiences and situations.
Leadership is developed through learning to be a servant.
Leadership is developed within the industry.
Leadership is different in periods of change.
Leadership is different than management.
Leadership is different than that.
Leadership is directed toward a particular group or a particular task.
Leadership is directional.
Leadership is dispersed, and control is shared and mutual.
Leadership is done behind the scenes when no one's around.
Leadership is done in teams.
Leadership is dynamic and action oriented.
Leadership is dynamic and active, always changing, always growing.
Leadership is earned through service.
Leadership is earned.
Leadership is earned-and earned again.
Leadership is easy to understand from the vantage point of following.
Leadership is efficient and preparing to expand, enter new areas of service or add new functions.
Leadership is elected based on proportional support that a tendency receives.
Leadership is emphasized each year.
Leadership is encouraged at all levels of our organization.
Leadership is encouraged both on campus and within each chapter.
Leadership is encouraged both on campus and within the chapter.
Leadership is enhanced through one's personal values and attributes.
Leadership is ensured by a president and a vice president elected by universal suffrage.
Leadership is especially important to have on board before attempting to pull in their staff.
Leadership is especially important.
Leadership is essential in all classes.
Leadership is essential to colleges' and universities' sensitivity to values in higher education.
Leadership is essential to ensuring organizational effectiveness and managing change.
Leadership is essential to expanding facilities.
Leadership is essential to growth.
Leadership is essential to quality education.
Leadership is essential to success.
Leadership is essential to the success of our struggle for development.
Leadership is essential, especially through the periods of difficulty that are bound to arise.
Leadership is essential.
Leadership is essentially innovative in character.
Leadership is established in a fun and relaxed setting.
Leadership is everyone's business.
Leadership is everyone's job.
Leadership is everyone's responsibility.
Leadership is everything.
Leadership is everywhere and nowhere at the same time.
Leadership is everywhere in the organization, but vision flows from the top.
Leadership is exchanged between climbers so all can get a taste of what the real world is like.
Leadership is exercised less by command and more by consensus-building.
Leadership is exercised.
Leadership is explored in the context of moral, ethical and social responsibilities.
Leadership is explored through outdoor, team-based activities and interactive workshops.
Leadership is extremely important for officers and enlisted people at all levels.
Leadership is far more than just being a good person.
Leadership is finally about actual people in actual circumstances.
Leadership is flexible, decentralized, nonce authority.
Leadership is for everyone.
Leadership is for men, women and children.
Leadership is foremost.
Leadership is found at different levels.
Leadership is found in being the servant of all.
Leadership is found in many different forms and often in unlikely places.
Leadership is from the front.
Leadership is fun and exciting.
Leadership is fundamental to an effective response.
Leadership is fundamentally different from management.
Leadership is gained through contact with peers, students, and cooperating teachers or supervisors.
Leadership is Gibbs' best quality.
Leadership is given much more weight than in the past.
Leadership is guys making plays, and making plays at the right time.
Leadership is hard to explain and define, but it can be easily recognized in practice.
Leadership is hard to see.
Leadership is hard work and sometimes boring, like going to meetings.
Leadership is hard.
Leadership is highly visible, but distributed.
Leadership is important because it influences the destiny of people.
Leadership is important because of what it brings to the group.
Leadership is important for many reasons.
Leadership is important here.
Leadership is important in organizations because leaders are the ones who make things happen.
Leadership is important to tackle stigma on various levels.
Leadership is important with a point guard.
Leadership is important.
Leadership is in a constant state of learning and growth.
Leadership is in demand.
Leadership is in many ways a moral activity.
Leadership is in question, from key community levels up to the federal government.
Leadership is in the eye of the follower.
Leadership is included in chapter fifteen of the text.
Leadership is increasingly collaborative.
Leadership is indeed there to have a part in guiding.
Leadership is independent of democracy.
Leadership is independent of gender.
Leadership is influence.
Leadership is influenced by university administration's policy.
Leadership is inherently value-based.
Leadership is integrative, strategic, unharried.
Leadership is intended to be shared and to be empowering to other emerging leaders.
Leadership is invaluable to successful efforts.
Leadership is involved in enabling leaders to function as creatively and as effectively as they can.
Leadership is involved with doing the right things.
Leadership is involved, too.
Leadership is key .
Leadership is key to enabling communities to move ahead and adapt to change.
Leadership is key.
Leadership is leadership.
Leadership is learned by doing.
Leadership is learned by effort and hard work.
Leadership is learned.
Leadership is least effective when it is lonely.
Leadership is legitimized by success under fire.
Leadership is less committed than ever to long term relationships.
Leadership is like any other skill, in that it can be taught, honed and improved on over time.
Leadership is like gardening.
Leadership is like many other difficult skills it takes skills and practice.
Leadership is lonely because one has to lead from the front.
Leadership is made up of dreams, inspiration, excitement, desire, pride, care, passion, and love.
Leadership is magnetic.
Leadership is mainly a production capability item.
Leadership is mainly about communicating a vision and getting others to commit to that vision.
Leadership is measured on resourcefulness, influence, responsibility, and self-confidence.
Leadership is more a matter of style and character than any single event.
Leadership is more about working with and through people than having superior technical skills.
Leadership is more an art than a science.
Leadership is more caught than taught.
Leadership is more complicated today than it has been in the past.
Leadership is more effective when people are willing to work collaboratively for a common purpose.
Leadership is more important than ever.
Leadership is more important than management.
Leadership is more of an art meant to be felt, experienced, created.
Leadership is more of an attitude than anything else.
Leadership is more than a position of power.
Leadership is more than being elected for public office.
Leadership is more than budgets and balance sheets.
Leadership is more than finding answers to difficult problems.
Leadership is more than good management.
Leadership is more than just book knowledge and following examples.
Leadership is more than just managing.
Leadership is more than setting the example and bravely leading a charge.
Leadership is more than teaching and accomplishing, it is fathering and reproducing.
Leadership is more than the ability to wield a notary seal.
Leadership is much more a 'respect' factor than a 'like' factor.
Leadership is much more an art, a belief, a condition of the heart, than a set of things to do.
Leadership is much more than holding office in the fraternity.
Leadership is necessary in any system.
Leadership is necessary to ensure effective implementation of plans and maintenance of preparedness.
Leadership is necessary.
Leadership is needed at the personal, organizational, community, state, national, and global levels.
Leadership is needed for a successful transformation across all branches.
Leadership is needed for interpretation and to make authoritative decisions.
Leadership is needed from the top to affect efforts at the building level.
Leadership is needed in our private sector, as well.
Leadership is needed in situations where disequilibrium is managed.
Leadership is needed in the program.
Leadership is needed to act early, effectively and boldly.
Leadership is needed to initiate, convince and take actual steps towards fulfilling new targets.
Leadership is needed.
Leadership is neither the domain of mere traits nor is it a matter of only observable behaviors.
Leadership is never easy.
Leadership is never more important than in increasingly uncertain economic times - like today.
Leadership is no longer see as one defining role atop the business pyramid.
Leadership is noncoercive in nature.
Leadership is non-divisible.
Leadership is obviously a dynamic concern in today's military community.
Leadership is obviously very important.
Leadership is of varying duration for any individual or position holder.
Leadership is often a difficult role.
Leadership is often about shaping a new way of life.
Leadership is often ego-based behavior.
Leadership is often observable.
Leadership is often the antithesis of popularity.
Leadership is on a rotating basis.
Leadership is on test now.
Leadership is one of the basic ingredients for success.
Leadership is one of the highest forms of service.
Leadership is one of the hottest topics in business and professional organizations.
Leadership is one of the key enablers of knowledge management.
Leadership is one of the most observed and least understood phenomena on earth.
Leadership is one of the most vexing subjects of human inquiry.
Leadership is one of the strongest attributes of the nurses in our corps.
Leadership is only a guardian of the Bride.
Leadership is only half the job of the gamemaster, however.
Leadership is open to people of all backgrounds.
Leadership is ordinary everyday activity performed by ordinary people.
Leadership is our convention theme.
Leadership is our mission.
Leadership is our topic.
Leadership is our watchword.
Leadership is overrated.
Leadership is part act and part appearance and tone.
Leadership is participative, competent, unselfish, communicative and visionary.
Leadership is passed among members each month.
Leadership is passed through the women.
Leadership is peculiarly problematic in a democracy.
Leadership is people development.
Leadership is perceived as being in short supply.
Leadership is perhaps the most critical factor that sustains collaborative action.
Leadership is personal.
Leadership is pleased to announce the development of a listserv for current faculty and students.
Leadership is positive action.
Leadership is power.
Leadership is practiced in the presence of others.
Leadership is presumed to be a major factor in the effectiveness of spacecrews.
Leadership is privileged only to serve.
Leadership is problem-solving involving the art of strategy and tactics.
Leadership is progressive.
Leadership is provided by a board of directors from the business and professional community.
Leadership is provided by a team of parents and concerned adults in the community.
Leadership is provided by adult volunteers or paid staff.
Leadership is provided by an elected board of active duty peace officers .
Leadership is provided by example.
Leadership is provided by high school students, while fifth grade students serve as pages.
Leadership is provided by local community leaders and church members.
Leadership is provided by officers and an executive committee elected biennially.
Leadership is provided by student officers elected each year and advisors who guide the chapter.
Leadership is provided by student resident assistants.
Leadership is provided by the end users of research - the equine industry.
Leadership is provided by the team members best suited for the task at hand.
Leadership is provided from within the class as well as from outside the class for some topics.
Leadership is raised up and mentored.
Leadership is rather good guidance and influence on followers.
Leadership is really a ministry of service to the possibilities in other persons.
Leadership is really about character.
Leadership is really aboutcaring and it's hard to connect through walls.
Leadership is recognized and developed through campus and school student councils.
Leadership is reflected in many diverse ways.
Leadership is required - show it.
Leadership is required, just as it was on seatbelts and drink driving.
Leadership is required.
Leadership is responsible for everything the organization does or fails to do.
Leadership is risky business.
Leadership is rotated among our members, and no dues or fees are required for membership.
Leadership is sacrifice and humility.
Leadership is salesmanship.
Leadership is scarce.
Leadership is seen as more than having a particular style, being charismatic, or giving orders.
Leadership is selfless service to one's unit and country.
Leadership is selfless.
Leadership is self-selecting .
Leadership is self-selecting.
Leadership is servanthood.
Leadership is service to others through vision, risk, and love in action.
Leadership is service.
Leadership is shared among member and partner representatives.
Leadership is shared and arises from many, very real local contexts.
Leadership is shared and dessert is included.
Leadership is shared and the mood is very informal and creative.
Leadership is shared and the structure can take more than one shape and still work.
Leadership is shared between the members of the group.
Leadership is shared by all members.
Leadership is shared by all.
Leadership is shared with members of the class on a rotating basis.
Leadership is shared, and the groups vary in size.
Leadership is shared.
Leadership is simply influence .
Leadership is situational.
Leadership is so important.
Leadership is somebody who looks after their people.
Leadership is something that can take a person many places in their route to success.
Leadership is something that comes from anybody, any class, anywhere.
Leadership is something that is hard to define, but everybody knows it when they see it.
Leadership is something that is innate in a person.
Leadership is something that most everybody desires to have.
Leadership is stalwart professionalism in the face of adversity.
Leadership is status.
Leadership is still a key ingredient in any organization.
Leadership is still about responsibility.
Leadership is still key.
Leadership is still necessary.
Leadership is strength, power, helping others, vision, giving back, success.
Leadership is strong at the school level.
Leadership is supposed to lead by example.
Leadership is supposed to prevent substantive changes.
Leadership is taught by example.
Leadership is team.
Leadership Is tells a story that is at once comforting and disturbing.
Leadership is that aspect of management concerned with getting results through people.
Leadership is that elusive quality that many aspire to and few master.
Leadership is that role that connects the parts to create a whole.
Leadership is the ability to facilitate action and guide change.
Leadership is the ability to get extraordinary achievement from ordinary people.
Leadership is the ability to guide others in direction, course, or action towards a common goal.
Leadership is the ability to influence the behavior of other people.
Leadership is the ability to influence, motivate, and direct others.
Leadership is the ability to lead away from the boundaries of cultures.
Leadership is the ability to obtain followers.
Leadership is the ability to see reality as it really is and to mobilize the appropriate response.
Leadership is the ability to see the invisible.
Leadership is the ability to take charge and make results happen without being told to do so.
Leadership is the ability to transmit ideas into action.
Leadership is the ability to unlock people's potential to become better.
Leadership is the ability to work with people and solve problems very effectively.
Leadership is the absolute key to any issue, in the fire service, certainly including safety.
Leadership is the accomplishment of a goal through the direction of human assistants.
Leadership is the achievement of results through people.
Leadership is the answer.
Leadership is the art of accomplishing more than the science of management says is possible.
Leadership is the art of treating everyone differently, equally.
Leadership is the authentic expression of the integrated whole that our lives are.
Leadership is the brushstroke of inspiration.
Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality.
Leadership is the common element of all successful organizations.
Leadership is the conjunction of good ideas and good character.
Leadership is the core that drives all policies.
Leadership is the effective and articulate response to command.
Leadership is the emphasis.
Leadership Is the epitome of a model in being non-judgmental.
Leadership is the essence of our profession.
Leadership is the first asset of any successful organization.
Leadership is the focus of chapter sixteen of the text.
Leadership is the foundation of the house as it supports the structure and the rooms.
Leadership is the fuel of an organization.
Leadership is the fuel upon which our military runs.
Leadership is the glue that holds the staff together.
Leadership is the important thing to improve the place and respect of the career service.
Leadership is the interaction that develops between the leader and the group.
Leadership is the job of management.
Leadership is the key and is much more important than managing in the traditional sense.
Leadership is the key ingredient.
Leadership is the key lever in achieving organizational change.
Leadership is the key to battlefield victory.
Leadership is the key to celebration of empowerment.
Leadership is the key to quality.
Leadership is the key to solving disciplinary problems within a command.
Leadership is the key to success.
Leadership is the key to the music.
Leadership is the key.
Leadership is the life blood of the process, and nothing can be substituted for it.
Leadership is the most essential element of combat power.
Leadership is the most important goal and the hardest to define.
Leadership is the most important role of selectmen.
Leadership is the most important.
Leadership is the most prized attribute in our organization.
Leadership is the mother of all signals.
Leadership is the pivotal force behind all great achievements in human history.
Leadership is the practical journal designed for today's Christian leaders.
Leadership is the prevailing theme of biotechnology in Montgomery County.
Leadership is the process of creating, sustaining and directing energy.
Leadership is the process of creating,sustaining and directing energy.
Leadership is the process of directing, initiating, regulating, and coordinating group activity.
Leadership is the process of facilitating our becoming and learning.
Leadership is the process of influence.
Leadership is the process of influencing individuals and groups to set and achieve goals.
Leadership is the product of creativity and effort.
Leadership is the same regardless of the times.
Leadership is the second one.
Leadership is the second word on our inscription.
Leadership is the secret ingredient in every successful organization.
Leadership is the single most important ingredient in all institutions.
Leadership is the skill needed to bring people to the table, start talking and keep talking.
Leadership is the union of people burning with the same great idea.
Leadership is the very best career currency one can have.
Leadership is the wise use of power.
Leadership is there to be given away.
Leadership is through commitment.
Leadership is through effort.
Leadership is through example.
Leadership is to exert a positive influence on the school and the community.
Leadership is to have a servant role.
Leadership is to rally the people to face necessary challenge.
Leadership is too big a job to do alone.
Leadership is transferable.
Leadership is tricky stuff.
Leadership is truth telling.
Leadership is ultimately a moral category.
Leadership is valued as an important skill and is taught or reinforced at every opportunity.
Leadership is very dynamic.
Leadership is very important to our school because it demonstrates right and wrong.
Leadership is very important.
Leadership is viewed as something more than management.
Leadership is viewed differently in fellowships around the world.
Leadership is vision.
Leadership is visionary .
Leadership is visionary.
Leadership is vital to an organization's success.
Leadership is vital to nations, communities, and organizations.
Leadership is vital to progress.
Leadership is vital, but institutional agility varies.
Leadership is voluntary and unpaid.
Leadership is what brings countries together.
Leadership is what creates change.
Leadership is what occurs between heroics.
Leadership is what our system of government is all about.
Leadership is what solves problems.
Leadership is what the third baseman is all about.
Leadership is what they got.
Leadership is what turns a gaggle of individuals into a superior force.
Leadership is what turns a vision of a better tomorrow into the reality of a better tomorrow.
Leadership is where no control is needed because of the healthy leadership.
Leadership is willing to open up the organization's control systems.
Leadership is won every day.
Leadership is worth a lifetime of study-and then some.
Leadership is, after all, a form of sacrificial service.
Leadership is, after all, the cornerstone of a civil society.
Leadership is, by definition, doing things through the efforts of others.
Leadership is, in a nutshell, doing the right thing.
Leadership is, in fact, a communal relationship.
Leadership just means setting examples.
Leadership learn to play.
Leadership lies in the emotional side of management.
Leadership makes a critical contribution.
Leadership makes a difference in every organization.
Leadership makes a difference.
Leadership makes a giant difference.
Leadership makes a huge difference to the effectiveness of any organisation.
Leadership makes things happen.
Leadership makes work interesting.
Leadership manifests itself through collaboration.
Leadership matures with the followers actions.
Leadership means a series of actions.
Leadership means administration or command.
Leadership means administrative roles.
Leadership means being able to tackle the tough issues of our times.
Leadership means bringing about that change in the striving for excellence.
Leadership means clearing the way for others.
Leadership means direction, and direction requires purpose.
Leadership means educating everyone about the reasons for the change.
Leadership means excellence.
Leadership means getting along with people.
Leadership means getting things done through people.
Leadership means having a professional conservator assess the condition of a sculpture.
Leadership means having the best brands, the best operating practices and the best people.
Leadership means leading with clients, leading with people and thought leadership.
Leadership means listening to all the different sides, taking charge and doing the right thing.
Leadership means listening to and caring about people.
Leadership means listening to, and caring about people.
Leadership means listening.
Leadership means making choices.
Leadership means making hard choices.
Leadership means making things simple.
Leadership means more than just composing excellent reviews.
Leadership means nothing if there is no one following.
Leadership means one thing.
Leadership means responsibility.
Leadership means standing firm against the forces of meanness and ignorance.
Leadership means successfully influencing followers to accomplish desired group goals.
Leadership means to be fair, to follow a set of core values, and to do the right thing.
Leadership means to want something, and to be able to show the way to realize what one wants.
Leadership means working cooperatively with others to accomplish agreed upon goals.
Leadership meets as a class every day before school.
Leadership moves beyond dyadic self-interest and ends with the common good.
Leadership moves people towards common goals, principles and values.
Leadership needs to be at senior level within the organisation.
Leadership needs to be curious and seek out new ideas.
Leadership needs to be dynamic, able to flex and maximizes potential of the whole.
Leadership needs to be engaged and own the strategy.
Leadership needs to be in positive direction.
Leadership needs to be practiced.
Leadership needs to come at many levels, from both the public and private sectors.
Leadership needs to deal with the diversity that exists in the city.
Leadership needs to have a long-term vision and a strategy to bring that vision closer to reality.
Leadership needs to reflect that diversity.
Leadership needs to respect knowledge and the potential of people to use it.
Leadership needs to tell the truth to people.
Leadership Never be afraid to take charge.
Leadership never happens alone.
Leadership now involves collaboration and co-creation.
Leadership now means a leveling of authority with unencumbered positive participation by everyone.
Leadership occupies an important place in the party.
Leadership occurs at all levels.
Leadership occurs on the national, regional, and chapter level.
Leadership occurs when one takes an ordinary idea and deals with it in an extraordinary manner.
Leadership occurs when that is our lifestyle.
Leadership occurs when willing, pro-active and trusting followership is earned.
Leadership offers coursework in marriage and family counseling each semester.
Leadership Offers practical biblical advice, insights, and humor to encourage the church leader.
Leadership operates at all levels within an organization.
Leadership overall is consistent, purposeful and challenging.
Leadership passes to the eldest son of the eldest son or the grandson of the father.
Leadership paves the way for freedom.
Leadership places more restrictions upon American troops to avoid any further casualties.
Leadership places responsibility on the person assuming the position.
Leadership plays a significant part.
Leadership plays a very important function in the development of any country.
Leadership plays a very important function in the development of every country.
Leadership plays an important role in large-scale change efforts.
Leadership possesses significant overtones.
Leadership potential the company shows in a large and growing market.
Leadership promotes organizational effectiveness.
Leadership promotes regional study groups.
Leadership promotes the development of reinforcing structures rather than balancing structures.
Leadership provides an overarching vision.
Leadership Provides direction for the future.
Leadership provides direction, sets priorities and upholds standards.
Leadership provides fuel and direction.
Leadership provides purpose, direction, and motivation in combat.
Leadership provides the basis for social cooperation and interactive harmony.
Leadership provides the vision, and management gets things done.
Leadership provides vision and direction for the organization.
Leadership provides vision and focus for growth.
Leadership provides vision, values, and guiding principles.
Leadership pulls rather than pushes.
Leadership raises people's personalities beyond normal limitations.
Leadership realizes there are concerns and that a firearm demands special responsibility and care.
Leadership really has to take control of the event to hold injuries to a minimum.
Leadership receives many requests for facilitating services from local organizations.
Leadership refers to ability to inspire, influence, or guide others.
Leadership refers to the ability to inspire, influence, and guide others.
Leadership refers to the nominee's conduct.
Leadership regarding substance abuse is scarce, entrenched and often biased.
Leadership remains a strength of the hazards research field.
Leadership represents a cross-section of interests from every member of the profession.
Leadership requires a direction.
Leadership requires a keen insight into how people learn.
Leadership requires a strong voice.
Leadership requires a two-week orientation.
Leadership requires a vision of the future.
Leadership requires action.
Leadership requires an understanding of the self, a knowledge of one s own potential and power.
Leadership requires backbone, a sense of fairness and respect from subordinates.
Leadership requires commitment to the cause and an ability to collaborate effectively.
Leadership requires commitment.
Leadership requires courage and conviction - a passion and devotion to community.
Leadership requires courage and conviction.
Leadership requires courage.
Leadership requires difficult and sometimes unpopular decisions.
Leadership requires effort.
Leadership requires empowerment of the individual by the community.
Leadership requires faith.
Leadership requires followership.
Leadership requires foresight, and it is impossible to imagine foresight without wisdom.
Leadership requires hard work.
Leadership requires having the right people to be at the top of the management structure.
Leadership requires ideals that stimulate and energize people.
Leadership requires making choices and setting priorities.
Leadership requires moral character.
Leadership requires moral responsibility.
Leadership requires one to be decisive.
Leadership requires people skills, and leadership and quality are inseparable.
Leadership requires personal strength and integrity.
Leadership requires persuasive ability.
Leadership requires positive thinking.
Leadership requires problem origination, solving, challenge, and action.
Leadership requires resources.
Leadership requires responsibility and the ability to motivate others.
Leadership requires responsibility.
Leadership requires some congruence between the goals of the leader and the led.
Leadership requires the ability to put aside personal biases or desires in decisionmaking.
Leadership requires the ability to touch others' feelings.
Leadership requires the cooperative efforts of others to be successful.
Leadership requires thought, planning, perseverance, and commitment.
Leadership requires understanding, courage, single-mindedness, drive and an ability to lead others.
Leadership resources Computerized health risk appraisals Numerous books, videos and brochures.
Leadership revolves around people.
Leadership rotates among willing members.
Leadership rotates from person to person every week.
Leadership rotates from team to team in the unit.
Leadership rotates through the list.
Leadership rotates within the class.
Leadership runs in the family.
Leadership runs to some baseball gloves catalog.
Leadership seems to be lacking.
Leadership sees the big picture, and provides guidance.
Leadership seminars on national and international affairs.
Leadership sets direction, develops strategies, and mobilizes people and resources to get there.
Leadership sets the direction, creates a vision, motivates and inspires.
Leadership sets the tone, in every area of a business.
Leadership shake above few lingerie.
Leadership shake above few serengeti.
Leadership skills an asset.
Leadership skills at an early stage in a person's career are very important.
Leadership skills for a new age .
Leadership skills through training programs and service on committees and boards.
Leadership skills to coordinate projects involving exempts and non-exempts.
Leadership skills to ensure the achievement and success of the teams objectives.
Leadership skills to foster a nurturing environment supportive of learning.
Leadership skills to motivate participation and cooperation among staff and other agencies.
Leadership skills to motivate teamwork required.
Leadership skills with emphasis on facilitation.
Leadership skills within an interdisciplinary approach to care needed.
Leadership sounds simplistic in word, but for some, it is difficult to practice.
Leadership sponsors an annual conference.
Leadership starts at the top.
Leadership starts in the house itself, where self-governance is more than an abstract idea.
Leadership starts inside, with robust health and solid grounding in a balanced, integrated life.
Leadership stems more from personal inspiration than from offering directions.
Leadership suffers, and when leadership suffers, congregations suffer.
Leadership support networking ministry leaders across deaneries and throughout the diocese.
Leadership supports a feeding frenzy for insiders who benefit from continued decline.
Leadership takes action.
Leadership takes corrective action.
Leadership takes flexibility and mobility.
Leadership takes guts.
Leadership takes many forms.
Leadership takes more than just the ability to impress people with our brawn or our brains.
Leadership takes on many forms.
Leadership takes responsibility to constantly warn their followers of danger.
Leadership takes risks and bold moves.
Leadership takes several forms.
Leadership takes time and often requires other sacrifices.
Leadership takes time.
Leadership takes vision and courage.
Leadership tends to be earned.
Leadership tends to be more spiritual.
Leadership trusts that company goals are understood and embraced by all employees.
Leadership Use personal contacts to recruit a diverse, qualified leadership.
Leadership verses management information has been particularly helpful.
Leadership works through a collaborative structure.
Leadership works through ongoing communication.
Leaderships change annually.
Leaderships never die in wars, they escape to safety.
Leadership always carries the risk of dependence, disappointment, and possible disaster.
Leadership always coexists with creative thinking.
Leadership always is.
Leadership always matters, but it matters most when technology disrupts and fear kicks in.
Leadership frequently involves taking judiciously chosen risks.
Leadership often emerges in interesting ways in an electronic discussion.
Leadership often involves making the best of a very difficult, possibly even a bad, situation.
Leadership often means delegating responsibilities.
Leadership often seems to mean a teacher who provides inservice for other teachers.
Leadership sometimes requires that higher headquarters be disappointed.
Leadership usually prefers choosing chairmen from safe districts.
All leadership is service.
All leadership takes place through the communication of ideas to the minds of others.
Some leadership is necessary.
Some leadership seems to be needed.
Many leading brands are more like candy than a nutritious breakfast.
Most leading brands are likely to be effective at controlling house dust mites.
Every leading candidate is in favor of free trade.
Some leading experience is required.
Most leading hotels provide currency conversion facilities.
A leading indicator is an indicator
Many leading indicators come in the form of momentum oscillators.
Most leading sites offer brief biographies of authors featured on-line.
Most leading techniques are of the field.
A leadplant is a bush
Leadplant decreases with grazing and is absent from prairies that have been overgrazed.
Leadplant is fairly common on most native prairies in eastern North Dakota.
Leadville site is a pleasure, as well as an interesting look at a historic mining town.
Some leaf arrangements have leaves.
Leaf axils are the part of a leaf that is deep and can hold water.
A leaf beetle is a beetle
Leaf beetles cause damage.
Leaf beetles produce a spectrum of chemicals for their protection from predators.
Many leaf beetles lay eggs in groups on the underside of food plant leaves.
Most leaf beetles cause damage.
Some leaf beetles look like caterpillar droppings.
A leaf blade is a leaf
Leaf blades cordate, with distinctly serrate or lobed margins.
Leaf blades cordate.
Most leaf blades are thin and papery, but there are some that are thick and leathery.
Some leaf blades have slits.
Some leaf blades have veins.
Leaf celery produces leaves.
Most leaf celery produces leaves.
Leaf colors can be green, but most gardeners are more excited about the purple leaf types.
Leaf colors can be reddish-purple, bronze or green.
Leaf colors offer hot pink, dark purple and green all on a single plant.
Leaf colors range from dark green and gray-green to purple, blue, and sometimes pale yellow.
Leaf colors range from dark to yellow green, and are variegated in shades of white or pale cream.
Leaf colors range from maroon, through shades of green, to gold.
Leaf colors range from yellow to red.
Leaf colors vary, with green, bicolored, and purple shamrocks available at very good prices.
Leaf eaters lead life.
Leaf eaters lead solitary life.
Most leaf eaters lead life.
Most leaf eaters lead solitary life.
Some leaf eaters eat fruit.
Some leaf eaters possess stomachs.
Leaf epidermis is tightly packed, transparent, and nonphotosynthetic.
Leaf fish stays close to leaves.
Leaf frogs have digits.
Most leaf frogs have digits.
Some leaf hairs can irritate the mouths and throats of mammals.
Some leaf juice mixes with oil.
Leaf lettuce grows in fields.
Leaf lettuce has growth patterns.
Leaf lettuce has patterns.
Leaf lettuce produces crisp leaves.
Leaf lettuce produces leaves.
Leaf margins are coarse and sharply serrated.
Leaf margins are serrate with bristle-like teeth.
Leaf margins are serrate.
Leaf margins die and have a distinct yellow border separating the dead tissue from the green tissue.
Leaf margins produce tiny plantlets that fall off and can take up an independent existence.
Leaf margins turn brown as they die, and symptoms move progressively up the plant on the leaves.
Leaf margins turn pink in cold winters.
Leaf margins turn red in cold weather.
Leaf margins turn yellow or brown and leaves fall prematurely.
A leaf miner is an insect
Many leaf miners can produce cell proliferations that intergrade into true gall development.
Some leaf miners eat leaves.
Leaf monkeys have fur.
Leaf monkeys weigh kgs.
Most leaf monkeys have fur.
Most leaf monkeys weigh kgs.
Some leaf mustard contains calcium.
A leaf node is an enation
Leaf nodes are part of stalks.
Leaf nodes create strings.
Every leaf node has the potential to produce fruit cluster.
Every leaf node is colored black.
Some leaf nodes are part of acacias.
Some leaf nodes are part of apricots.
Some leaf nodes are part of aspen.
Some leaf nodes are part of baobabs.
Some leaf nodes are part of beanstalks.
Some leaf nodes are part of beeches.
Some leaf nodes are part of cedar.
Some leaf nodes are part of chicots.
Some leaf nodes are part of cocos.
Some leaf nodes are part of conifers.
Some leaf nodes are part of corn.
Some leaf nodes are part of elms.
Some leaf nodes are part of gingkoes.
Some leaf nodes are part of grapefruit.
Some leaf nodes are part of guavas.
Some leaf nodes are part of hollies.
Some leaf nodes are part of laurels.
Some leaf nodes are part of mandarins.
Some leaf nodes are part of mangos.
Some leaf nodes are part of mangroves.
Some leaf nodes are part of onions.
Some leaf nodes are part of papaya.
Some leaf nodes are part of petioles.
Some leaf nodes are part of pine.
Some leaf nodes are part of pinyons.
Some leaf nodes are part of popcorn.
Some leaf nodes are part of rhizomes.
Some leaf nodes are part of rowans.
Some leaf nodes are part of spruces.
Some leaf nodes are part of stems.
Some leaf nodes are part of sticks.
Some leaf nodes are part of titis.
Some leaf nodes are part of trees.
Some leaf nodes are part of trunks.
Some leaf nodes are part of tubers.
Some leaf nodes are part of twigs.
Some leaf nodes are part of willows.
Most leaf objects have a common name, and for user objects, the common name is the login name.
A leaf roller is a tortricid moth
Some leaf rollers feed on new growth and are especially harmful to plants.
Some leaf shapes are part of blossoms.
Some leaf shapes are part of buds.
Some leaf shapes are part of catkins.
Some leaf shapes are part of cattails.
Some leaf shapes are part of cotyledons.
Some leaf shapes are part of duckweeds.
Some leaf shapes are part of florets.
Some leaf shapes are part of flowers.
Some leaf shapes are part of foliage.
Some leaf shapes are part of fronds.
Some leaf shapes are part of hornwort.
Some leaf shapes are part of leaves.
Some leaf shapes are part of lings.
Some leaf shapes are part of needles.
Some leaf shapes are part of pads.
Some leaf shapes are part of petals.
Some leaf shapes are part of sepals.
Leaf sheaths are also susceptible to attack.
Leaf sheaths are open, cylindrical and without auricles.
Leaf sheaths are round and hairy, especially at the collar region.
Leaf sheaths are short and break down into a fibrous interwoven mass as they age.
Leaf sheaths are somewhat compressed and flattened, without hairs.
Some leaf sheaths have margins.
Some leaf sheaths protect plants.
Some leaf sheaths show mosaic patterns.
Some leaf sheaths show patterns.
Leaf spinach has leaves.
Most leaf spots are uniformly circular and one to four millimeters in diameter.
Most leaf spots start on lower leaves.
Some leaf spots appear on twigs.
Some leaf spots become problems.
Leaf stalks form clasps where they join the stem.
Leaf stalks serve functions.
Leaf stalks serve same functions.
Leaf stalks support large leaves.
Leaf stalks support leaves.
Most leaf stalks serve functions.
Most leaf stalks serve same functions.
Most leaf stalks support large leaves.
Leaf surfaces absorb energy.
Leaf transpiration has effects.
A leaf is a plant organ
Leaf ants making and guarding a nest in the mangroves.
Leaf attributes as indices of fruit quality in prune tree canopies.
Leaf burning anywhere is illegal under state law.
Leaf burning leads to air pollution, health problems and is a fire hazard.
Leaf burning leads to air pollution, health problems, and fire hazards.
Leaf isa plant part.
Leaf stalk borer and petiole borer cause the same type of injury.
Leafs are companies.
Leafs are green.
Leafs are located in compost piles.
Leafs are located in floral arrangements.
Leafs are located in ground.
Leafs are located in lawns.
Leafs are located in parks.
Leafs are located in roofs.
Leafs are located in streets.
Leafs are located in trees.
Leafs are located near trees.
Leafs are made of chlorophyll.
Leafs are part of flowers.
Leafs are part of plants.
Leafs are part of trees.
Leafs are sections.
Leafs are sheets.
Leafs are used for photosynthesis.
Leafs are used for shades.
Leaves absorb carbon dioxide through tiny pores called stomata.
Leaves absorb energy.
Leaves absorb light.
Leaves absorb sunlight.
Leaves absorb water.
Leaves accumulate glutamine, malate and ammonia when they are exposed to air.
Leaves adapt to ambient conditions in a variety of ways.
Leaves add zest to salads, soups, stews, dips, sauces, fish, omellettes and vegetables.
Leaves affected by norflurazon develop a unique, characteristic white color.
Leaves also come in different shapes and sizes.
Leaves also contain carotene, riboflavin, nicotinic acid, pantothenic acid and ascorbic acid.
Leaves also provide bulk.
Leaves also provide winter protection for tree roots.
Leaves also take in carbon dioxide from the air.
Leaves also unfold earlier than normal.
Leaves alternate along the stem.
Leaves alternate, mainly at the end of the twigs.
Leaves alternate, more or less entire, usually petiolate.
Leaves alternate, with blades, ligules, and sheaths .
Leaves appear brownish- green in spring and fall, and tend to be bleached yellow in winter.
Leaves appear brownish-green in spring and fall, and tend to be bleached yellow in winter.
Leaves appear gray or white powdery on the surface.
Leaves appear in the spring and die back in the summer.
Leaves appear late spring and die back mid-fall.
Leaves appear light green and become dry at the tips.
Leaves appear on stems.
Leaves appear to be stained with burgundy wine.
Leaves appear water-soaked in appearance at first, then shriveled.
Leaves are a bright, light green and are divided in three heart-shaped parts.
Leaves are a daisy stitch each side of berries of green floss.
Leaves are a dull green and grow to about three to five inches in length.
Leaves are a dull medium green on top and are a pale green underneath with small hairs.
Leaves are a greeenish teal.
Leaves are a light green color, slightly bullate or blistered, coarsely toothed with five lobes.
Leaves are a lustrous yellow-green above, and paler and finely hairy below.
Leaves are a nice addition, especially when the woods began to green up.
Leaves are a rich clean green.
Leaves are a slightly bluish green and butter yellow.
Leaves are a stuffing material for pillows - they impart a pleasant scent and also repel moths.
Leaves are a superior addition to mesclun salad mixes.
Leaves are a third to half the height of the stems.
Leaves are about two inches long.
Leaves are adjustable.
Leaves are almost round, and are arranged oppositely on the stem.
Leaves are also a major site of carbohydrate and mineral storage.
Leaves are also hairless and have rounded teeth along the margins.
Leaves are also toxic, but to a lesser degree.
Leaves are alternate and attach directly to the main stem lacking petioles.
Leaves are alternate and compound.
Leaves are alternate and lance shaped with irregular lobes, and spines.
Leaves are alternate and pinnately compound.
Leaves are alternate and pinnately divided into many small segments.
Leaves are alternate and simple with serrate margins.
Leaves are alternate and simple.
Leaves are alternate and smooth, but leaf size depends on variety.
Leaves are alternate and somewhat rough and hairy.
Leaves are alternate and tend to be less divided than the rosette leaves.
Leaves are alternate and vary in shape from rounded in early growth to pointed in the mature stage.
Leaves are alternate on the stem and deeply indented.
Leaves are alternate, and spirally arranged in a cluster at the summit of the stem.
Leaves are alternate, clasp the stem with angled lobes.
Leaves are alternate, compound, with thorns or spines.
Leaves are alternate, dentate, and densely pubescent on both surfaces.
Leaves are alternate, flowers are green and occur in bristly round spikes.
Leaves are alternate, glabrous, and veined on the underside.
Leaves are alternate, heart shaped, and have blunt tips.
Leaves are alternate, lance shaped, and smooth edged.
Leaves are alternate, linear in outline, and covered with long white hairs.
Leaves are alternate, numerous and form a dense, compact crown.
Leaves are alternate, oblong with smooth margins.
Leaves are alternate, ovate and tapering to a tip.
Leaves are alternate, palmately-lobed on long petioles.
Leaves are alternate, pinnately compound, branched, and have saw-toothed edges.
Leaves are alternate, simple, and somewhat heart shaped.
Leaves are alternate, simple, lobed.
Leaves are alternate, simple, long and thin.
Leaves are alternate, simple, single toothed, triangle shaped.
Leaves are alternate, smooth, and lanceolate.
Leaves are always more digestible than stems so more leaves equals more energy.
Leaves are always pale to rich yellow never red.
Leaves are an attractive blue-green.
Leaves are an attractive dark green with a slight variegation.
Leaves are an excellent soil amendment.
Leaves are another readily available material to use as mulch.
Leaves are apparently functional during the winter, summer, and fall.
Leaves are applique.
Leaves are attractive, glossy green, but no fall color develops.
Leaves are available either loose or bagged.
Leaves are available thru mail-order only .
Leaves are beautiful green in spring and summer, in fall it turns yellow, in winter it sheds.
Leaves are blue-green with horny margins.
Leaves are blunt-tipped and spread upward on the stem to give a flattened appearance.
Leaves are bright green and appear after a rain storm.
Leaves are bright green and finely divided.
Leaves are bright green and glabrous above, grayish tomentulose beneath.
Leaves are bright green in the summer and turn yellow-brown in the fall.
Leaves are bright green with a silvery underside.
Leaves are bright green, large, and showy.
Leaves are bright red in spring and darken during summer.
Leaves are bright yellow with narrow green stripes.
Leaves are brittle and dark in colour.
Leaves are brittle or cracked .
Leaves are broad with distinct midvein and are usually rough.
Leaves are broadly elliptic.
Leaves are bronze green.
Leaves are chlorotic and drop.
Leaves are clean with no markings.
Leaves are close together, small and deformed.
Leaves are coarse and deeply divided, with purple-brown midribs.
Leaves are coarse and somewhat wrinkled.
Leaves are coarse, slightly toothed and oval shaped.
Leaves are coarsely hairy on the upper side and contain softer whitish hairs below.
Leaves are coarsely serrate and flowers are crowded in a dense terminal or axillary cluster.
Leaves are completely glabrous.
Leaves are compound and have five to seven leaflets.
Leaves are compound or palmately lobed and either alternate or opposite.
Leaves are crowed in a basal rosette, blades are simple and variously lobed.
Leaves are dark green above and paler green below.
Leaves are dark green and glossy.
Leaves are dark green and have unusual serrated edges.
Leaves are dark green and heart-shaped.
Leaves are dark green and small.
Leaves are dark green on the surface, very hairy below, and often resemble a fan in shape.
Leaves are dark green on top and silky underneath.
Leaves are dark green with a tinge of red-brown color.
Leaves are dark green with red new growth.
Leaves are dark green with rust brown undersides.
Leaves are dark green, although there is also a variegated form.
Leaves are dark green, lobed, and oval on tough woody stems.
Leaves are dark green, turning an unimpressive light yellow or brown in the fall.
Leaves are dark green, waxy, somewhat leathery, and are arranged alternately along the stem.
Leaves are dark green.
Leaves are dark, lustrous green above and gray or whitish and hairy below.
Leaves are dark-green, simple, or lobed and large and stems are rough, or prickly.
Leaves are darl dark green, smooth and oval or marquis shaped.
Leaves are deciduous, turning red before they fall in autumn.
Leaves are deep green, ovate, and pointed.
Leaves are deep green.
Leaves are deformed or twisted .
Leaves are delicate, like parsley, and it has a white taproot.
Leaves are densley hairy beneath.
Leaves are different sizes depending on where they grow on the tree.
Leaves are different sizes.
Leaves are difficult to decay.
Leaves are divergent from the sheathing bases when humid, becoming incurved when dry.
Leaves are dominantly basal.
Leaves are dull green and small with the terminal leaflet ovate to round.
Leaves are dull yellowish-green above and paler and more yellowish below.
Leaves are dwarfed and sparse in part or all of the tree top.
Leaves are easy enough to handle.
Leaves are egg-shaped.
Leaves are elliptical and leathery with a shiny deep green color above and pale underneath.
Leaves are elliptical to lanceolate.
Leaves are elliptical to oblanceolate with mostly invisible lateral veins.
Leaves are emetic and their juice with black pepper is used in headache.
Leaves are entire and shallowly lobed.
Leaves are entire at the base and coarsely toothed at the apex.
Leaves are entire or once or twice pinnately lobed, the segments being lance shaped and pointed.
Leaves are erect, elliptical, narrow, and have smooth edges.
Leaves are especially poisonous in the spring, up to the time the plant flowers.
Leaves are evergreen and reduced to scale-like structures that are whorled at the nodes.
Leaves are evergreen or sometimes deciduous, simple, entire or lobed and alternate.
Leaves are evergreen, oval-rounded and one to two inches long on most cultivars.
Leaves are excellent, in small quantity, in potpourris and sachets.
Leaves are exceptionally good for seasoning, perfume and once considered for relief of headache.
Leaves are faintly translucent.
Leaves are fair and dark, torn, wet, and quiet.
Leaves are few, small, and densely hairy.
Leaves are flat and a lustrous dark green.
Leaves are flat in appearance, growing in same plane.
Leaves are fragrant.
Leaves are fuzzy and heart shaped.
Leaves are generally ready for harvest about three months after seeding.
Leaves are glabrous and folded along the midrib.
Leaves are glabrous and frequently clustered at the ends of branches.
Leaves are glabrous or thinly pubescent.
Leaves are glossy dark green.
Leaves are glossy green and shaped like angel wings.
Leaves are glossy, and habit is bushy to three feet or so.
Leaves are grayish green and oval, with a coarse hairy surface covered with small bumps.
Leaves are great.
Leaves are green above and silvery white below with petioles that are usually green.
Leaves are green and brown speckled.
Leaves are green and shiny on the upper surface and purple on the lower surface.
Leaves are green because leaves, or chlorophyll inside the leaves, reflects green light.
Leaves are green because of the process of photosynthesis.
Leaves are green because they contain small bodies in the cells called chloroplasts.
Leaves are green but brittle.
Leaves are green speckled.
Leaves are green with a slight greyish cast.
Leaves are green with brownish or yellow margins and are slightly toothed.
Leaves are green with yellow margin.
Leaves are green yet brittle.
Leaves are grey-green, compound and soft to the touch.
Leaves are greyish teal, greyish green and a greyish lilac.
Leaves are hard to digest, so sloths have special large stomachs.
Leaves are heart shaped with the base of the leaf wrapped around the stem.
Leaves are heart-shaped and coarse textured.
Leaves are heart-shaped and crinkled in appearance.
Leaves are heart-shaped and glossy green.
Leaves are heart-shaped.
Leaves are high in protein, and supplement diets as a vegetable in Northeast Brazil.
Leaves are highly variable in shape.
Leaves are huge, dull green, and deeply lobed.
Leaves are in groups of five.
Leaves are in pairs and are more pointed than other sages.
Leaves are in pairs with yellow blotches on old leaves and pronounced veining underneath.
Leaves are in two erect ranks, deciduous.
Leaves are inconspicuous.
Leaves are inexpensive and usually readily available.
Leaves are lacy and sky blue.
Leaves are large and egg-shaped.
Leaves are large and three-lobed.
Leaves are large, alternate and cordate.
Leaves are large, broad, and dark green and have short pubescence on upper surface of midrib.
Leaves are large, dark green, slightly closed, pubescent and ovate.
Leaves are large, dark purplish red, changing to deep green.
Leaves are large, leathery, and fairly disease resistant.
Leaves are large, medium green and slightly rugose.
Leaves are large, simple, entire and alternate.
Leaves are large, stiff, and oval.
Leaves are larger.
Leaves are lax, spreading, and commonly extend up the entire culm.
Leaves are leathery and fan-shaped.
Leaves are leathery and prickly, and provide protected nesting space for birds.
Leaves are leathery, pinnate.
Leaves are less aromatic than other species.
Leaves are less glossy and lighter green in full sun.
Leaves are light and dark grass green.
Leaves are light to dark green and deeply lobed.
Leaves are like Words, an artists book.
Leaves are linear and smooth and flat.
Leaves are linear in shape with a slightly sharp point at the tips.
Leaves are linear, alternately arranged, hairy and finely divided.
Leaves are long and broad and have a dense pubescence on upper and undersides.
Leaves are long and narrow lance-shaped.
Leaves are long and narrow, hanging down from the branchlets.
Leaves are long and narrow, with smooth edges.
Leaves are long and narrow.
Leaves are long and smooth edged.
Leaves are long and taper to a point.
Leaves are long thin and typically folded.
Leaves are long, oval and taper at base.
Leaves are long, shiny, dark green.
Leaves are long, thin and fleshy.
Leaves are long, thin and rolled lengthwise.
Leaves are malformed, mottled yellow and green, and blistered.
Leaves are matt, dark green and growth vigorous.
Leaves are medium green above with silver-white hairs below.
Leaves are medium green and borne in one plane along the stem.
Leaves are medium green and borne in one plane the length of the stems.
Leaves are medium green and deeply lobed.
Leaves are medium green and lobed.
Leaves are medium green with gold mottling.
Leaves are medium in length, open and have three pairs of small, medium-green leaflets.
Leaves are medium in size, open and slightly pubescent.
Leaves are medium sized and green.
Leaves are medium sized, dark green with a bluish cast and have abundant pubescence.
Leaves are medium to dark green with four pairs of primary leaflets.
Leaves are medium to large, slightly closed and medium green.
Leaves are medium to small, closed and dark green.
Leaves are medium-sized and lanceolate in shape.
Leaves are mesophyllous, and shade leaves, tend to be covered with epiphytic growth.
Leaves are microphyllous, thick, and often limited to the tips of branches.
Leaves are mid green with maroon internodal blotches.
Leaves are mild flavored, smooth and dark green.
Leaves are more lush, have better color and are typical of the best of the variety.
Leaves are more nutritious than stems.
Leaves are more or less rolled, one-eighth inch wide or less.
Leaves are most commonly flat, broad and green.
Leaves are most photosynthetically active when they reach full expansion.
Leaves are most tender and delicious inside the heads.
Leaves are mostly deciduous, only very few alders are evergreen.
Leaves are mostly net-veined.
Leaves are mostly single, with a small proportion of two-needled fascicles.
Leaves are mostly trifoliate with inch long, alfalfa-like leaflets.
Leaves are narrow and elliptical, greenish-gray color.
Leaves are narrow and long.
Leaves are narrow with parallel veins and flowers are usually small and inconspicuous.
Leaves are narrow, bright green, hairy, numerous and are attached directly to the stem.
Leaves are narrow, long, and with parallel edges arising from the small underground bulb.
Leaves are needle-like and flat.
Leaves are nodes without any branches.
Leaves are non-obtrusive.
Leaves are numerous, emerging from the base forming a tussock.
Leaves are numerous, emerging, from the base forming a tussock.
Leaves are oblanceolate and pinnately lobed to entire.
Leaves are oblanceolate with wavy or coarsely toothed margins.
Leaves are oblong and evergreen.
Leaves are oblong in shape with three conspicuous longitudinal veins.
Leaves are oblong to lanceolate in shape, sharply serrate with each serration bearing a bristle tip.
Leaves are oblong with small spines along the margins.
Leaves are oblong, to elliptic, thick, and strongly revolute.
Leaves are often crowded on the stem.
Leaves are often dark green and in the early stages abundant with foliage.
Leaves are often diamond shaped, broadly toothed and are often mealy white.
Leaves are often narrow and elongated, with wavy edges.
Leaves are often narrow and pale green despite healthy plants.
Leaves are often small and succulent or coriaceous, and species with thorns and spines are common.
Leaves are one of the easiest and most overlooked ways of adding organic material to the garden.
Leaves are one of the easiest landscape wastes to compost.
Leaves are only one of the structures preserved in the fossil record.
Leaves are opposite or alternate, sometimes basal, simple and entire or toothed.
Leaves are opposite with entire margins.
Leaves are opposite, elliptic to oblong, with translucent dots long the leaf margins.
Leaves are opposite, entire to lobed, pinnately nerved, often with reduced stipules.
Leaves are opposite, entire, broadest at the middle, and taper to both ends.
Leaves are opposite, lanceolate to elliptical in shape, unlobed, and sessile.
Leaves are opposite, ovate with an entire margin.
Leaves are opposite, petiolate, and coarsely toothed.
Leaves are opposite, simple, ovate with sharply serrated margins.
Leaves are oval and lobed with pointed tip and are green with prominent lighter veins.
Leaves are oval and tapered at both ends with many sharp teeth.
Leaves are oval shaped with dented edges.
Leaves are oval to round and usually toothed.
Leaves are oval with a distinct point at the tip.
Leaves are oval, often lanceolate, and deep green.
Leaves are oval-shaped and thickened at the base where they meet the stem.
Leaves are ovate to elliptic in outline.
Leaves are palmate or finger-shaped, extending in a circle from a central point.
Leaves are palmate, green all summer and yellow, gold and orange in the autumn.
Leaves are peach colored when young turning blue-green with age.
Leaves are pinnate, ending in small to very small tendrils.
Leaves are pinnate, occasionally ending in a rudimentary tendril.
Leaves are pinnately compound and alternate, and the young stems tend to be rose-red.
Leaves are pinnately compound, with one to three pairs of leaflets.
Leaves are pinnately compund with numerous leaflets.
Leaves are poisonous.
Leaves are produced by bean plants.
Leaves are produced by plants.
Leaves are pubescent when young.
Leaves are quite small and flat and cones are also small.
Leaves are radical, spatulate and sharply serrated.
Leaves are reddish purple in fall.
Leaves are reddish-brown in color.
Leaves are relatively open with four pairs of primary leaflets.
Leaves are round with long petiole and rounded serrations.
Leaves are rusty-looking with barely serrate margins.
Leaves are seasonally dimorphic.
Leaves are sessile.
Leaves are shiny and glabrous.
Leaves are shiny deep green and very resistant to mildew and a good resistancy to blackspot.
Leaves are shiny green and deeply ribbed.
Leaves are shiny yellowish green, long pointed, oval in shape.
Leaves are short and broad with sparse hairs at best.
Leaves are short petioled and form a tight mound of well-spotted foliage.
Leaves are short, narrow, fleshy, and somewhat hairy, and cluster near the ends of twigs.
Leaves are silvery green on top and medium green beneath.
Leaves are silvery with dark flecks.
Leaves are similar to 'Compacta,' with dark red fall color.
Leaves are simple and alternate and colored dark blue-green.
Leaves are simple and alternate on twigs but paired on spur shoots.
Leaves are simple and alternate or opposite with entire, toothed or lobed margins.
Leaves are simple and alternate or opposite.
Leaves are simple and alternate with toothed margins and pinnate veins.
Leaves are simple and alternate.
Leaves are simple and alternately arranged on the stems.
Leaves are simple and lobed and dissected or entire, alternate.
Leaves are simple elliptical, dark green with carspicious venation, paler and hairy beneath.
Leaves are simple ovate or ovate- lancolate.
Leaves are simple, alternate and basal.
Leaves are simple, alternate with irregular serrated margins.
Leaves are simple, alternate, leathery, shiny and persist over winter.
Leaves are simple, alternate, oblong to almost linear.
Leaves are simple, alternate, serrated or shallowly lobed in most species.
Leaves are simple, deciduous, alternate, and aromatic with minute resin drops.
Leaves are simple, deciduous, alternate, stipulate, and diocecious.
Leaves are simple, entire and alternate, evergreen and glabrous.
Leaves are simple, entire and alternate, opposite basal or whorled.
Leaves are simple, entire and alternate, opposite or whorled.
Leaves are simple, entire and alternate.
Leaves are simple, entire and opposite.
Leaves are simple, entire and spirally arranged or sometimes arranged in rosettes.
Leaves are simple, entire and three ranked and alternate or basal.
Leaves are simple, entire, alt.
Leaves are simple, entire, two-ranked and alternate.
Leaves are simple, linear and entire, two-ranked and alternate.
Leaves are simple, peltate and borne on the surface of the water.
Leaves are simple, slightly lobed and unequal at the base.
Leaves are simple.
Leaves are sit downs around the roses.
Leaves are slightly smaller, somewhat pubescent and toothed near the base.
Leaves are slightly waxy and prevent drying in our semi-arid climate.
Leaves are slower to mature and reach full photosynthetic productivity.
Leaves are small and are cupped downward.
Leaves are small and narrow.
Leaves are small and oval with no serrations or hairs.
Leaves are small and oval with serrations.
Leaves are small and puckered, and plants become severely stunted.
Leaves are small and scale-like on young twigs, sharp pointed on older twigs.
Leaves are small and tend to be cupped downwards.
Leaves are small and the plants fail to make normal growth.
Leaves are small ovals two inches long, with wavy margins.
Leaves are small sized, have waxy covering to reduce water loss.
Leaves are small to medium in size and dark green.
Leaves are small, grey-green, alternate, and bipinnate.
Leaves are small, long, thin and toothless.
Leaves are small, pointed and bright green, when rubbed give off a pleasant scent.
Leaves are small, tough and three lobed with smooth margins, very similar to A. campestre .
Leaves are small, yellowish, and sometimes misshapen.
Leaves are smaller and less coarse in texture than other selections of V .
Leaves are smaller' dark olive green and have a dull appearance.
Leaves are smaller than normal.
Leaves are smooth and dark green.
Leaves are smooth, large and roundish, with a pointed apex and finely serrated margin.
Leaves are smooth.
Leaves are soft, smooth, and delicate.
Leaves are solid color, tending to stoop over around perimeter of clump.
Leaves are somewhat heart-shaped and smooth.
Leaves are somewhat spoon-shaped with a good white margin.
Leaves are spear shaped.
Leaves are spicer than parsley, use to flavor fowl, meats and spicy dishes.
Leaves are spoon-shaped or narrowly oblong and simple, alternate, and mostly basal.
Leaves are spring and dark green.
Leaves are star-shaped.
Leaves are sticky, yellow, and distorted.
Leaves are stiff, dry, and leathery.
Leaves are still triangles.
Leaves are straplike, to three feet long.
Leaves are subject to HR approval.
Leaves are succulent with a light silvery tinge and broadly serrated edges.
Leaves are suitable for dyeing.
Leaves are superb with veal, lamb, poultry, fish, and vegetables.
Leaves are susceptible for about one week after they reach full size.
Leaves are susceptible for about one week after they unfold.
Leaves are the best year-round source of protein in the rain forest.
Leaves are the dominant organic waste in most backyard compost piles.
Leaves are the main course, with side dishes of fruits, seeds, and bark.
Leaves are the major plant organ of interest for grazing.
Leaves are the means by which the trees gather carbon dioxide, and give off oxygen.
Leaves are the most common wastes in backyard compost piles.
Leaves are the power generators that supply energy for growth.
Leaves are the primary diet, but fruit and other plant parts are eaten.
Leaves are the site of the food making process called photosynthesis .
Leaves are the sites of photosynthesis.
Leaves are the source of digitalis.
Leaves are the supreme statement of being.
Leaves are thick and dark green and growth is rather upright.
Leaves are thick and firm, dark green above and downy beneath.
Leaves are thick and rubbery.
Leaves are thick, rough and dark green.
Leaves are thick, succulent and fleshy, with smooth margins.
Leaves are thicker and stronger, forest ceilings are lower and more closely woven.
Leaves are thin and oblong.
Leaves are thin, fern-like, and drooping.
Leaves are thin, floppy and obtuse.
Leaves are thin, green and cordate.
Leaves are thin, shiny and dark green with rounded or notched tips.
Leaves are three to five-lobed and turn red in the autumn.
Leaves are tough and leathery and elliptical or ovate in outline.
Leaves are tough and linear.
Leaves are toxic.
Leaves are tremendously diverse in shape, size, and shades of green.
Leaves are triangular in shape with a wedge-shaped base and a hairy underside.
Leaves are trifoliate.
Leaves are tri-lobed with smaller terminal lobes.
Leaves are typical small grey green type, flowers are rich lavender with violet sepals.
Leaves are unspotted and compact.
Leaves are up to a foot long, elloptic-oblong and hairy.
Leaves are usually dark green.
Leaves are usually glabrous, sometimes glaucous, and are slightly scaly, pubescent, or farinose.
Leaves are usually green, flat to catch light, and attached to a stem.
Leaves are usually hairy and arranged in opposite pairs.
Leaves are variable but are most often somewhat kite-shaped.
Leaves are variable from the base to the apex of the stem.
Leaves are variably smooth or hairy.
Leaves are verbs that conjugate the seasons.
Leaves are very aromatic and can be used fresh or dried in a wide variety of ethnic recipes.
Leaves are very large with wavy margins.
Leaves are very large, and plants possess an upright growth habit.
Leaves are very long and thin and have two to four teeth at the tip.
Leaves are very long, thin and toothless with two light secondary veins parallel to the midrib.
Leaves are very meaty with a fine sweet flavor.
Leaves are very similar to American chestnut, the same shape and deeply toothed.
Leaves are very small, thin and numerous.
Leaves are very stiff, almost plastic like and typically a yellow green color.
Leaves are very succulent and often tinged red.
Leaves are wavy at the edges.
Leaves are wavy.
Leaves are waxy and fleshy.
Leaves are waxy green, heart shaped, and clasp the stem.
Leaves are where green plants make their food.
Leaves are white tomentose on the underside.
Leaves are wide at base and taper.
Leaves are without hairs on the upper surface and covered with appressed hairs on the lower surface.
Leaves are without hairs.
Leaves are without petioles and have circular leaf bases.
Leaves are yellow and curled.
Leaves are yellow to yellow-green in fall.
Leaves are yellow, gold, and rust.
Leaves are yellow-green, mottled and dwarfed.
Leaves are yellow-green, with black dots on the underside.
Leaves arise from large onion-like underground bulb.
Leaves arise from rhizomes.
Leaves arise from short stems.
Leaves arise from stems.
Leaves arise from underground stems.
Leaves arise from woody stems.
Leaves attract deer.
Leaves attract insects.
Leaves attract pollinators.
Leaves become chlorotic along the outer edges or adjacent to the dead tissue.
Leaves become chlorotic and petioles droop and the plant eventually dies.
Leaves become dark green, then bronze again in the fall.
Leaves become increasingly mottled until the green areas disappear and the plant dies.
Leaves become less toxic as the growing season advances.
Leaves become light brown or straw-colored from the leaf tip toward the base.
Leaves become light green or even completely yellow in extreme cases.
Leaves become more and more crowded toward the stem tip.
Leaves become more reddish-purple with age.
Leaves become mottled with yellow and green mosaic patterns.
Leaves become necrotic.
Leaves become orangish and Fruits are stunted and finally died.
Leaves become pale or yellowish green.
Leaves become paler green, turn brown and die.
Leaves become progressively smaller up the stem.
Leaves become puffy and the tissue is thickened, puckered and brittle.
Leaves become smaller and less lobed toward the top of the plant.
Leaves become straight and smooth with age.
Leaves become tattered and often malformed as terminal growth becomes tangles in rolled leaves.
Leaves become thickened or fleshy galls that turn pale green or white.
Leaves become translucent.
Leaves become transparent, mottled with yellow and sometimes develop purple spots.
Leaves become twisted, and twig dieback can occur during heavy infestations.
Leaves become twisted, hardened and distorted with bronzed lower surfaces.
Leaves become yellow in fall.
Leaves begin to change toward the end of the month with the peak just at season's end.
Leaves begin to fall.
Leaves begin to lose the chlorophyll that gives the green color.
Leaves begin to show purple coloration.
Leaves begin to sprout on the branches of trees with that wonderful bright green colour.
Leaves bend upward on either side of the prominent midvein, like a boat keel.
Leaves blow gently in the breeze And clear cool waters fill the seas.
Leaves blow, the water flows, Where it goes, nobody knows.
Leaves bronzy when young.
Leaves calls to pseudo-macro functions untouched.
Leaves calls to psuedo-macros untouched.
Leaves can act as a laxative or can induce vomiting.
Leaves can be a big factor riding in the woods in the fall.
Leaves can be from four inches to two feet long.
Leaves can be medium green or speckled with gold.
Leaves can be small or large, smooth or hairy, ruffled or plain, green, purple or a little of both.
Leaves can be very big, over  in length.
Leaves can burn the soft tissue of the mouth, use caution.
Leaves can cause dermatitis.
Leaves can choke a flue and set off a chimney fire in a dirty flue.
Leaves can die.
Leaves can droop downward, giving the plant a wilted appearance.
Leaves can have different shapes.
Leaves can spiral into an amazing helix when mature.
Leaves change color when plants stop producing the green pigment, leaving the red or gold color.
Leaves change color, snow falls, and spring brings back the greenery.
Leaves change colors, usually from green to red, orange, yellow and brown.
Leaves change from green to brown very quickly.
Leaves change from green to lime-yellow, and then to bright yellow.
Leaves change to brilliant crimson, russet, and gold.
Leaves changing colors and falling off in autumn is one of the great adaptations of trees.
Leaves chrome clean and shiny.
Leaves ciliate at upper part of hyaline sheath.
Leaves ciliate with reddish margin at first.
Leaves clean our air by adding oxygen.
Leaves cling to dead shoots.
Leaves coat shiny and in top show condition with non-oily feel.
Leaves coat soft and manageable.
Leaves coats soft and manageable.
Leaves collect energy from the sun.
Leaves come and go with the seasons but the roots survive through the winters of our civilization.
Leaves come from trees.
Leaves come in many different shapes and sizes.
Leaves come in many shapes and sizes.
Leaves come in two shades of green with a fresh, fruity fragrance.
Leaves come off the stalk at an obtuse angle.
Leaves come together in a vertical position at night as if praying.
Leaves conserve, store water, and insulate against heat.
Leaves consist of sheath, ligule, blade, collar, auricle.
Leaves conspicuously stipulate .
Leaves contain a substance called chlorophyll that traps the sun's energy.
Leaves contain cellulose.
Leaves contain chlorophyll pigment.
Leaves contain chlorophyll.
Leaves contain chloroplasts.
Leaves contain fiber.
Leaves contain food.
Leaves contain higher prussic acid levels than stems.
Leaves contain oxalic acid and soluble oxalates that can cause death.
Leaves contain oxalic acid, which is injurious, if eaten in large quantities.
Leaves contain phloem.
Leaves contain photosynthetic tissue.
Leaves contain pigment.
Leaves contain the glucoside syringin.
Leaves contain the glucoside, syringin .
Leaves contain tissue.
Leaves contain vascular tissue.
Leaves contain xylem phloem.
Leaves continue the process of life to humans by what they give off.
Leaves continue to transpire in the winter, though at a lesser rate than in the summer.
Leaves correspond to positions at which the game has ended.
Leaves cover with layers.
Leaves crackle as the strangers walk by unconcerned.
Leaves crinkle underfoot.
Leaves curl and thicken, plants become yellow and unthrifty.
Leaves curl down on the edge .
Leaves curl inward and develop a puckered appearance.
Leaves curl up on the edge .
Leaves curl upward and under severe infection are bunched, very small and discolored.
Leaves curl upward, gradually turn completely yellow, and drop from the tree.
Leaves curl, shrivel and die.
Leaves damaged by the pear thrips are dwarfed, mottled yellow to green-brown, and distorted.
Leaves damaged by thrips become disfigured.
Leaves decay if continually kept underwater.
Leaves decrease in size as they ascend the stem.
Leaves deserve Delivery with a distributors outside none duck.
Leaves deter weevils and oil flavors condiments, meat products and liqueurs.
Leaves develop a yellow color, often in V-shaped sectors between the major veins.
Leaves develop brown soft rotten patches and fail to grow.
Leaves develop burgundy coloration in the fall and winter.
Leaves develop during springs.
Leaves develop excellent fall colors from orange to red.
Leaves develop from axils.
Leaves develop in whorls of three, paired, or in fours.
Leaves develop large brown or black blotches, often starting at leaf margins.
Leaves develop large, irregular brown area.
Leaves die and fall.
Leaves die as do entire plants if stems are girdled.
Leaves die back in frost.
Leaves die from base of plant.
Leaves differ from most in that they are heart shaped rather than divided into leaflets.
Leaves display a wide range of genetically and developmentally regulated variation in shape.
Leaves display brilliant and intense colors.
Leaves droop and lose their luster, birds and insects become quiet, and even the air is still.
Leaves drop .
Leaves drop all around, scattering the road with bursts of magenta and yellow and red and orange.
Leaves drop from trees.
Leaves drop off and tip buds die.
Leaves drop off.
Leaves dry flat and retain a good color.
Leaves dry out and cling to the stem.
Leaves dry up, turn black and fall.
Leaves emerge bright pink, changing soon to a deep brown-red.
Leaves emerge from buds.
Leaves emerge from opposite sides of the stem and have margins that are slightly rough.
Leaves emerge from underground bulblets that are covered by thin, papery scales.
Leaves emerge in fall and by the time they bloom they are gone.
Leaves emerge in late springs.
Leaves emerge in springs.
Leaves emerge with creamy color, intensifying with season into fall pink tones.
Leaves emit a distinctive odor when crushed.
Leaves emit a milky sap when broken.
Leaves emit an unpleasant odor, especially when touched.
Leaves enjoy their Autumn.
Leaves enrich the soil's nutrients and quality for maximum root growth.
Leaves eventually die and fall.
Leaves eventually grow along the ground.
Leaves expose to full sunlight.
Leaves expose to sunlight.
Leaves exstipulate .
Leaves fall all year with a minor peak in early summers.
Leaves fall down to the ground.
Leaves fall from avocado trees.
Leaves fall from bushes and trees.
Leaves fall from plants.
Leaves fall from trees.
Leaves fall in all directions from the base.
Leaves fall in autumn.
Leaves fall into the wind.
Leaves fall off after frost.
Leaves fall off during drought or cold conditions.
Leaves fall off plants.
Leaves fall off trees.
Leaves fall softly to the ground like first snow.
Leaves fall when all the cells break down and harden at the point of attachment to the branches.
Leaves feed butterflies.
Leaves feed herbivores.
Leaves feel the pain that comes with the changing seasons.
Leaves float by on the water's glassy surface, coloring the deep, half-mile pond.
Leaves float in shallow water.
Leaves float in water.
Leaves fly around our horses.
Leaves fly in the breeze.
Leaves fold up under the night sky.
Leaves fold upon touch, or being burned or otherwise stimulated.
Leaves form a basal rosette from which a flowering stalk arises, bearing many tiny seeds.
Leaves form a basal rosette with stems arising from the rosette.
Leaves form a medium funnel which holds water.
Leaves form dense clumps on branches, providing a broom-like appearance.
Leaves form mosaic patterns.
Leaves form patterns.
Leaves form thick rosettes at the ends of the stems, though leaves along the stem are fairly sparse.
Leaves form whorl patterns.
Leaves function in food storage and can act as protection, as in bulbs.
Leaves gather on the ground.
Leaves get thick, curl, become brittle.
Leaves give off strong smell when bruised.
Leaves give the soil more bulk than any other compostable matter.
Leaves give trees the energy for growing roots.
Leaves glow even on cloudy days.
Leaves go into the compost pile, twigs go into the green-waste garbage bin or the fireplace.
Leaves gradually die, beginning on the lower part of the plant.
Leaves grow alternately and in clusters.
Leaves grow at tips.
Leaves grow buds.
Leaves grow from a single rosette crown at the top of a deep tap root.
Leaves grow from the young shoots.
Leaves grow grind surfaces.
Leaves grow in a pattern of three from each strong, relatively short stem.
Leaves grow in a tight pattern.
Leaves grow in close masses from creeping rhizomes.
Leaves grow in groups and emerge from the water on stalks.
Leaves grow on single stems.
Leaves grow on stems.
Leaves grow on trees.
Leaves grow on twigs attached to limbs that grow out of branches out of the main trunk.
Leaves grow out of the stem.
Leaves grow surfaces.
Leaves grow trees.
Leaves have (part) leaf shapes.
Leaves have (part) sections.
Leaves have a choice flavor that aids in flavoring soups and salads.
Leaves have a continuous, untoothed margin.
Leaves have a definite life span, as do tillers.
Leaves have a distinct petiole.
Leaves have a distinct point at the tip.
Leaves have a distinct ridge along the midvein.
Leaves have a distinct white midvein that becomes keeled toward the basal potions of the leaf.
Leaves have a distinctive white midvein that runs the length of the entire leaf.
Leaves have a dull upper surface, shiny underside and distinct veins.
Leaves have a gold band on the edges.
Leaves have a long, tapered apex.
Leaves have a pleasant aromatic smell and an aromatic, slightly bitter, astringent, agreeable taste.
Leaves have a short petiole.
Leaves have a slight balsamic flavor.
Leaves have a slight pineapple flavor.
Leaves have an important job.
Leaves have appearances.
Leaves have aroma.
Leaves have bitter taste.
Leaves have black spots of insect excrement, especially on lower surface.
Leaves have black spots with irregular margins.
Leaves have blue-green margins with creamy white centers.
Leaves have bluish color.
Leaves have blunt tips.
Leaves have brown spots.
Leaves have chemical properties.
Leaves have chlorophyll.
Leaves have circular, black spots.
Leaves have color.
Leaves have components.
Leaves have cuticles.
Leaves have delicate vanilla scent.
Leaves have distinct parallel venation.
Leaves have distinct shapes.
Leaves have distinctive light colored edges.
Leaves have drip tips.
Leaves have ecological importance.
Leaves have edges.
Leaves have effects.
Leaves have epidermises.
Leaves have features.
Leaves have fibre.
Leaves have five to seven lobes and are incised, veins are a lighter green with red petioles.
Leaves have green and yellow mottling.
Leaves have hairy petioles.
Leaves have heart shapes.
Leaves have impact.
Leaves have importance.
Leaves have irregular watery light green patches.
Leaves have lemon aroma.
Leaves have lengthwise yellow stripes.
Leaves have life.
Leaves have light texture.
Leaves have long petioles.
Leaves have low proteins.
Leaves have lower surfaces.
Leaves have major impact.
Leaves have many medicinal values as well.
Leaves have many purposes beyond giving fullness of beauty to the trees.
Leaves have moisture.
Leaves have mosaic patterns.
Leaves have mottle appearances.
Leaves have mottle color.
Leaves have numerous small, round holes, causing a shot-hole effect.
Leaves have nutrients.
Leaves have odor of anise.
Leaves have pale spots.
Leaves have pale yellow spots.
Leaves have parallel veins.
Leaves have parallel venation.
Leaves have patterns.
Leaves have petioles that are often longer than the leaf blade.
Leaves have petioles.
Leaves have properties.
Leaves have proteins.
Leaves have purposes.
Leaves have realistic appearances.
Leaves have round tips.
Leaves have rounded bases .
Leaves have same effects.
Leaves have shapes.
Leaves have sharp points rather than the rounded tips of the white oaks.
Leaves have shelf life.
Leaves have shiny surfaces.
Leaves have short petioles and are sparingly pubescent or lacking hairs beneath.
Leaves have short, stiff hairs on their upper and lower surfaces.
Leaves have sides.
Leaves have significant effects.
Leaves have similar appearances.
Leaves have similar taste.
Leaves have slender petioles.
Leaves have small brown spots.
Leaves have small spots.
Leaves have smooth surfaces.
Leaves have smooth texture.
Leaves have spicy aroma.
Leaves have spine edges.
Leaves have spots.
Leaves have springy texture.
Leaves have surfaces.
Leaves have sweet taste.
Leaves have tan to brown spots up to one-fourth inch in diameter.
Leaves have taste.
Leaves have texture.
Leaves have thick cuticles.
Leaves have thin cuticles.
Leaves have three leaflets, glossy green and smooth at the edges.
Leaves have tips.
Leaves have tough texture.
Leaves have two leaflets and a tendril.
Leaves have two main parts, the blade and the petiole or leafstalk.
Leaves have upper epidermises.
Leaves have wavy margins and hairs that occur along the veins of the lower leaf surfaces.
Leaves have waxy surfaces.
Leaves have white spots.
Leaves have yellow spots.
Leaves have yellow-green mottling, dashes and streaks.
Leaves help plants.
Leaves hold water.
Leaves inconspicuously stipulate .
Leaves is great.
Leaves lanceolate and serrulate.
Leaves later turn brown and fall from the tree.
Leaves leak a milky, sticky juice when broken.
Leaves ligulate .
Leaves ligulate, or eligulate.
Leaves linear arising from a bulb.
Leaves look like green leaves.
Leaves look like leaves.
Leaves look pale yellow or scorched.
Leaves lose color as numerous yellow specks appear.
Leaves make a good mulch to mound around trees and shrubs.
Leaves make a pungent aromatic tea.
Leaves make a soft yellow.
Leaves make excellent mulch for outdoor plants and shrubs.
Leaves make flavor tea.
Leaves make food for the plant.
Leaves make good photogram subjects.
Leaves make great fertilizer and wonderful mulch.
Leaves make mosaic patterns.
Leaves make patterns.
Leaves make tea.
Leaves manufacture the sugars and other compounds that serve as food for plants.
Leaves mature to a heavy substance.
Leaves meet stems.
Leaves minutely stipulate .
Leaves minutely stipulate, or exstipulate.
Leaves normally take up to two years to decay.
Leaves obovate to elliptic but various.
Leaves occur in whorls of three to six around the stem.
Leaves occur on petioles and stipules occur where the petiole meets the stem.
Leaves occur on petioles that have an inflated appearance, especially towards the base.
Leaves occur on relatively long petioles.
Leaves occur on short petioles.
Leaves open out with a rusty tone and turn a deep green.
Leaves ovate to obovate, shortly acuminate.
Leaves ovate to triangular-hastate, entire or dentate.
Leaves ovate, fleshy.
Leaves perform functions.
Leaves perform important functions.
Leaves perform that function.
Leaves persist in winter.
Leaves photosynthesise, making sugars.
Leaves pinnate with up to three pairs of widely spaced, glaucous grey leaflets, toothed or lobed.
Leaves pinnately compund with many leaflets.
Leaves pray on an pc photo magazines.
Leaves prevent light and air from reaching lawns, creating an unhealthy situation.
Leaves produce an unpleasant odor if bruised.
Leaves produce digestive enzymes.
Leaves produce enzymes.
Leaves produced by infected corms turn yellow prematurely and die.
Leaves progressively decrease in size upward on the stem.
Leaves protect buds.
Leaves provide a brilliant display of red fall color.
Leaves provide a large surface area for photosynthesis.
Leaves provide food.
Leaves provide habitats.
Leaves provide important nutrients to the soil.
Leaves provide nutrients.
Leaves provide nutrition.
Leaves provide spectacular color where it is cold.
Leaves quickly turn to a bronze color and begin to wilt.
Leaves rapidly produce a dense clump.
Leaves reader hungry for details.
Leaves really take on a new beauty just before they fall off the trees.
Leaves reduce evaporation.
Leaves reduce water evaporation.
Leaves reflect light from the green part of the spectrum.
Leaves remain attached to stem.
Leaves remain attached to the dead stem.
Leaves remain attached to wilted plants.
Leaves remain attached.
Leaves remain on trees.
Leaves remain tender and edible for several weeks after reaching maturity.
Leaves remind everyone of fall and everyone can learn something new too.
Leaves require Delivery outside a distributors behind none duck.
Leaves require sunlight.
Leaves resemble fine pine needles, fanning out from central stem.
Leaves reveal their autumn colors as chlorophyll breaks down and other pigments are unmasked.
Leaves roll into a cup and turn leathery.
Leaves roll up when dead.
Leaves rustle with the gentle morning's breeze.
Leaves serve dual purposes.
Leaves serve purposes.
Leaves serve same purposes.
Leaves serve various purposes.
Leaves shed, roots die.
Leaves shine like tears.
Leaves shivering, it struts and dances in the wind.
Leaves show a characteristic curling, similar to damage caused by viruses.
Leaves show brown or purple spots.
Leaves show characteristics.
Leaves show features.
Leaves show irregular purple blotches on Downy mildew disease.
Leaves show maximum photosynthesis.
Leaves show photosynthesis.
Leaves show signs of stress turning reddish and finally gray powdery as fungus sporulates.
Leaves show typical features.
Leaves show variation.
Leaves sing song messages on answering machines.
Leaves slow the erosive force of rain by intercepting and slowing precipitation.
Leaves softly pubescent.
Leaves sound like a dust storm.
Leaves spread out, hardened or hanging down.
Leaves stand out from surfaces in shelf-like appearance.
Leaves start to droop as the soil dries out, then quickly revive after watering.
Leaves stay on plants.
Leaves stay on until the middle of winter.
Leaves stimulate the heart.
Leaves stipulate .
Leaves stipulate and exstipulate.
Leaves stipulate to exstipulate.
Leaves stipulate, or exstipulate.
Leaves stop producing chlorophyll which is needed to absorb light.
Leaves store nutrients.
Leaves subtending flower clusters broader, shorter, the flowers greenish yellow.
Leaves succulent with crisped margins.
Leaves surround flowers.
Leaves sustain themselves simply with the hope of a new day.
Leaves take on a shot-holed appearance as spots drop out.
Leaves take on a wavy appearance as well.
Leaves take on nice dark cast in winter.
Leaves take up carbon as Roots take up the nitrogen.
Leaves tend to alternate sides of stalk, and the stalk often zigzags back and forth between leaves.
Leaves tend to be more rounded, a lighter green and smoother than the white-stemmed varieties.
Leaves tend to large with serrated edges.
Leaves ternately compound.
Leaves then fall to the ground encouraged by wind or by the sheer weight of gravity.
Leaves trifoliate, fruit long and pyriform.
Leaves trifoliate, lustrous, tough, light green when young, darker after, glabrous when mature.
Leaves turn a brilliant yellow in fall.
Leaves turn a handsome red after frost.
Leaves turn a lighter shade of green or turn yellow.
Leaves turn a lighter shade of green.
Leaves turn a splendor of color.
Leaves turn bright red in response to age, shade, or frost.
Leaves turn bright red in the fall.
Leaves turn bright red.
Leaves turn bright yellow, orange or red in autumn.
Leaves turn brown and fall off deciduous trees in the Autumn.
Leaves turn brown and wilt and blighted branches die back for several inches.
Leaves turn brown around the edges, and sometimes between the veins.
Leaves turn color.
Leaves turn colors and fall to the ground.
Leaves turn copper.
Leaves turn crimson in Autumn.
Leaves turn dark green with age.
Leaves turn deep green on a uniformly smaller, stunted plant.
Leaves turn deep rust color.
Leaves turn golden and fall off.
Leaves turn into mulch.
Leaves turn orange red in fall.
Leaves turn orange-red in fall.
Leaves turn purple color.
Leaves turn purple in the fall.
Leaves turn red in the fall.
Leaves turn red to reddish bronze.
Leaves turn red, yellow, and brown as they dry, but remain firmly attached to the stem.
Leaves turn reddish and remain attached to the stem.
Leaves turn reddish color.
Leaves turn rust color.
Leaves turn scarlet in fall.
Leaves turn tan and remain on the twig.
Leaves turn tan in the fall and winter.
Leaves turn yellow and brown.
Leaves turn yellow and curl upward.
Leaves turn yellow and die at the margin extending towards the middle.
Leaves turn yellow and drop.
Leaves turn yellow and eventually die.
Leaves turn yellow and fall off.
Leaves turn yellow from the tip down, along the leaf margins or in blotchy patches.
Leaves turn yellow in fall.
Leaves turn yellow or a lighter shade of green.
Leaves turn yellow to bronze before falling.
Leaves turn yellow while the veins remain green.
Leaves turn yellow, brown, then wither and die.
Leaves turn yellow, then brown and drop from the plant.
Leaves turn yellow, then brown and finally black but remain on the branch.
Leaves turn yellow, wilt, shrivel and hang downward on one or more branches.
Leaves turn yellow, wither and fall early.
Leaves turn yellow.
Leaves turn yellowish and eventually brown and fall off.
Leaves turning red prematurely in mid-summer on a lone branch are an early sign of dogwood borers.
Leaves typically twist as they become completely necrotic.
Leaves undergo photosynthesis.
Leaves unfolding later in the season often have no symptoms.
Leaves unfurl at the base and disappear for awhile during winter months while the plant is dormant.
Leaves use air, water and sunlight.
Leaves use light energy to make sugars out of carbon dioxide from the air.
Leaves use more energy for respiration than they can produce for photosynthesis.
Leaves vary in shapes.
Leaves vary in size.
Leaves vestigially stipulate, or exstipulate.
Leaves wilting and foliage turning a lighter shade are additional clues.
Leaves work really well.
Leaves Works profoundly on the emotions.
Leaves frequently turn downward.
Leaves often linear and grass-like arising from a bulb, tuber, corm or rhizome.
Leaves often look scorched and blighted, either along the margin or in the interveinal regions.
Leaves often turn bronze and curl under.
Leaves sometimes appear to move.
Leaves usually curl upward and appear burned along edges as a result of feeding in the terminals.
Leaves usually exstipulate.
Leaves usually fall off.
Leaves usually grow in a rosette pattern.
Leaves usually grow in whorls of five or six.
Leaves usually have a glossy appearance on the lower surfaces.
Leaves usually pinnatifid, alternate, ovate in outline, ca.
Leaves usually remain attached to the plant.
Leaves usually stipulate.
All leaves are alternate and have margins that are wavy and toothed.
All leaves are alternate and lanceolate in outline and usually have rough hairs on both surfaces.
All leaves are contingent on departmental teaching and programmatic needs.
All leaves are dark green in color with light green to white midribs and veins.
All leaves are linear in outline.
All leaves are very soft.
All leaves become thicker than normal and brittle, breaking off easily at the stem.
All leaves contain yellow pigments called carotene and xanthophyll.
All leaves have a distinctive white midveing and are covered with long white hairs.
All leaves have a garlic-like or onion scent.
All leaves have dense, soft pubsecence.
All leaves have fine light hairs giving it a velvety appearance.
All leaves have the same depth.
All leaves occur on relatively long petioles.
All leaves run concurrently.
All leaves slightly wavy on edges.
All leaves turn red and looks like flame.
Any leaf can be harvested, simply cut one off and peel back a portion of the skin.
Any leaf is satisfactory if healthy and firm.
Every leaf forms a black or brown sheath around the base of the stem.
Every leaf has a saturation intensity.
Every leaf has to allow a flow of gases in and out of the plant, as well as the exit of water vapor.
Every leaf is hung and aged, sometimes for as long as three years.
Every leaf is somehow involved with everyday learning and teaching all the time.
Many leaves are edible and are eaten by animals, birds, and humans.
Many leaves begin to turn before frost occurs.
Many leaves curl and become distorted.
Many leaves drop early.
More leaves mean more rings and larger onion bulbs.
More leaves provide more protein and minerals.
More leaves waltz their way to the same tune played.
Most leaf eating insects are in their larval, worm-like stage.
Most leaves are broad and very thin, but they have many different shapes.
Most leaves are down now.
Most leaves are from one quarter to one calendar year.
Most leaves are green during the growing season.
Most leaves are more iodine rich than root vegetables.
Most leaves contain a tab.
Most leaves have stomata, which open and close.
Most leaves though are completely normal and show no variegation.
Some leaf infecting fungi cause very conspicuous symptoms.
Some leaves are lost, some are torn, all are yellow and crumpled.
Some leaves are red when they are young but eventually turn green.
Some leaves are trilobate, and others tend towards the seven lobes.
Some leaves are used to store energy in bulbs.
Some leaves are very intricate - like most ferns.
Some leaves are wide and others narrow.
Some leaves change color weeks before the first icy nights.
Some leaves have a golden tip.
Some leaves have a third part called the stipules.
Some leaves have different coloured pigmentation apart from or as well as green.
Some leaves have sheaths .
Some leaves have yellow stripes.
Some leaves produce plantlets that develop into entire plants.
Some leaves require water to boil and brew for specific amounts of time.
Some leaves turn read.
Leafage is a plant organ
Leafage splits the mossed-over surface That moves slowly, unwinding Like threads from a shawl.
Leafe reduction is dependent only on pinching back.
Leaffooted plant bugs typically damage entire clusters.
Most leafhopper songs are too faint to be heard by human ears without special amplifying equipment.
A leafhopper is an insect
Leafhopper isa insect.
Leafhoppers are a group of small insects with piercing-sucking mouthparts.
Leafhoppers are also carriers of plant diseases that can damage plants severely.
Leafhoppers are an important food source for insectivores.
Leafhoppers are common vectors for mycoplasmas.
Leafhoppers are destructive insects that are look similar to tiny grass hoppers.
Leafhoppers are fairly similar in size and appearance to the above spittlebug family.
Leafhoppers are fast maturing insects, producing up to six generations per year.
Leafhoppers are found in temperate, tropical, and subtropical climates.
Leafhoppers are green, brown, or yellow bugs with wedge-shaped wings.
Leafhoppers are green, wedge-shaped, and often walk sideways or hop.
Leafhoppers are heavy in many fields with insecticides being applied.
Leafhoppers are insects.
Leafhoppers are long, wedge-shaped insects that hop or fly short distances.
Leafhoppers are often a serious problem in western North Carolina.
Leafhoppers are one of the known carriers of the pathogen.
Leafhoppers are one of the largest families of plant-feeding insects.
Leafhoppers are present at levels above threshold.
Leafhoppers are present at threshold numbers.
Leafhoppers are quite adept at jumping away from danger.
Leafhoppers are serious pests of many plants.
Leafhoppers are small insects, measuring a quarter to a half-inch long.
Leafhoppers are small, very active, greenish to brownish, slender, wedge-shaped, jumping insects.
Leafhoppers are the main vectors for mycoplasmas and fastidious bacteria.
Leafhoppers are tricky to control.
Leafhoppers are very active on warm, sunny days.
Leafhoppers avoid feeding on shaded plants.
Leafhoppers can become infectious after feeding on a diseased plant for a short period of time.
Leafhoppers can carry and spread diseases.
Leafhoppers cause defoliation in almonds nearly every year.
Leafhoppers cause leaf discoloration along the leaf margins which spreads toward the mid-vein.
Leafhoppers damage the plants they feed on.
Leafhoppers derive their name from their hopping behavior.
Leafhoppers develop in alfalfa first, moving to potatoes later.
Leafhoppers do damage.
Leafhoppers eat leaves.
Leafhoppers feed by inserting a stylet into a leaf midrib and sucking sap juices from the plant.
Leafhoppers feed on a wide variety of host plants, including edible beans.
Leafhoppers feed on blossoms of beans and cause a poor pod set.
Leafhoppers feed on foliage.
Leafhoppers feed on food.
Leafhoppers feed on grape foliage.
Leafhoppers feed on plant sap with the aid of specialized mouthparts.
Leafhoppers feed on rice plants by sucking up plant fluids through their long, piercing mouthparts.
Leafhoppers feed on the plant juices.
Leafhoppers feed on the undersides of leaves.
Leafhoppers have (part) air sacs.
Leafhoppers have (part) brains.
Leafhoppers have (part) carapaces.
Leafhoppers have (part) cell membranes.
Leafhoppers have (part) cells.
Leafhoppers have (part) corpi.
Leafhoppers have (part) cytoplasm.
Leafhoppers have (part) ears.
Leafhoppers have (part) faces.
Leafhoppers have (part) flight feathers.
Leafhoppers have (part) heads.
Leafhoppers have (part) nuclei.
Leafhoppers have (part) plasma membranes.
Leafhoppers have (part) quill feathers.
Leafhoppers have (part) sections.
Leafhoppers have (part) shells.
Leafhoppers have (part) skulls.
Leafhoppers have (part) thoraxes.
Leafhoppers have (part) vacuoles.
Leafhoppers have several generations each year.
Leafhoppers have wings.
Leafhoppers infest several hundred kinds of cultivated and wild plants.
Leafhoppers invade gardens.
Leafhoppers look like tiny, green wedge-shaped insects that appear on the underside of leaves.
Leafhoppers migrate annually from the Gulf States on weather front air currents.
Leafhoppers move from plants.
Leafhoppers normally jump or crawl rapidly sideways when disturbed.
Leafhoppers prefer senescing leaves, and symptoms usually occur on older leaves first.
Leafhoppers prefer to feed and lay eggs in young, succulent alfalfa.
Leafhoppers suck plant juices from many plants including grasses.
Leafhoppers transmit a microorganism that causes stunt disease.
Leafhoppers transmit the virus.
Leafhoppers transmit the viruses.
Leafhoppers transmit viruses in a different manner.
Leafhoppers typically migrate from the edge of the field inward.
Many leafhoppers attack U.S. crops such as corn, rice, citrus, peach, tomato, potato and sugarbeet.
Most leafhoppers are narrow and only about half an inch long.
Most leafhoppers arrive in the county on systems that arise in the Gulf of Mexico.
Most leafhoppers do damage.
Most leafhoppers eat leaves.
Most leafhoppers feed on foliage.
Most leafhoppers feed on food.
Most leafhoppers feed on grape foliage.
Most leafhoppers have wings.
Most leafhoppers invade gardens.
Most leafhoppers move from plants.
Some leafhoppers become problems.
Some leafhoppers bite humans.
Some leafhoppers communicate by substrate vibration.
Some leafhoppers feed on juice.
Some leafhoppers feed on plant juice.
Some leafhoppers feed on plant xylem.
Some leafhoppers feed on plants.
Some leafhoppers feed on xylem.
Some leafhoppers find in fields.
Some leafhoppers find in soybean fields.
Some leafhoppers have black spots.
Some leafhoppers have effects.
Some leafhoppers have heads.
Some leafhoppers have small black spots.
Some leafhoppers have small spots.
Some leafhoppers have spots.
Some leafhoppers produce byproduct.
Some leafhoppers transmit pathogen.
Leafings are biological growth.
Leaflet bases are wedge-shaped or rounded.
Leaflet bases are wedge-shaped.
Leaflet distributors are on the prowl.
Leaflet girl tries to hide.
Leaflet margins are coarsely serrate.
Leaflet margins are finely serrate.
Leaflet margins are serrate or doubly serrate.
Leaflet number is a good indicator of overall plant size.
Leaflet surfaces are dark yellow-green and glabrous above, paler and at first pubescent below.
Leaflet surfaces are glabrous above, pubescent below.
A leaflet is a flap
Leaflet isa tissue.
Leaflets are also available from major food retailers.
Leaflets are also available in some courts.
Leaflets are also available in Spanish.
Leaflets are alternate along rachis.
Leaflets are alternative and opposite, oblique or subfalcate with toothed edges and pointed tips.
Leaflets are an unfocused and limited way to reach people.
Leaflets are asymmetrical and fold when handled.
Leaflets are available giving details.
Leaflets are available in a variety of formats and community languages.
Leaflets are available in large print versions or on floppy disk.
Leaflets are available now in German, English, French, Spanish, Japanese and Dutch.
Leaflets are available on all the new displays.
Leaflets are available on other libraries and record offices with local studies collections.
Leaflets are available to help both plaintiffs and defendants through the various stages of a claim.
Leaflets are available to take away.
Leaflets are bright green and hairless above and paler and hairy on the midrib and veins below.
Leaflets are broad with serrations only on the top half.
Leaflets are broadly obtuse, dark green above and pale below.
Leaflets are broadly ovate and overlapping.
Leaflets are broadly ovate, large and dark green.
Leaflets are cusps.
Leaflets are dark green above and pale green beneath.
Leaflets are dark green in colour with nicely toothed margins.
Leaflets are deltoid-shaped.
Leaflets are downy on the undersides.
Leaflets are free.
Leaflets are generally oblong-lanceolate, and smooth.
Leaflets are generally opposite in arrangement, oblong in shape and pointed at the tip.
Leaflets are in many prison visits centres.
Leaflets are in preparation.
Leaflets are lance shaped, sharply pointed and toothed.
Leaflets are lance-shaped in dense clusters.
Leaflets are large and dark green.
Leaflets are large with pointed tips, medium green and roll when under stress.
Leaflets are large, rounded at the base and pointed at the tip.
Leaflets are leafs.
Leaflets are linear with entire margins.
Leaflets are located in demonstrations.
Leaflets are long and narrow.
Leaflets are long with pointed tips and a rounded base.
Leaflets are long, medium in width and light to medium green in color.
Leaflets are long, narrow and blunt at the terminals.
Leaflets are moderately broad and have only a slight indentation.
Leaflets are oblong and have entire leaf margins.
Leaflets are on stalks.
Leaflets are one inch long and hairy underneath.
Leaflets are oval to rounded in outline, dark green above and pale beneath.
Leaflets are oval with serrations.
Leaflets are ovate or egg-shaped, with acute tips, dark green and medium in size.
Leaflets are ovate, acute lobed and asymmetrical.
Leaflets are papery, with a glabrous upper surface.
Leaflets are part of hearts.
Leaflets are pubescent underneath.
Leaflets are shiny.
Leaflets are small and break down quickly.
Leaflets are small and curled downward.
Leaflets are small, rolled, and distorted.
Leaflets are small.
Leaflets are smooth, with waxen coating or slight pubescence, predominantly narrow.
Leaflets are somewhat shiny and dark green.
Leaflets are spiny.
Leaflets are stunted, turn yellow, then blacken and fall.
Leaflets are thin, elliptical, dark green above, and pale beneath.
Leaflets are wider towards the middle whereas black walnut leaflets are wider towards the base.
Leaflets can ask consumers to boycott the employer and shop elsewhere.
Leaflets can be narrow, wide, thick, or thin, toothed, hairy, or comblike.
Leaflets can be ordered - however little online information is provided.
Leaflets curl, roll upward, and are scorched at the margins.
Leaflets detailing the move are available in libraries.
Leaflets dk shiny green.
Leaflets emerge bronze-red, turn to rich green and then purple to red in autumn.
Leaflets explaining the project and gift forms are on the tables in each lobby.
Leaflets form hollow pods which eventually turn brown.
Leaflets give the canopy a lush green look.
Leaflets giving more information, and application forms, are available from local libraries.
Leaflets have (part) corpi.
Leaflets have a characteristic curry-like smell when crushed.
Leaflets have a few teeth, or are nearly entire, and glossy green.
Leaflets have entire leaf margins.
Leaflets have stalks.
Leaflets have the ability to move.
Leaflets have thorns on the lower surfaces and a notably wrinkled upper leaf surface.
Leaflets linear, numerous, sometimes ciliate.
Leaflets never have axillary buds, but compound leaves always have one at the base.
Leaflets oblanceolate or linear, minutely toothed above.
Leaflets obovate to oblanceolate, obtuse at the apex, wedge-shaped at the base, entire.
Leaflets oval to obovate with a rounded apex.
Leaflets ovate or broadly oval, dentate above, wedge-shaped below, slightly hairy.
Leaflets possess vesicular glands below, which are membranaceous or rather tick.
Leaflets provide important information.
Leaflets provide information.
Leaflets provide summaries.
Leaflets pulvinate, or epulvinate.
Leaflets sharply taper at the apex and are finely serrate, or toothed, along the margin.
Leaflets sometime show small black interveinal nechrotic dots.
Leaflets turn golden brown in autumn.
Leaflets turn yellow, curl, and wilt.
Leaflets turn yellow, wither, and drop pre- maturely.
Leaflets Use the buttons on the right to change screens or search the site.
Leaflets vary from five to seven per leaf, flowers form in small clusters, and hips are round.
Leaflets sometimes show small black interveinal necrotic dots . . . . .
Leaflets usually have spiny margins.
All leaflets are available in English, some also in Spanish.
All leaflets are free of charge unless otherwise stated.
All leaflets are free.
All leaflets correspond to the Bible.
Most leaflets are part of hearts.
Most leaflets have one to three coarse teeth near their base.
Most leaflets provide important information.
Most leaflets provide information.
Most leaflets provide summaries.
Some leaflets also have a glossy coating on top called a cuticle.
Some leaflets are available on cassette.
Some leaflets are well documented and often illustrated in the literature.
Some leaflets have edges.
Some leaflets have fruit.
Some leaflets have lobes.
Some leaflets have petioles.
Some leaflets have short petioles.
Some leaflets have single lobes.
Some leaflets have slender petioles.
Some leaflets have white, V-shaped markings.
Leafs fail to capitalize on five power play chances.
Leafs miss another opportunity to make statement against first-round rival.
Leafs stay cool More in Leafs vs.
Leafy asters are ideal for growing in meadows and in fence lines.
Leafy asters vary greatly, with some forms much more attractive than others.
Leafy buds growing from the protonema become the familiar moss plants.
Leafy food is close at hand in the lush forests.
Leafy green vegetables have high values.
Leafy green vegetables have values.
Leafy green vegetables provide nutrients.
Leafy greens are especially succeptible.
Leafy greens are great sources of folate, orange and yellow veggies provide beta-carotene.
Leafy greens are important.
Leafy greens are spinach and lettuce.
Leafy greens can tolerate light shade.
Leafy greens contain E and B folate.
Leafy greens cook more evenly if partially thawed and separated before cooking.
Leafy greens prefer high-nitrogen.
Leafy greens run the gamut of flavors.
Most leafy greens make respectable protein partners or fare well in salad or soup.
Most leafy greens share the same insect pests, including aphids, leafhoppers, and leafminers.
Some leafy greens are no higher in iron than white meat.
Leafy herbs have smell.
Leafy items are extremely perishable and needs to be handled delicately, and marketed rapidly.
Leafy liverworts are obviously, leafy, and look very much like the mosses.
Leafy liverworts come in a huge variety.
Leafy liverworts have leaves.
Leafy liverworts have sides.
Most leafy liverworts have a row of small leaves on one side of their stems, but few mosses do.
Most leafy liverworts have antheridia and archegonia on separate plants.
Most leafy liverworts have sides.
Some leafy liverworts grow on plants.
Some leafy liverworts have antheridiums.
Some leafy liverworts require water.
Leafy mistletoes have green stems with thick leaves that are nearly oval in shape.
Leafy plants can be red, green, or brown in color.
Leafy plants grow in areas.
Leafy plants grow in moist areas.
Leafy plants grow on floors.
Leafy plants grow on forest floors.
Leafy plants include spinach.
Leafy plants vary in length.
Most leafy plants grow in areas.
Most leafy plants grow in moist areas.
Most leafy plants grow on floors.
Most leafy plants grow on forest floors.
Leafy sheaths wrap the stems at the bottom of the plant.
Leafy shoots require a mist bed.
Some leafy shoots produce antheridiums.
A leafy spurge is a spurge
Leafy spurge contains a white milky latex in all plant parts.
Leafy spurge has an extensive root system of branching rhizomes and deep roots.
Leafy spurge has an extensive root system.
Leafy spurge has no natural enemies in North America.
Leafy spurge has the potential to re-produce rapidly and establish dense local populations.
Leafy spurge has the potential to spread to thousands of additional acres if left uncontrolled.
Leafy spurge irritates the mouth and digestive tract of cattle.
Leafy spurge is a highly aggressive and difficult to control herbaceous exotic plant.
Leafy spurge is a particular problem in such areas as the northern United States and Canada.
Leafy spurge is a perennial noxious weed that's spreading on rangelands.
Leafy spurge is a perennial rangeland weed from the European steppes that grows in dense patches.
Leafy spurge is a perennial that forms large colonies.
Leafy spurge is a serious problem that can completely overtake grasslands.
Leafy spurge is a weed that meets all three criteria.
Leafy spurge is an invasive weed offering great potential for the use of biological control methods.
Leafy spurge is found in the Meeker area.
Leafy spurge is scattered in the ungrazed area.
Leafy spurge is the key.
Leafy stems attain height.
Some leafy trees yield fruit.
A leafy vegetable is a vegetable
Leafy vegetables adapt easily to containers.
Leafy vegetables are another excellent source of food.
Leafy vegetables are easy to grow.
Leafy vegetables contain abundant amounts of provitamins A, e.g., beta-carotene.
Leafy vegetables contain amounts.
Leafy vegetables contain more vitamins and minerals and fewer calories than any other vegetables.
Leafy vegetables have high values.
Leafy vegetables have values.
Leafy vegetables provide nutrients.
Leafy vegetables require quick, continuous growth for best quality.
Most leafy vegetables contain amounts.
Most leafy vegetables have high values.
Most leafy vegetables have values.
Most leafy vegetables provide nutrients.
Some leafy vegetables belong to families.
Some leafy vegetables belong to sunflower families.
Some leafy vegetables have calcium.
Leafy vines grow from pumpkin seeds.
Leafy vines seem to grow from the borders, filling the margin with a delicate network.
League bowling is a very popular activity on post.
League bowling is now in full swing.
League City is just outside Houston, Texas.
League City is our home of choice.
League Clubs Call Players For Training.
League matches consist of twenty-four total points.
All league matches tend to take place indoors during the winter and early spring season.
League tables are everywhere.
League teams consist of four to eight players.
League teams play a double round-robin schedule culminating in the semifinals and championship game.
League teams play on fields throughout the city and are always looking for free fields.
League teams welcome.
Some league teams feel the field is unsafe and refuse to play football on field.
A league is association
League aims to clean up campaigns in Pa.
League announces candidates list for assembly polls.
League badly needs a proper international dimension.
League can make a difference at the local level.
League competes in the multiple statewide competitions.
League consists of a twelve game schedule.
League consists of ten matches plus playoffs.
League consists of three divisions.
League doubles champion.
League gets dismissal of much of players law suit, but trial is still set.
League is a faster, younger man's sport than it was.
League is an optional argument which can be used to specify pre-NBA leagues.
League is closed for now.
League is full but applications are gladly accepted.
League is full.
League is much more preoccupied by union than vice-versa.
League is one of the best in New England as several teams each year qualify for post-season play.
League is played with at least four person teams.
League is popular in the north of England and in Australia.
League is very active and loves to trade.
League isa organization.
League offers both a recreational and a competitive team. . . . . . . . .
League offers both a recreational and a competitive team.
League play available.
League play coming up.
League play for men, women, seniors and juniors.
League play for the Spring Season is optional, but encouraged.
League play in singles, doubles and mixed.
League play in the fall season eventually ends and the spring tournaments seem so far way.
League play in the game is virtually unchanged.
League Play leaderboard and stats.
League play takes place during the spring and fall.
League play takes place in the spring and fall.
League plays exclusively over the modem.
League plays weekday evenings.
League provides a fourteen game schedule , insurance and uniforms .
League reserves the right to add players to teams as they see necessary.
League runs for eight weeks.
League runs for seven consecutive weeks.
League sign up is now underway.
League sign up numbers are down from last year.
League sponsors community events, service projects, training programs and fundraisers.
League start date to be announced.
League use only Date recvd.
Leagues are all year round, and is a great place to train during the wet season.
Leagues are also available for older and more advanced players.
Leagues are association.
Leagues are available for all skill levels, as is coaching for individuals and groups.
Leagues are available for all skill levels.
Leagues are available for men, women and children during specified times and seasons.
Leagues are available for men's women's and corec teams.
Leagues are available for men's, women's, and co-rec teams.
Leagues are divided by grades or age, some leagues are co-rec.
Leagues are now open and accepting signups.
Leagues are offered year round, next session starts as soon as current one ends.
Leagues are open to all area girls fast-pitch softball teams.
Leagues are open to boys and girls in the third grade and up as well as adults.
Leagues are open to men's, women's and co-ed teams.
Leagues are organizations.
Leagues are responsible for fixing any errors through trades and waivers.
Leagues are soldier friendly and scheduled around mission and training requirements.
Leagues are unions.
Leagues are welcome.
Leagues are year-round and various tournaments are offered between seasons.
Leagues Be the best of the best.
Leagues begin to function.
Leagues being offered are men's, coed and women's.
Leagues can get up to date stats and standings.
Leagues can join sports combine for free .
Leagues come and go.
Leagues commence at the beginning of each semester.
Leagues consist of a round robin format.
Leagues continue from year to year.
Leagues create teams.
Leagues demand certain conditions.
Leagues differ in how and how much revenue they share among members.
Leagues do sell out.
Leagues exist for roller hockey and rodeo at the high school level, for example.
Leagues feature English, French and German teams.
Leagues follow established rules, and can add their own when necessary.
Leagues form quickly and competition is fierce.
Leagues form up every few weeks and continue throughout the winter season.
Leagues have difficulty finding hosts, and then have difficulty finding staffs.
Leagues have policy.
Leagues have tolerance policy.
Leagues occur during the day, evenings and weekends.
Leagues operate in winter and summer and involve a certain amount of travel within the district.
Leagues play games.
Leagues play in summer and fall.
Leagues play quarterly.
Leagues play six nights a week.
Leagues preceed cities.
Leagues provide team camaraderie, fun and excitement.
Leagues run anywhere from four to eight weeks, with teams playing at least once per week.
Leagues run eight weeks.
Leagues run for two full months regardless of rain-outs or cancellations.
Leagues run in the summer months.
Leagues run seven nights a week on our artificial turf.
Leagues run six nights a week, with varied membership fees.
Leagues run throughout the year and provide an excellent atmosphere.
Leagues run year around.
Leagues succeed in highly transient environments, such as colleges and workplaces.
Leagues take place throughout the year every day of the week.
Leagues tend to be based on sanctuaries.
Leagues then alternate picks throughout the rounds.
Leagues travel to regional and statewide tournaments and games.
Leagues typically arrange teams in several divisions to ensure relatively even competition.
Leagues use ratings to match players of equal abilities.
Leagues vary from recreational to highly competitive.
Leagues vary in length, day of week and time of day.
Leagues often grow up around a single individual with organizational abilities and enthusiasm.
All league start dates and times are subject to change.
All leagues also have the option to purchase additional banners or dasher board decals.
All leagues are co-ed.
All leagues are co-rec.
All leagues are different.
All leagues are doubleheaders.
All leagues are handicap.
All leagues are non-checking .
All leagues are non-checking.
All leagues are subject to restructuring depending upon interest of teams which register.
All leagues are subject to restructuring depending upon interest of teams who register.
All leagues are subject to weekly dues.
All leagues are two weeks into second half action.
All leagues feature separate divisions for men and women.
All leagues have a double header set-up.
All Leagues have full schedules posted.
All leagues have maximum team limits.
All leagues offer prizes.
All leagues Pay attention to transactions.
All leagues play in the evenings.
All leagues play on the fields in Greenbelt.
All leagues then conduct a single elimination tournament.
Every league is different.
Many leagues determine draft position ahead of time.
Many leagues now draft in an internet chat room - the next best thing to actually being together.
Many Leagues now use a committee system.
Many leagues post their league happenings on the Web just to show off.
Many leagues require the use of mouth guards for players that choose a half shield.
Many leagues try to make all positions equal.
Most leagues adopt some rule allowing for certain arrearages.
Most leagues are offered year round, next session starts as soon as current one ends.
Most leagues create teams.
Most leagues do their scheduling by hand, and the opportunities out there are very real.
Most leagues gradually increase the hardness of the ball as the child ages.
Most leagues have a small fee for participation.
Most leagues have a two-week, single elimination post season tournament.
Most leagues have Investments.
Most leagues have one practice session and one game per week.
Most leagues have policy.
Most leagues have their Super Bowl in one of the final two weeks of the regular season.
Most leagues have tolerance policy.
Most leagues play games.
Most leagues sign up during the first week of classes.
Most leagues use a handicap system to equalize the competition.
Most leagues use report cards at sign ups as verification of satisfactory progress.
Most leagues use the round-robin format.
Some leagues allow each team to do their own transactions.
Some leagues allow for a courtesy runner for the pitcher and catcher.
Some leagues allow teams to make changes at any time for any reason, but that can get out of hand.
Some leagues also have nightly fees, or player fees.
Some leagues also have their own web pages.
Some leagues choose to combine leagues.
Some leagues don t even keep score lest it lead to a traumatized kid.
Some leagues even have rules that require a person of each gender per team.
Some leagues even plan ahead of time to have a split season.
Some leagues fill faster than others.
Some leagues give bonuses for number of completions, rushing attempts, and receptions.
Some leagues give owners the options of different lineups, while others have a required lineup.
Some leagues have places.
Some leagues hold contests.
Some leagues implement salary caps.
Some leagues limit pitching by counting innings.
Some leagues offer the same compensations packages to support staff that the players get.
Some leagues play teams in surrounding suburbs.
Some leagues prefer auctions to employ salaries and create the whole keeper league concept.
Some leagues recommend neck guards.
Some leagues require jersey numbers or lettering.
Some leagues score by touchdowns and yardage, which causes unrealistically high game scores.
Some leagues take places.
Some leagues trade for recreation while other leagues trade very infrequently.
Leak definitions become increasingly stringent over the course of the three phases.
Leak detection can help prevent a bear of a problem from getting loose in the environment.
Leak inquiries do form a major part of our corruption investigations.
Leak investigations tend to be costly, time-consuming and usually fruitless.
Leak rate is reported in cubic centimeters per minute.
Leak rate is too small to be measured with available equipment.
Leak test is included in a standard model .
Leak testing can be a very frustrating task.
Leak testing is performed.
A leak is a hole
Leaks also are wasteful.
Leaks also create underground ponds, where bacteria flourish around the pipes.
Leaks are a continuous aesthetic problem and also threaten chemical storage facilities.
Leaks are a frequent cause of trouble in hydraulic equipment.
Leaks are a problem throughout the project.
Leaks are a serious hazard.
Leaks are a service or maintenance problem.
Leaks are common and often it takes only a little sleuthing to find the source.
Leaks are common at the deck to hull joints and around cabin windows.
Leaks are common but can usually be stopped by replacing the washers in the faucet nozzle.
Leaks are costly, and consumers can end up paying a great deal for wasted water.
Leaks are damage.
Leaks are disclosures.
Leaks are expensive and can cause extensive damage.
Leaks are holes.
Leaks are human nature.
Leaks are leaks in the pads or the keys.
Leaks are located in boats.
Leaks are micturition.
Leaks are more significant when pressure is high.
Leaks are more than irritations.
Leaks are most likely to occur in the weak spots.
Leaks are nothing new.
Leaks are one of the most common signs, simple to recognize, yet often unheeded.
Leaks are only deadly if they re-occur constantly.
Leaks are repairable by hiring a licensed leak detection company.
Leaks are repairable with special fittings, but the process is both time-consuming and costly.
Leaks are soft rots.
Leaks are the number one cause of water waste.
Leaks are the number one indoor menace in terms of conservation.
Leaks are then a poor man's substitute for political accountability.
Leaks are to be avoided.
Leaks are usually due to damaged faces at connections or improper fittings.
Leaks are usually less than reputable to begin with.
Leaks are usually obvious from the log and they are always at the top.
Leaks can also develop in the piping between the tanks and the pumps.
Leaks can be almost anywhere.
Leaks can be costly and lead to structural deterioration and damage to valuable equipment.
Leaks can be deadly.
Leaks can be maddening and can also cause considerable damage.
Leaks can be very difficult and costly to fix.
Leaks can be very tricky and difficult to detect.
Leaks can cause fires.
Leaks can deteriorate interior finishes such as plaster and wood.
Leaks can develop in units that are only five years old.
Leaks can go undetected for years and rack up thousands of dollars in extra bills.
Leaks can hurt the performance of storm windows a lot.
Leaks can just as easily result from poor seals and connections, as well as from inadequate welds.
Leaks can occur at end fittings.
Leaks can occur due to tank damage or at piping connections.
Leaks can occur from improper fabrication or installation or as the result of freeze damage.
Leaks can occurs at joints, resulting in leakage of transformer oil to the soil environment.
Leaks can result from loose connections, corrosion, cracks or other damage to the exhaust manifold.
Leaks can result in the risk of exposure to workers and the public.
Leaks can run along stringers and liners, emerging some distance from the source.
Leaks can seal over.
Leaks can spread very rapidly in electronic communication.
Leaks can waste a lot of water.
Leaks can waste hundreds of gallons of water a day.
Leaks cause breaks.
Leaks cause the roof to bubble which eventually results in a lunar landscape look.
Leaks change the timing.
Leaks create mould, which feeds on school foundations and other building materials.
Leaks develop at the seams, fasteners and around protrusions.
Leaks easily happen without micromanagement, and even with that, they still occur.
Leaks happen, particularly in high-profile cases.
Leaks mean they are losing oil and dampening ability.
Leaks obviously come from someone with something to gain by leaking.
Leaks occur repeatedly.
Leaks occur when seals inside the faucet become dirty or worn.
Leaks occur when the flushing mechanism is out of adjustment or when parts are worn.
Leaks occur when the toilet is out of adjustment or when parts are worn.
Leaks outside are just as wasteful as leaks inside.
Leaks reach groundwater.
Leaks regarding sensitive business material are always a concern.
Leaks seem to be at stream crossings.
Leaks show up as black.
Leaks tend to grow over time and they tend to operate differently under different conditions.
Leaks always happen.
Leaks always have a purpose.
Leaks often begin around flashing or where two roofs join, particularly if one was added on later.
Leaks often develop around the pvc tubes which the forestay and shrouds go through.
Leaks often occur in hallways and classrooms.
Leaks usually mean replacing the o-rings or the entire cartridge.
All leaks cause water to be wasted.
Any leak detected in the valve is cause for immediate repair or replacement.
Any leaks are bad news.
Any leaks mean it's time for a rebuild.
Every leak means money out the window, too.
Many leaks are easily detectable with just a simple look.
Many leaks are easy to fix.
Many leaks are of little consequence.
Many leaks are the result of piping failures.
Most leaks are easy to detect and easy to repair with some basic know-how and a few simple tools.
Most leaks are easy to find and to fix, at very little cost.
Most leaks are easy to find, but some can go undetected.
Most leaks are easy to fix by simply changing a worn washer.
Most leaks are easy to fix with the replacement of a gasket.
Most leaks are simple to find and easily fixed, at low or no cost.
Most leaks are the result of installer problems.
Most leaks occur at a joint and can be repaired with rubber tape or self-adhesive tape.
Most leaks occur at joints, at structural connections, or at shrinkage cracks in concrete.
Most leaks occur commonly in faucets, pipe joints and the toilet.
Most leaks occur due to corrosion of the tanks or their piping, or due to spills and overfills.
Most leaks occur from high risk USTs.
Most leaks occur in the waterfall or streambed.
Most leaks result from worn washers in household faucets and showerheads.
Most leaks start as small ones, developing into large ones over a period of time.
Some leaks are apparent upon visual inspection.
Some leaks slowly compromise the structural integrity of a building.
Leakage channels have the same conductance at all potentials.
Leakage current is dependent upon wire gage, insulation dielectric and length.
Leakage current is specified at a higher voltage, the operating or test voltage of the relay.
Leakage inductance is a function of frequency.
Leakage power is reduced due to the use of high threshold transistors in the non-critical paths.
Leakage also is known as egress.
Leakage also occurs through the jurors' other nonverbal body cues.
Leakage also provides tables, a bibliography, and a very useful index.
Leakage can affect adults in any age group.
Leakage can also result from supply displacement.
Leakage can be direct or indirect, written or verbal.
Leakage can be focal, or diffuse.
Leakage can cause dangerous ice patches to form.
Leakage can cause health problems ranging from nausea to respiratory distress.
Leakage can damage other cargo, passenger baggage, even the aircraft itself.
Leakage can occur between two wires, PCB tracks or parallel cables.
Leakage can occur if the flashing leaks water.
Leakage causes damage.
Leakage causes the retina to swell which interferes with normal vision.
Leakage defeats the effectiveness of even the best respirator for the situation.
Leakage does occur.
Leakage is a concern for all water system engineers and operators.
Leakage is a direct result of using a limited set of sampled data.
Leakage is a little more controlled at the Marleys now.
Leakage is a run
Leakage is also a possibility.
Leakage is apparent when there is any unexplained decrease in the fuel level.
Leakage is caused by stocks leaving an index because their capitalization has declined.
Leakage is indicated directly on eye tube.
Leakage is inevitable.
Leakage is measured on the meter rather than the less accurate neon type bulb.
Leakage is measured with a built in programmable voltage.
Leakage is measured with a programmable voltage level.
Leakage is most common during activity such as walking or bouts of coughing.
Leakage is necessary to cool the stuffing box and reduce the wear.
Leakage is really a shielding problem.
Leakage is stopped when the leak is clogged by large liquid molecules.
Leakage is the communication of threats or plans to act out violently prior to the event.
Leakage is the usual cause of tube-site complications.
Leakage isa motion.
Leakage means rust inside.
Leakage means what it implies.
Leakage occurs from can defects, punctures, or rough handling.
Leakage refers to the charge pump leakage in the tri-state mode and is specified in the datasheet.
Leakage represents large monetary losses and personnel danger as well as environmental problems.
Leakage reveals itself in Protein test and Red blood cells in the urine measured by a urinalysis.
Leakage seems to be caused mainly by the wettability of the substrate board.
Leakage starts in the low current region.
Leakage stops when the activity stops.
Leakage typically occurs as a result of a pressure differential across the hole.
Leakage often results from fill heights that are too high.
Leakage usually starts in four years.
Any leakage is to the ambient environment of to a leakage collection system as required.
Any leakage is to the ambient environment.
Any leakage then causes the leaking cavity to lose pressure.
Most leakage causes damage.
Some leakage causes death.
Some leakage still exists.
Some leakage still occurs, and now a concerted effort is under way to rework all flashing.
Leaked letters show extent of dependence on ministers' whims.
Leaked petroleum produces vapors that can be detected in the soil gas.
Leaky basements are the bane of homebuilders everywhere.
Leaky buckets provide simple and user-programmable means of traffic regulation.
Leaky buildings continue to be a hot topic in Vancouver where it has been known to rain on occasion.
Leaky cartridges are a thing of the past .
Leaky faucets are indications of more serious plumbing problems in the minds of buyers.
Leaky heart valves result in shortness of breath and require expert cardiological advice.
Leaky houses can have problems, too, if there are appliances with powerful fans.
Leaky jars are very bad things.
Leaky modes are also apparent by their gradual amplitude decay.
Leaky pipes destroy chapter room and dance floor ceilings.
Leaky plumbing is an ever-present reality in the East, with which one simply learns to live.
Lean bacon adds more flavor than does fatty.
Lean beef can be just as low in fat as chicken, fish and turkey.
Lean beef fits into a healthy diet.
Lean beef has only slightly more saturated fat than skinless chicken breast.
Lean beef is packed with key nutrients like zinc, iron, protein and many B-vitamins.
Lean beef is packed with nutrition and can fit very nicely into a healthful eating plan.
Lean boys hurry through the crowd, pushing handcarts piled high with merchandise.
Lean budgets are another factor behind the review.
Lean companies develop their competitive advantage by sharing more knowledge more efficiently.
Lean companies have more cash to invest in the business to fuel future growth.
Lean companies tend to be very thoughtful in their applications of advanced manufacturing systems.
Lean condition seems less as the car heats up.
Lean construction implies the optimization of storage and logistics.
Lean construction is increasingly popular as an object of academic research.
Lean cuts can benefit from being marinated before cooking.
Lean cuts have less fat and marbling.
Lean cuts help reduce fat intake.
Lean distribution is part of an integrated look at the way vehicles are developed.
Lean finger plays.
Lean fish tend to become coarse and dry when smoked.
Lean fuel produces higher combustion temps and hence more power.
Lean government is popular.
Lean hybrids are more reactive and more likely to squeal when touched.
Lean liberty is better than fat slavery.
Lean Machine mixes easily with a spoon, which means no powder clumps or blenders to deal with.
Lean manufacturers do everything more efficiently.
Lean manufacturing can help turn marginal companies into the supplier of choice.
Lean manufacturing is an efficient production process that creates less waste and more product.
Lean manufacturing is an ongoing process that is discussed and reviewed on a weekly basis.
Lean manufacturing means more than changing production methods.
Lean mass is a good conductor of electricity and fat mass is a poor conductor.
Lean meat adds variety to eating plans.
Lean meat can benefit from marinades to help increase flavor and tenderness.
Lean meat cooks more quickly, so check it often.
Lean meat has less cholesterol than fatty meat.
Lean meat is also susceptible to deterioration.
Lean meat is best.
Lean meat is composed of long, thin muscle fibers bound together in bundles.
Lean meat is dry to begin with.
Lean meat is exposed and is susceptible to deterioration through microbial growth.
Lean meat is readily available as are low-fat milk and milk products.
Lean meats can be red, however, trim or cook-out fat.
Lean meats contain less cholesterol than fatty meats.
Lean meats cook quickly in the broiler or on the grill.
Lean meats have an enhanced flavor when marinated before grilling.
Lean meats stay lean since, unlike frying, grilling allows fat to drip away as meat cooks.
Lean muscle burns more calories than flab.
Lean muscle has a greater density than fat so it weighs more and takes up less space.
Lean muscle has much more water than fat tissue and allows the signal to pass easily.
Lean muscle is much heavier than fat.
Lean pants pinstriped in dark colors and paired with shirts and vests are key.
Lean pigs rely on dietary sources of fat for fat tissue growth rather than de novo fat synthesis.
Lean pork is as effective as skinless chicken in lowering blood cholesterol.
Lean principles apply to all industries.
Lean production is instrumental.
Lean production is the philosophy and practice of eliminating waste.
Lean production seeks to eliminate all defects.
Lean protein can also help slow down the process.
Lean protein has the greatest single impact on zinc absorption.
Lean protein is the key to balancing blood chemistry and building lean muscle.
Lean proteins are recommended- chicken, turkey, and fish.
Lean proteins support strong muscles, healthy bones and optimal immune function.
Lean sausage has methods.
Most lean sausage has methods.
Lean sentences are the most inviting to read.
Lean structure makes it especially food compatible.
Lean systems are fragile and include both tangible and intangible elements.
Lean systems require stable demand to operate well.
Lean times are ahead.
Lean tissue is highly conductive due to high fluid and electrolyte content.
Lean tissue refers all other tissues of the body other than fatty tissue.
Lean tissue weighs more per unit volume than body fat.
Lean turkey is a great source of high-quality protein.
Lean turkey is a top tryptophan source.
Lean turkey tends to stick.
Lean weight includes the muscles, bones, tendons, ligaments, and water in the body.
Lean weight produces work and burns food calories.
Lean years follow in the wake of a great war.
Leaner budgets demand advanced energy management.
Leaner meats require additional water and oil to prevent the mixture from being too dry.
Leaner pork means less cooking time.
Leaner times seem to produce meaner times.
Leaner women derive their advantage from the fact that fat makes estrogen.
Leaps of faith are no substitute for real-world proof.
Leaps of faith are one thing.
Leaps of faith require complete faith.
LEAP training is in process at several locations.
A leap is a jumping
LEaP begins with a self-assessment process.
LEaP is a dimensionally based process.
LEAP recruits students from nearby high schools and colleges to serve as instructors and mentors.
LEAPs are available at LEAPs home page .
Leaps are distance.
Leaps are jumps.
Leaps are long-term options, CAPs are index options that resemble vertical spreads.
Leaps are mostly to or from an open string.
LEAPs are to be carried out by people living in a given area.
Leaps are transitions.
LEAPs contribute to overall local development and an improvement in environmental health.
Leaps wear out.
Leaps always have incredible extension and amplitude, including two straddle full combinations.
A leaper is a jumper
Leaper is like a flea, with huge rear legs and the ability to leap high into the air.
Leapers get tired and give up.
Leapers often can t say how they got a right answer.
Learn activities introduce knowledge.
Learn disability affects perceptions.
Learn experience helps students.
Learn function allows machine to mem-orize complex sequences.
Learn peyote stitch with the beginning project, an eye-catching American flag key chain.
Learn programs take place at various churches in the north Atlanta area.
Learned behavior depends on experience.
Learned behavior includes imprinting, trial and error, conditioning and insight.
Learned behavior is a door.
Learned behavior is acquired through experience .
Learned behavior is behavior that has been learned from experience or from observing other animals.
Learned behavior is behavior that is learned.
Learned behavior is more complex and more efficient than innate behavior.
Learned behavior is passed on from mother to child in a near-human symbiotic relationship.
Learned behavior is something an animal discovers through trial, error and observation.
Learned behavior is usually more variable, changeable, or adaptable than innate behavior.
Learned behaviors are behaviors that the red panda learns after birth by experience and observation.
Learned behaviors are traits that are learned.
Learned knowledge enables students to read and listen more so they acquire more.
Learner autonomy comes into play as learners begin to accept responsibility for their own learning.
Learner autonomy requires a didactic lecturer also to become a facilitator of learning.
Most learner drivers have only one driving lesson per week.
A learner is a person
Learner approaches work with insight, creativity, and professional quality.
Learner can control the learning process, studying when and as quickly as they want to.
Learner can devote more time to the demands of learning because responsibilities are minimal.
Learner can make and learn from mistakes without fearing harm to real patient.
Learner can practice integrating knowledge and skills in real time.
Learner changes in learner models.
Learner chooses a role and the voices of other roles can be spoken by computer system.
Learner determines what constitutes evidence and collects it.
Learner engages in question provided by teacher, materials, or other source.
Learner forms reasonable and logical argument to communicate explanations.
Learner formulates explanation after summarizing evidence.
Learner has access to help or review.
Learner has self-concept and is responsible for own decisions.
Learner identifies cultural and diversity stereotypes in the workplace.
Learner independently examines other resources and forms the links to explanations.
Learner is independent.
Learner isa individual.
Learner isa person.
Learner isa somebody.
Learner isa someone.
Learner knows that some libraries provide separate collections for special user groups.
Learner logs fairly complete Little evidence of effort on research.
Learner poses a question for scientific study.
Learner posts questions to mentor groups.
Learner pre and post assessment is mandatory.
Learner pre and post assessment is required.
Learner reads content provided by instructor.
Learner recognizes the relationship of broader, narrower, and related terms.
Learner selects among questions, poses new questions.
Learner sharpens or clarifies question provided by teacher, materials, or other source.
Learner takes quiz, which requires completing the quiz developed at an on-line site.
Learner understands the concept of the rank in the military.
Learner understands the concepts of fair use and plagiarism.
Learner understands the Constitution is the authority under which our nation is governed.
Learner understands the DoD has been a part of the federal government and is a part of history.
Learner understands the importance of building consensus.
Learner understands the military rank system.
Learner understands the SES classification system.
Learner write e-mail to the fitness studio to make inquiries concerning special plans for visitors.
Learners achieve credentials and get credit for their experience without artificial barriers.
Learners acquire a depth of knowledge and develop appropriate skills regarding food systems.
Learners acquire basic and advanced life support skills to assess and treat the sick and injured.
Learners acquire basic life support skills to assess and treat the sick and injured.
Learners acquire the skills to prepare financial statements and analyze the results.
Learners act in passive modes working individually to complete the set tasks.
Learners actively construct their experience.
Learners actively interpret health information and concepts.
Learners actively make mental connections between old and new information.
Learners actually learn by doing.
Learners add their comments while the teacher sits and reads.
Learners also benefit by monitoring their use of such strategies.
Learners also benefit from ongoing feedback with each other.
Learners also bring their own expectations to a rotation or learning experience.
Learners also develop strategies for interpreting and visualizing physical phenomena graphically.
Learners also develop their own study topics.
Learners also explore and evaluate differing philosophies underlying corrections.
Learners also get quick and easy access to Experts to answer their questions.
Learners also have basic physical needs that effect their ability to learn.
Learners also have many opportunities to follow cultural and theatre interests.
Learners also have their own role to play.
Learners also learn new vocabulary, idioms and expressions related to relevant topics.
Learners also plan, organize and deliver prepared presentations.
Learners also study and critically evaluate the juvenile justice system.
Learners apply accepted rules and principles to reach a goal.
Learners apply concepts covered in earlier courses in accounting.
Learners apply mathematical skills to create formulas and illustrate worksheet data in graphic form.
Learners apply spelling, grammar and punctuation rules in written communications.
Learners apply the concept to a constructive project.
Learners apply the concept to a constructivist project.
Learners are a very important part of the health care team.
Learners are able to learn any time and any place.
Learners are able to make a transition from school to work to better employment opportunities.
Learners are able to reach instructors or tutors by phone, fax and email.
Learners are able to respond more effectively to a changing environment and adapt to new situations.
Learners are able to return to sections missed to restudy the material.
Learners are active as opposed to passive recipients of knowledge.
Learners are active constructors of knowledge.
Learners are active in the acquisition and application of knowledge.
Learners are all members of the community.
Learners are any classroom teachers who are beginning teachers.
Learners are apt to learn more than one thing at a time.
Learners are available.
Learners are aware of mind-body coordination.
Learners are blank slates ready to be filled with knowledge.
Learners are central to all literacy programming and policy development.
Learners are constructivists for sure.
Learners are consumers.
Learners are diverse and have different backgrounds and experiences.
Learners are diverse, they bring multiple perspectives to the subject.
Learners are fifth grade students participating in the program.
Learners are free to manipulate variables in complex systems in safe and reproducible ways.
Learners are free to study at their own pace, regardless of time or location.
Learners are hard-working and highly motivated.
Learners are just like anyone else.
Learners are likely to pay more attention to the video if they are viewing with a purpose.
Learners are limited to the software and hardware available at the college.
Learners are more likely to engage with demonstrations if they are free from anxiety.
Learners are more motivated if they are in frequent contact with the instructor.
Learners are often better off to work towards at most two to four goals at a time.
Learners are often the best experts at realizing their own needs for self-development.
Learners are often unsure of the quality or accuracy of what they find on the web.
Learners are people of all ages.
Learners are people.
Learners are problem solvers and decision makers.
Learners are receivers of knowledge.
Learners are responsible for all work missed due to absence.
Learners are responsible for food, travel and lodging for all seminars.
Learners are responsible for influencing health policy consistent with advanced role preparation.
Learners are responsible for obtaining their own lodging and meals.
Learners are responsible for portfolio development according to guidelines that are provided.
Learners are responsible for writing their own discussion questions after viewing the movies.
Learners are responsible to others in their learning communities.
Learners are sensitive to images and forms.
Learners are sensitive to moods, temperament, and relationships.
Learners are sensitive to rhythm, pitch, and timbre.
Learners are sensitive to sounds and rhythms.
Learners are similar in that they all can learn however learners have many differences.
Learners are students and faculty.
Learners are teachers and teachers are learners.
Learners are teachers of self and others.
Learners are the constructors of their own contextualized knowledge.
Learners are then responsible for leading group discussion of their questions.
Learners are to be helped to apply the content domain in authentic tasks.
Learners are to be themselves, no role-playing is involved.
Learners are usually clear about what they want to see as the outcome.
Learners assume translation equivalence in order to make their job easier.
Learners attempt to offer an appropriate solution to the identified problem.
Learners attend two evenings a week or on weekends.
Learners become active beings who interpret and construct rather than simply absorb knowledge.
Learners become more effective and more successful as a result.
Learners become self-sufficient and cognisant of their own role in influencing what is learned.
Learners begin by reviewing basic texts in management and organizational behavior.
Learners begin examining their existing resources and identifying gaps in their knowledge.
Learners begin the program by selecting a grammar topic and by entering their name or initials.
Learners begin to communicate with others on topics of everyday personal importance.
Learners begin to write their own poems.
Learners begin with encoding and decoding exercises and move to more complex activities.
Learners believe that computer literacy and CALL activities are beneficial.
Learners benefit from activities encouraging interaction and collaboration.
Learners benefit from articulating what they've learned.
Learners benefit from the different teaching perspectives and styles.
Learners benefit significantly from their involvement in small learning groups.
Learners bring their own needs and experiences to learning situations.
Learners bring unique prior knowledge, experience, and beliefs to a learning situation.
Learners build awareness of how weather changes and then make their own predictions.
Learners can access on-line learning from remote locations using an Internet connection.
Learners can access the courses on the Web, thus leaving much of the IT management to the host.
Learners can acquire the knowledge and skills to work in the environmental protection profession.
Learners can add objects dynamically.
Learners can also benefit from increased personalisation.
Learners can also click on a Help button to get a reference chart that briefly explains each button.
Learners can also invite their parents to view their work by paying a visit to their classrooms.
Learners can also practice copying by typing text they have copied in class.
Learners can also produce materials and provide realia for the classroom.
Learners can also provide each other with feedback about learning outcomes.
Learners can also submit assignments, tests, and presentations for upload as they are completed.
Learners can also turn off the spoken voice so that they pace themselves with the highlighting.
Learners can always return to the main menu smoothly, and it is easy to exit.
Learners can annotate, modify, and delete stored information or create new information.
Learners can ask questions and get feedback from instructors.
Learners can asses their skills in a private, safe environment.
Learners can attend class from any location that has Internet access.
Learners can be anyone, anytime, anywhere.
Learners can be cultural or sporty.
Learners can begin to write simple branching stories very quickly.
Learners can challenge themselves to solve arithmetic problems faster by setting time limits.
Learners can choose a book that they like and to read it quickly or slowly .
Learners can choose a book that they like and to read it quickly or slowly.
Learners can choose the method of program delivery.
Learners can choose their own paths from beginning to end.
Learners can choose to receive assistance form an online coach when and if it is needed.
Learners can compare their own pronunciation and mouth movements with the video's speakers.
Learners can complete courses at their convenience from home.
Learners can disqualify themselves for aid by waiting too long in a semester.
Learners can easily communicate with experts in many fields.
Learners can engage in giving longer time to selective data or discussion.
Learners can exercise dangerous or virtual experiments.
Learners can expect to complete all program requirements in four years.
Learners can expect to complete the degree in four years.
Learners can explore formatting the graph.
Learners can explore language for themselves.
Learners can flag their current location in a course.
Learners can follow one of two routes - history or one of five topics.
Learners can get ideas from others in the classroom, and also build on their own prior knowledge.
Learners can have immediate feedback on their work with online applications.
Learners can hear each reading while following along with the written text.
Learners can initiate and participate in threaded discussions.
Learners can input complete sentences and receive error-specific feedback.
Learners can install and maintain multiple services.
Learners can interact with the instructor and with other learners at different sites.
Learners can keep logs to see which keywords yield the best results for particular searches.
Learners can learn from each other.
Learners can learn just from overhearing other learners in dialogue with teachers.
Learners can listen to and imitate the model as many times as they want.
Learners can listen, record, and review the different sounds.
Learners can lurk, then join the discussion.
Learners can make predicitions about the weather.
Learners can measure self-achievement during playing game by each levels of exercises.
Learners can modify attributes of objects.
Learners can monitor their progress via menus and a learner progress report.
Learners can move at their own pace.
Learners can move from one activity to the next easily.
Learners can navigate easily through the web site.
Learners can obtain an internship either within or outside of their own organization.
Learners can obtain expertise, knowledge, and a virtual classroom education for free.
Learners can only tolerate so much information before they have to pause and have a change of pace.
Learners can orally practice being a weather forecaster.
Learners can participate in projects all geographical divides, whether national or international.
Learners can perform surgery or manage the growth of a city with the help of simulated environments.
Learners can perform various operations of objects.
Learners can plan and implement their own learning program.
Learners can post notes into a bulletin board like screen for the groups they are members of.
Learners can practise both the American and British English phonemic alphabets and pronunciation.
Learners can predict the words at a particular point .
Learners can predict the words at a particular point.
Learners can print out awards once they have attained certain scores.
Learners can profit from training that keeps pace with busines, education, and technology.
Learners can quickly improve specific target vocabulary, improve writing style.
Learners can read, discuss, and write about poems and how they speak to their life situations.
Learners can receive their refunds more quickly if the refund is requested.
Learners can record messages that can be incorporated into work on the computer.
Learners can register for individual courses or work towards certificates.
Learners can remain off-line until a question arises.
Learners can repeat any topic as often as required before taking the Test.
Learners can repeat difficult portions until the material is mastered.
Learners can review course materials offline.
Learners can review material, observe models, and practice responses as frequently as they see fit.
Learners can save or print their creations.
Learners can select to listen to the story read aloud.
Learners can simulate otherwise dangerous chemical experiments to avoid potential hazards.
Learners can stay in the program as long as the service is required and a tutor is available.
Learners can store their work and receive e-mail at their individual Home Spaces.
Learners can study at home, at work or wherever, via a standard PC connected to the Internet.
Learners can study at their own pace and receive direct, immediate, and tailored feedback.
Learners can take the training when they're in the mood to learn something new.
Learners can then access the objects at any time, even when they are no longer connected.
Learners can then carry a deeper scriptural understanding to their worship experience each week.
Learners can then compare courses from different providers through on-line course descriptions.
Learners can then enjoy educational support from their parents in the home environment.
Learners can then move on.
Learners can use audio files and interactive tests.
Learners can use lesson level chat and discussion group.
Learners can use multiple intelligence theory as a means of looking inward.
Learners can use recordings to preview or review course material.
Learners can use the information portal to find courses and programs from multiple providers listed.
Learners can usually pace themselves.
Learners can walk through the virtual classroom.
Learners can work at their own pace and schedule.
Learners can work at their own pace, according to their own schedule.
Learners can work in teams, too, taking advantage of peer learning.
Learners can work independently or material can be used in the classroom.
Learners can work through the program in one sitting or bookmark their place to resume later.
Learners can work through the program in one sitting, or bookmark their place to resume later.
Learners can work together and learn from each others experiences.
Learners carry out a traditional written translation exercise.
Learners choose from various lists to generate a plot, which they can then flesh out.
Learners collect and analyze data to provide solutions to enhance organizational effectiveness.
Learners come from all over the world with a huge variety of languages and educational backgrounds.
Learners come from group homes, sheltered worksites, and independent living centers.
Learners come to adult basic education and literacy programs with many different goals.
Learners come to classrooms with different backgrounds, knowledge, skills, values, and experiences.
Learners come to school with at different developmental stages with different learning styles.
Learners come up with their own ways of problem-solving.
Learners communicate with their instructor and peers directly in the class.
Learners complete a unique series of brief residencies designed for the working adult.
Learners complete individual modules in sequence.
Learners conduct experiments, analyze and interpret data, and draw conclusions.
Learners conform, perform and meet short term learning goals.
Learners confront their understanding in light of what they encounter in the new learning situation.
Learners construct meaning for themselves.
Learners construct their own knowledge and understanding of the world in which they live.
Learners continue to participate in developing the curriculum and content throughout the course.
Learners control the course with a VCR-like control panel.
Learners control their own progress and apply their knowledge through interactions.
Learners cover reading instructions, and give and write instructions and reading and using numbers.
Learners create a personal health and wellness plan for the future.
Learners create artifacts in relation to some shared task or set of rules.
Learners create meaning while engaged in discourse.
Learners demonstrate competencies.
Learners demonstrate engagement in lifelong learning.
Learners demonstrate how to incorporate the new information into their lives.
Learners demonstrate knowledge of literature from a variety of cultures, genres, and time periods.
Learners demonstrate mastery of course material and investigate various opinions through dialogue.
Learners demonstrate responsible citizenship.
Learners depend on one another for a large portion of their learning.
Learners Describe the grade level and course that the lesson is designed to cover.
Learners design, develop, and deliver several classes, workshops, and presentations.
Learners develop an understanding of the history of adult, community, and continuing education.
Learners develop important practical skills like writing better business letters.
Learners develop language and literacy skills while mastering necessary content.
Learners develop questionnaires and conduct surveys focusing on the work that women do in the home.
Learners develop strategies for efficient and productive group management.
Learners develop their own program for learning with the help of others or alone.
Learners discuss the concepts of the learning organization and organizational anxiety.
Learners do learn from one another.
Learners document their learning processes and outcomes.
Learners employ three cueing systems on an intuitive and conscious or metacognitive level.
Learners engage students.
Learners enjoy doing what they are good at.
Learners enjoy the use of graphics animation and sound throughout the program.
Learners examine the interface of adults and children in a child-centered environment.
Learners exercise choice and creativity, and there is minimum negative pressure.
Learners expect to be reinforced.
Learners expect traditional school.
Learners experience all the features necessary to achieve a high level of productivity.
Learners experience difficulty in courses for a variety of reasons.
Learners experience information seeking as a holistic process within varied social contexts.
Learners explore concepts of family systems and then make applications to organizational life.
Learners explore other news stories here.
Learners explore the answers to their own questions.
Learners explore the characteristics that distinguish living things from nonliving things.
Learners explore the factors and qualities that influence cross-cultural effectiveness.
Learners explore their learning over multiple drafts.
Learners feel in control of what they learn and assist in planning and setting goals.
Learners find it far easier to approach each other with questions than to contact an expert.
Learners find out about two local alternatives to the usual money and banking systems.
Learners first analyse the texts, then complete a controlled practice activity.
Learners focus on learning, know they are learning, and know the skills they have achieved.
Learners focus on skills.
Learners forecast the horizons looming on their learning pathways.
Learners form institutes.
Learners form pairs to carry out what is known as 'back translation'.
Learners form partnerships and groups on their own.
Learners gain deeper understanding in a connected, holistic context.
Learners gain experience applying governmental responsibilities to hypothetical scenarios.
Learners gain insights into how stress in one life area impacts others.
Learners gain understanding through research, discussion, application, and practical experiences.
Learners generate in journals a running list of key words and their meanings.
Learners get expertise without having to pay extra.
Learners get feedback on their answers, teachers get feedback on the students progress.
Learners get feedback on their answers.
Learners get mostly graphic representations of words and phrases, with little outright translation.
Learners grasp new material quickly and gain the necessary confidence to succeed.
Learners grow stronger en route.
Learners have (part) arms.
Learners have (part) body substances.
Learners have (part) cell membranes.
Learners have (part) cells.
Learners have (part) corpi.
Learners have (part) cytoplasm.
Learners have (part) heads.
Learners have (part) human bodies.
Learners have (part) legs.
Learners have (part) material bodies.
Learners have (part) necks.
Learners have (part) nuclei.
Learners have (part) personality.
Learners have (part) plasma membranes.
Learners have (part) sections.
Learners have (part) vacuoles.
Learners have a confirmation bias.
Learners have a real opportunity to communicate through guided and freer activities.
Learners have a right to quality instruction in a safe and orderly environment.
Learners have a variety of needs and abilities.
Learners have access to a variety of tools and resources with which to work.
Learners have access to the latest hardware and modeling technology.
Learners have all the components to create new simulations or to change existing ones.
Learners have choices of flexible time schedules.
Learners have difficulty searching long units to find information of interest.
Learners have distinct and various learning styles.
Learners have diverse backgrounds, which reflect a mosaic of cultural heritages.
Learners have frequent and intense contact with the core faculty member.
Learners have many different intelligences.
Learners have many different styles and learning needs.
Learners have many options and the flexibility to change their choice of career fields at any time.
Learners have many options.
Learners have no idea on how they'll be judged.
Learners have one year to complete the course from the sign up date.
Learners have ongoing input into how the program is designed.
Learners have preferred modes of learning.
Learners have some control over learning process.
Learners have the ability to view their own ideas objectively.
Learners have the last word.
Learners have the opportunity to develop a network of colleagues and professional contacts.
Learners have the opportunity to develop an understanding of community as context and resource.
Learners have the opportunity to study and handle specimens.
Learners have the opportunity to touch as well as see, which enriches the learning experience.
Learners have their individual profile to assist in the process.
Learners have to depend on various learning resources to ensure success.
Learners have to motivate themselves.
Learners have to take responsibility for their own comprehension.
Learners have varied experiences, motives and needs.
Learners hear a short passage, then try to answer comprehension questions about it.
Learners hear instructions, follow along in the book, and participate with the performers.
Learners help shape learning venues and outcomes.
Learners help to define and re-construct the setting in a dynamic, ongoing process.
Learners identify goals and seek instruction from a variety of sources to realize their goals.
Learners identify their own learning goals.
Learners increase their abilities to evaluate and critique on-line resources and information.
Learners increase their understanding of the concepts.
Learners increasingly continue to learn on their own in the program and in life.
Learners integrate thoughts and actions with reflection from the outdoor experiences.
Learners interact via Internet and via email with each other and with instructors.
Learners interact with practitioners and faculty who are expert in the area of case manaagement.
Learners interact with practitioners and faculty who are expert in the area of case management.
Learners interact with practitioners and faculty who are expert in the area of lipid manaagement.
Learners interact with practitioners and faculty who are expert in the area of lipid management.
Learners interact with practitioners and faculty with experience in health risk management programs.
Learners join ILRs.
Learners join the institute.
Learners know they are learning arithmetic.
Learners learn at different rates and in different ways.
Learners learn best from people they trust.
Learners learn in collaboration with others.
Learners learn to care about, appreciate and understand their environment.
Learners like to learn using conceptional models that are structured in a logical framework.
Learners listen and put the events in order.
Learners log into the program and then are taken through a brief introduction.
Learners log on at a particular time, usually for one hour.
Learners log on when they begin the workout.
Learners log on when they begin their training and their progress in the training is tracked.
Learners maintain high level of control over learning experience.
Learners make learning.
Learners make oral presentations to the class on topics related to their current lesson.
Learners make their own copies of the diagrams in exercise books.
Learners measure fluid volumes and estimate the amount of blood in the body.
Learners meet on a regular basis, for example, every two to four weeks in three-hour meetings.
Learners mull over the facts of the passage and identify timeless truths or principles.
Learners never stop learning.
Learners now have the right to decent education.
Learners now look at the flow chart based on the sequence of events they have read about.
Learners observe a performance, then attempt to match their own performance to it.
Learners observe how instructors solve problems and develop their own solution paths.
Learners observe, integrate and self monitor as they learn.
Learners obtain a thorough understanding of various learning style measures.
Learners obtain the knowledge to take actions to protect and improve the environment.
Learners only receive a certificate of completion after every segment has been viewed.
Learners organize their knowledge into categories and connected networks.
Learners organize their knowledge into networks.
Learners ought to become able to note signs of their own improvement over time.
Learners participate in a variety of activities and discussions related to the theme of the course.
Learners perform behavior.
Learners pool for beginners Swimming lesson courses for all ages and abilities.
Learners posses multiple intelligences.
Learners possess self-knowledge and insight.
Learners practice developing narrowly defined skills.
Learners practice shape recognition, counting, matching patterns, and ordering.
Learners practice the strategies using children's books and adult selections.
Learners practice the use of commas, periods, colons, apostrophes and quotations.
Learners practise the scientific method of investigation.
Learners prefer color versions and appear to attend to color images for a longer period of time.
Learners prepare various sauces to use on plated desserts.
Learners proceed at their own pace in an interactive, no-nonsense environment.
Learners proceed like researchers as they direct and manage their own training.
Learners proceed through a course at their own pace.
Learners produce their own learning.
Learners progress through each module at their own pace.
Learners prove competency by actual performance of the objectives to the established standards.
Learners provide one another with feedback on their production and discrimination.
Learners provide their background history and reasons they want to enter the program.
Learners provide their own school supplies.
Learners read stories, match pictures with vocabulary, and do many more activities.
Learners read the phrase in their native language.
Learners recall sensational or humorous information better and can be motivated by it.
Learners receive contextual feedback for each quiz.
Learners receive enough information to reach a decision point.
Learners receive information and instruction in many modes and from many sources.
Learners receive trains.
Learners record weather data and reflect on how weather impacts daily life.
Learners rely on the instructor to direct the learning.
Learners remember more of what they see .
Learners respond by stating what they're thankful for.
Learners respond to questions about a story told through photos or drawings.
Learners respond well to teacher-mediated distance education.
Learners respond with all of the information they know about bats.
Learners rotate between affiliates.
Learners search for tools to help understand their experiences.
Learners see the letter shapes and combinations, hear the sounds and write the letters and words.
Learners seek patterns of information because the neocortex is driven by patterns rather than facts.
Learners select an appropriate area of interest from the main index.
Learners select from both program-established curricular units and from their identified needs.
Learners select the combination of chapters that best suits their needs.
Learners selecting or deciding their own objectives from a list of desired objectives is also ideal.
Learners set goals, assess risks, and demonstrate behaviors that protect and enhance their health.
Learners share by explaining themselves, asking questions, and responding to questioning.
Learners sharpen their computer skills by default, which can result in improved productivity gains.
Learners show consistently positive attitudes toward interactive multimedia.
Learners simply register for the courses.
Learners situationally fall along the continuum of learning orientations.
Learners solve problems through a goal-specific interface.
Learners still learn from experience when online.
Learners submit their answers and receive immediate scores and explanations of the correct answers.
Learners take elective credits according to the phase in which they specialise.i.e.
Learners take notes if necessary or when prompted by the teacher.
Learners take on different tasks in working towards common research or production goals.
Learners take on the role of researchers.
Learners take responsibility for determining their own scope and the sequence of events.
Learners tell about their group presentation.
Learners tend to avoid redundancy.
Learners then choose a famous woman or several women to study and write about.
Learners then have the opportunity of studying the characters, pinyin and English meaning.
Learners then identify the descriptive purpose of each stative in Exercise Six.
Learners then list similarities and differences between the two.
Learners think critically and make reasoned, informed decisions.
Learners thrive in a safe, supportive environment.
Learners thrive within a structure of supportive feedback.
Learners thus gain competence while analyzing their progress in purposeful communication.
Learners touch the elephant anywhere and find whatever they want to learn.
Learners understand that there is much new knowledge, and they read, study, and learn.
Learners use a dictionary to verify their predictions.
Learners use a multimedia collection of information on a topic to create their own scrapbooks.
Learners use both content knowledge and skills as tools to learn more.
Learners use current technology including the Internet to study basic office skills.
Learners use email to submit answers that are then posted.
Learners use English in class when speaking to the teacher and to other learners.
Learners use external web sites to complete.
Learners use it to end an instructional sequence and return to the scenario.
Learners use mathematics in solving problems, reasoning, and communicating.
Learners use nodes to represent ideas and links to represent relationships that connect ideas.
Learners use the comprehensible input to deduce rules.
Learners use the mouse and keyboard to navigate and place the agents on the grid.
Learners use the software.
Learners use the technology for representing and expressing what they know.
Learners use the world as their laboratory.
Learners use their books or rewritten scenes.
Learners use their grammar and punctuation skills with the help of a friendly robot to edit stories.
Learners use their own agency resources as a source of presentation information.
Learners utilize appropriate technology.
Learners utilize technology.
Learners vary in age, skill levels, job titles, and educational backgrounds.
Learners vary in mode as well as speed of learning.
Learners view instructor as object on a screen.
Learners visit interactive islands filled with listening, speaking, and reading activities.
Learners wants to study.
Learners watch, listen and question.
Learners work at their own pace and can enter a program whenever a seat becomes available.
Learners work at their own pace and have access to the material for four weeks.
Learners work at their own pace.
Learners work directly with business partners in solving problems in a business setting.
Learners work in pairs to act out their roles, seeing only their part of the conversation.
Learners work in pairs to determine how two pictures of a similar scene are different.
Learners work individually.
Learners work on courses at their convenience - anytime, anywhere .
Learners work out a schedule for consistent access to limited computers.
Learners work together cooperatively.
Learners work together to overcome obstacles, locate resources, and support each other.
Learners write their answers down using a pen and paper under simulated exam conditions.
Learners always face the problem of lack of direction.
Learners frequently become lost in a morass of data from texts and from inquiry projects.
Learners frequently submit pieces to Expressions.
Learners often become most helpful as guides to newcomers to the system.
Learners often make mistakes because they forget the prepositions.
Learners often speak their own language with family and friends.
Learner usually has specific time lines for completion.
All learners are media critics.
All learners are positive about the technology they are learning.
All learners are to be afforded equal access to educational opportunity and success.
All learners are welcome to join.
All learners are welcome.
All learners can combine and develop a means of expressing their journeys and their healings.
All learners can develop into contributing citizens who are accountable to themselves and others.
All learners come to the program by self referral.
All learners develop a sense of community and belonging with their own teams.
All learners develop a sense of community and belonging.
All learners have a stake in education technology planning.
All learners have different learning styles.
All learners have individual needs - some have special needs.
All learners have optimal conditions under which they learn best.
All learners have potential.
All learners have preferred ways of taking in information that they want to understand and learn.
All learners learn by doing.
All learners learn the essential concepts.
All learners read a passage, answer essay questions, which measure comprehension on the first day.
All learners receive career counseling, academic counseling, and referrals as needed.
All learners require challenging tasks to facilitate deep learning and develop autonomy.
Any learner can struggle in school.
Every learner deserves success.
Every learner has different goals.
Every learner has different talents and skills.
Every learner has the right to experience success, regardless of their ability.
Every learner has their own preferences or learning style.
Every learner is also a teacher.
Every learner is assigned a net ID and personal email account.
Every learner is considered a developmental learner.
Every learner is different.
Every learner is seen as an individual with unique problems and needs.
Every learner is unique.
Every learner needs universal access to telematic learning tools.
Every learner possesses multiple intelligences.
Many learners are disappointed with the high number of mechanical repetitions .
Many learners are interested in counting their learning towards a degree or other qualification.
Many learners begin by using behavioral modeling before reflecting on the meaning of their actions.
Many learners can benefit from practicing skills learned in class.
Many learners find it difficult to learn a language, and some even give up trying.
Many learners find it helpful to make notes, outlines, or diagrams while reading.
Many learners have significant time commitments both inside and outside of a course.
Many learners later report that they successfully repeat activities at home.
Many learners like to interact with other attendees through discussion groups or chats.
Most learners do start here.
Most learners engage students.
Most learners feel a renewed energy once free-write is over.
Most learners focus on skills.
Most learners perform behavior.
Most learners pursue self-created objectives.
Most learners receive trains.
Most learners use all three to receive information.
Most learners utilize appropriate technology.
Most learners utilize technology.
Most learners work full time, and preparing for an unnecessary test costs time and money.
Some learners are more analytically oriented and thrive on picking apart words and sentences.
Some learners are more successful than others.
Some learners are much better at one than the other.
Some learners can use a floor space, if necessary.
Some learners comprehend concepts more readily if they are presented visually.
Some learners conduct investigations.
Some learners emit responses.
Some learners express themselves best in writing, others express themselves best by speaking.
Some learners have great attention spans, while others are short lived.
Some learners have multiple disabilities including both visible and hidden disabilities.
Some learners have the self-discipline to do very well without an instructor.
Some learners have unique problems.
Some learners learn best by listening, others by doing.
Some learners like to keep copies of their results in a binder to discuss with others.
Some learners live in isolated areas, work shifts, or are otherwise unable to access day schools.
Some learners prefer practical experience only, while other like to understand the theory as well.
Some learners prefer to learn first, then try something.
Some learners read better with different color backgrounds.
Some learners remember best what they see, others what they hear or feel.
Some learners struggle with math but excel in sports.
All LearnFish materials ask questions and guide the learner to find the solution.
Learning aids mean it's easy to pick up and play.
Learning differences are an asset.
Learning differences are widely misunderstood and vary from child to child.
Learning disability is disorder
Most learning disabilities involve difficulty processing information by the brain.
Most learning experiences are clear and easy to understand.
Most learning experiences are unclear.
Learning log is completed as assigned.
Learning logs are an excellent support for class and group discussion.
Learning logs are one action learning tool.
Learning objects are an application of object-orientated thinking to the world of learning.
Learning objects are reusable and interoperable units of learning content.
Learning objects are small, bite-sized modules of instructional sequences.
Learning objects are the keys to quick response for both credit and non-credit.
Learning objects can serve a variety of purposes.
Most learning opportunities associated with networks require a high degree of inventiveness.
Learning outcomes address both content mastery and increased learning skills.
Learning outcomes are specific measureable skills.
Learning outcomes emphasize creativity based upon highly developed skills.
Learning outcomes have three distinguishing characteristics.
Learning outcomes improve with the aid of teacher scaffolding or student comprehension monitoring.
Learning outcomes is the focus of Chapter Four.
Learning outcomes make curriculum goals clear and transparent to all stakeholders.
Learning outcomes provide a framework for the development of criteria.
Learning outcomes provide direction in the planning of a learning activity.
Learning outcomes replace objectives.
Learning outcomes represent culminating demonstrations of learning and achievement.
Learning outcomes serve as the centerpiece for program and curriculum development.
Learning standards have two primary dimensions.
Leasable fishery occurs in streams and various types of water catchment areas.
All leasable space can be upfit to suit individual tenant needs and requirements.
Lease agreement is rental agreement.
Lease agreements are for a definite period of time, usually one to three years.
Lease agreements are more complicated than new-car purchase loans.
Lease agreements are subject to status.
Lease agreements vary from place to place.
Many lease agreements require the lessee to carry the liability coverage.
Most lease agreements provide that rent is payable in advance at the beginning of the month.
Most lease agreements require an advance of only one or two months' payments.
Lease contracts are on a per month basis or per pound of gain basis where specified.
Lease contracts vary widely even within specific areas.
Lease lines are great for connecting different sites.
Lease option is possible - call the listing agent for details.
Lease options allow customers to become relieved of all debt involved in their property.
Lease options are also available on the contract.
Lease options are also available on the same terms.
Lease options are available on the Cleveland Bay mares with live foal guarantees.
Lease options are available.
Lease options are mandates.
Lease options give sellers several advantages, especially in a slow market.
Many lease options are deductible from taxes.
Lease purchase is a possibility .
A lease is a property
Lease also includes best effort on meeting our cooling requirements.
Lease breaking assistance is provided.
Lease buy back programs available.
Lease constitutes the entire Agreement between the parties hereto.
Lease contains a bargain purchase option.
Lease depends on amount of up-fitting required.
Lease has cabin, furnishings, water, electricity, does, bucks, and feral hogs.
Lease has cabin, furnishings, water, electricity, turkeys, does, bucks and hogs.
Lease has cabin, water, electricity, does, and bucks.
Lease has fishing, lots of deer and dove.
Lease has lots of turkeys, does and bucks.
Lease has no minimum term.
Lease has the usual provisions.
Lease has turkeys, does, bucks and hogs.
Lease has water and electricity with separate meter.
Lease has water, electricity, turkey, does, bucks and doves.
Lease includes a receptionist, janitorial services, a conference room and utilities.
Lease includes an oil, gas or other mineral lease.
Lease includes hardware maintenance and installation.
Lease includes some off street parking.
Lease is a multiple year rental agreement for a piece of equipment or property.
Lease is available from building owner.
Lease is for a period of up to three years.
Lease is for one year with security deposit amounting to one month's rent in advance.
Lease Is More Save money by leasing equipment instead of buying it.
Lease is renewable.
Lease is signed.
Lease is somewhat flexible.
Lease is up.
Lease lets customers install now, pay later .
Lease note the change in the form.
Lease offers varied widely from state to state.
Lease returns .
Lease runs from now until the end of deer season and includes fall turkey, hog and varmint hunting.
Leases also present a means for ongoing interconnection between the parties.
Leases are also available.
Leases are another great way to finance equipment and vehicles.
Leases are available by annual contract.
Leases are available by day or week.
Leases are available for birding, camping, hiking, fishing, and hunting of all available species.
Leases are available for both trucks and trailers of any size or classification.
Leases are available for several different terms.
Leases are available on prestigious loft apartments or residential homes.
Leases are available.
Leases are complex and it is vital to have the actual agreement available for examination.
Leases are complex contracts.
Leases are complex documents.
Leases are complicated and difficult to understand.
Leases are contracts.
Leases are conveyances whose covenants are interpreted under contract law.
Leases are easier to finance than purchases.
Leases are especially useful for equipment.
Leases are for equipment purchases.
Leases are for one year in most cases, and lot of rent money is involved.
Leases are for one year.
Leases are generally flexible, and space expandable to meet a growing concern.
Leases are generally short term due to periodic changes in grain prices.
Leases are legal contracts, so be sure to read and understand the lease before signing.
Leases are legal contracts.
Leases are legal forms.
Leases are legally binding contracts.
Leases are long and detailed, and the parties ever more sophisticated.
Leases are month to month, meals are included, and the focus is on an active lifestyle.
Leases are more complicated than the normal every-day purchase of goods or services.
Leases are more complicated than the sale and purchase of a freehold property.
Leases are often affordable and can be for varying amounts of time.
Leases are on a semester basis.
Leases are one of the ways some companies finance future growth.
Leases are one year.
Leases are primarily for haulers of agricultural commodities.
Leases are properties.
Leases are short-term, so farmers don t put money into the fields.
Leases are simple and cost effective.
Leases are sometimes negotiable for an academic or calendar year.
Leases are subject to sales and use tax at the same rate as if the item is sold.
Leases are subject to the same sales taxes as sales of property.
Leases are the major legal document necessary.
Leases are time periods.
Leases are time-dependent and have to be renewed upon expiration.
Leases are typically for office space, equipment, machinery, real estate, or facilities.
Leases are typically for office space, equipment, real estate, or facilities.
Leases are usually one year terms.
Leases are usually very long, complex and often printed in very small type.
Leases are valid for five years with a renewable five-year option.
Leases begin by naming the landlord and the tenant.
Leases bolster new car sales because they take cars out of dealers' showrooms.
Leases can also be expensive to break.
Leases can be another problem area.
Leases can be in either verbal or written form.
Leases can be long term, short term, or month to month.
Leases can continue indefinitely if held by production.
Leases can extend from one to six years.
Leases can fetch a chunk of change on the open market.
Leases can include installation, design, maintenance, and all related accessories.
Leases can state that a tenant is responsible for damage to improvements and betterments.
Leases can take various forms.
Leases can vary.
Leases come in various shapes and sizes.
Leases contain specific standards for excessive wear and use.
Leases define the utility and value of real property.
Leases describe rental agreements.
Leases designed to meet the members needs regarding term, mileage, etc.
Leases differ from traditional methods of financing consumer purchases.
Leases enable explorers to collect physical evidence from the property in question.
Leases expire soon and available for a multitude of commercial uses.
Leases expire, and lessees move.
Leases fall into two broad categories.
Leases generally come in two types.
Leases greatly simplify the maintenance of a space.
Leases have or are expiring from the last boom.
Leases have to be broken, employees and interns have to find new work, furniture has to be sold.
Leases includes rights to any data updates at specified intervals.
Leases Look carefully at all space and equipment leases.
Leases model time-constrained access granting and are used for distributed garbage collection.
Leases pose problems Two types of situations are common in the present-day range wars.
Leases properties to established hotel operators.
Leases range from six months to one year.
Leases run a minimum of five years.
Leases run for ten years, with one five-year option.
Leases run for three years with the option to renew at the end of that time.
Leases run for three years.
Leases run from two to three years and normally provide for an annual rent increases.
Leases spell out the relationship and requirements for both the tenant and landlord.
Leases spread cost of equipment over useful or economic life of equipment.
Leases start, like any other deal, with the selling price of a particular car.
Leases take into account that the equipment is worth something at the end of the lease term.
Leases typically range from a week to a month or more.
Leases typically run for one to five years, and short-term rentals are for a few days to a month.
Leases vary as to which utilities are included in the rent.
Leases vary from three months to one year.
Leases often contain special provisions dealing with what happens when there is fire damage.
Leases often forbid anyone to stay in an apartment unless they are named in the lease.
Leases usually begin and end on that date.
Leases usually remain in effect or last a long time.
Leases usually require a security deposit, first month s payment and other costs.
Leases usually require a security deposit, first month's payment and other costs.
Leases usually require one or two advance rental payments at inception.
Leases usually require that the rent be due on a certain date.
Leases usually start on the first of the month.
Leases usually take quite awhile.
All leases are different.
All leases are for one year then switch to a month to month.
All leases are for the full academic year.
All leases are for three years and share a common expiration date.
All leases are negotiable.
All leases are subject to credit and document approval.
All leases are subject to credit approval.
All leases are subject to credit, rate, and documentation approval.
All leases carry a mileage limit as part of the agreement.
All leases have mileage limitations.
All leases have similarities but there is no single form that fits all transactions.
All leases have specific mileage limitations.
All leases maintain leasehold in the event of fire.
Any lease is a binding contract.
Every lease is structured differently.
Every lease is written with the option to buy.
Every lease provides for some rent abatement in the event of damage to the building or premises.
Many leases also provide for late fees.
Many leases are for several months to one year, and it is very difficult to break or alter a lease.
Many leases begin at the start of a period such as the first of the month.
Many leases charge for simple excess wear and tear.
Many leases contain outdated, unfair and even illegal clauses.
Many leases now require tenant's to provide proof of insurance coverage.
Many leases recommend or require that tenant purchase renter's insurance.
Many leases require little or no downpayment.
Many leases require that maintenance requests be in writing.
Many leases turn over, and college students are coming back into the area.
Most leases also require that the first monthly payment be made at lease signing.
Most leases are for a minimum of one year.
Most leases are for a set time-period.
Most leases are for one or two years duration.
Most leases are for one year.
Most leases are for periods of one year, some less.
Most leases are fully repairing and insuring, so the condition is important.
Most leases are good for one year.
Most leases are strong contracts written to the advantage of the property owner.
Most leases begin after the date stated on the certificate of acceptance.
Most leases containing repair clauses require that the following steps be taken to get repairs made.
Most leases have a provision for subletting with the property owner's permission.
Most leases limit wear to the vehicle during the lease term.
Most leases make it very difficult to upgrade.
Most leases make the landlord s written permission a prerequisite for subleasing.
Most leases provide for automatic renewal options.
Most leases provide that the lease is subordinate to all mortgages.
Most leases provide that the lease is subordinate to any mortgage.
Most leases provide that the tenants are jointly and severally liable for the entire rent.
Most leases renew automatically for a period of one more year or one more month.
Most leases require a landlord's permission before subleasing.
Most leases require a personal credit report on the owners.
Most leases require a thirty day written notice before the next rent due date.
Most leases require a thirty-day written notice before the next rent due date.
Most leases require payments for the duration of the contract.
Most leases require the tenant to pay a prorated share of operating costs.
Most leases run for two to four years.
Some leases are more favorable to the landlord than others.
Some leases are self-extending.
Some leases are very reasonable about early termination.
Some leases claim to have no deposit but make up for it by charging a higher interest rate.
Some leases contain an automatic renewal clause.
Some leases contain automatic renewal clauses.
Some leases contain clauses that are unlawful or unenforceable in the courts.
Some leases contain rental increases during the term of the lease.
Some leases contain tax escalator clauses .
Some leases contain tax escalator clauses.
Some leases give the landlord the right to inspect the premises at any time.
Some leases have conditions providing for variations in rental or interest rates.
Some leases have multiple extension terms.
Some leases have non-cancelable clauses and charge severe penalties for early termination.
Some leases offer tax and accounting benefits.
Some leases prohibit or limit parties or the number of guests.
Some leases provide that redecoration can only be carried out with a landlord's permission.
Some leases receive royalty rate reductions for new discoveries or economic considerations.
Some leases require a technology refresh every year, others on a less frequent basis.
Some leases require businesses to carry a certain type of insurance.
Some leases restrict occupancy to the person or people who signed the lease.
Some leases stipulate how it can be paid, whether in person or by mail.
Some leases stipulate that all equipment is leased from the franchisor.
Leasehold improvements are additions or remodeling permanently made by a lessee.
Leasehold improvements are renovations of leased or rented rather than owned space.
Leasehold inducements come with various tax consequences.
Leasehold law works just fine.
Leasehold use is limited solely to the appropriate activities of a fixed based operator.
A leaseholder is a holder
A leaseholder is a tenant
Leaseholders are holders.
Leaseholders are mainly households without children.
Leaseholders are responsible until the end of the lease period.
Leaseholders are tenants.
Leaseholders have responsibilities.
Leaseholders have the right to open bank accounts for accomplishment of money operations.
Leash laws are liberal.
Leash laws are prevalent in many communities.
Leash laws are very reasonable.
Leash training is accomplished by first tying the pup to a stake.
Leash training is recommended.
A leash is a constraint
Leashes also detach, allowing owners to walk one dog individually.
Leashes are also extra important when dealing with a rescued dog.
Leashes are also good to help teach puppies the area in which it can eliminate.
Leashes are mandatory.
Leashes are necessary for reinforcing obedience training.
Leashes are obligatory and are always enforced at the base station lifts.
Leashes attached to trees can damage the bark.
Leashes can come in a wide variety of designs.
Leashes can give the child a sense of freedom while providing security at the same time.
Leashs are cord.
Leashs are restraint.
Leashs are used for lead.
Least biodiversity is observed on methylsilicone coatings.
Least chipmunks are active during the day, and sleep at night.
Least chipmunks are good climbers.
Least chipmunks are territorial and defend their nests from invaders.
Least chipmunks are the smallest of all chipmunks.
Least chipmunks fall prey to red-tailed and other hawks, weasels, mink, and feral domestic cats.
Least chipmunks fill cheek pouches.
Least chipmunks fill pouches.
Least chipmunks have ranges.
Most least chipmunks fill cheek pouches.
Most least chipmunks fill pouches.
Most least chipmunks have ranges.
Some least chipmunks reach maturity.
Some least chipmunks reach sexual maturity.
Least cost is the name of the game.
Least Flycatchers are grayer above and whiter below.
Least harm is more important.
Least offensive is most desirable.
Least privilege is an important principle in countering attacks and limiting damage.
A least shrew is an insectivore
Least shrews are active at all hours, but mainly at night.
Least shrews are common, nocturnal and warm-blooded.
Least shrews are shrews.
Least shrews are tiny enough to slip through the neck of the bottle and drown within.
Least shrews have an extremely high metabolic rate.
Least shrews rely mainly on their senses of touch and smell.
Least square computation uses equations.
Least squares are statistical methods.
Least squares curve fitting for XY data.
Least squares curve fitting pp.
Least squares fit using partial differential calculus to develop the normal equations.
Least squares fits lines by minimizing the sum of squared residuals.
Least squares fitting is based on minimizing the residuals between the data and fitting function.
Least squares is a commonly used measure of misfit.
Least squares is no longer the best method.
Least squares match by explicit definition of atoms.
Least squares means for lamb carcass traits by system.
Least squares means for litter traits.
Least squares means for meat quality and carcass composition.
Least squares means for performance traits.
Least squares means for sow average backfat, weight loss, and feed consumption.
Least squares means for the variance ratio statistic.
Least squares means of boar taint compounds in four breeds of entire male pigs.
Least squares minimizes data distortion.
Least squares trend fitting and forecasting, pp.
Least tern is a migrant, present in Ill.
Least terns are birds.
Least terns are small, coastal birds that resemble a streamlined version of a seagull.
Least terns are terns.
Least Terns are very active fishers.
Least terns catch small fish by diving into the water.
Least terns prefer shallow water for fishing.
Least weasels are able to thrive in many habitats.
Least weasels are active day and night.
Least weasels are effective rodent predators.
Least weasels are known to take prey in quantities larger that it can consume.
Least weasels are mammals.
Least weasels are weasels.
Least weasels are widespread throughout the Northern Hemisphere.
Least weasels avoid deep forests, sandy deserts, and open spaces.
Least weasels breed and reproduce year-round, with the possible exception of winter.
Least weasels breed one to three times per year, depending on prey density.
Least weasels can also release their anal glands when startled or fearful.
Least weasels can produce two litters a year, with three to five young per litter.
Least weasels eat meals.
Least weasels eat meat meals.
Least weasels form hierarchies, where older males are dominant over females and juvenile males.
Least weasels have babies.
Least weasels have own territory.
Least weasels have senses.
Least weasels have shapes.
Least weasels have territory.
Least weasels have typical shapes.
Least weasels have very good sense of smell with their long nose.
Least weasels inhabit a range that extends throughout Europe, North America, Asia and North Africa.
Least weasels inhabit meadows, fields, brushy land, or woods.
Least weasels live in areas.
Least weasels live in different areas.
Least weasels weigh grams.
Most least weasels eat meals.
Most least weasels eat meat meals.
Most least weasels have babies.
Most least weasels have senses.
Most least weasels have shapes.
Most least weasels have territory.
Most least weasels have typical shapes.
Most least weasels live in areas.
Most least weasels live in different areas.
Most least weasels weigh grams.
Some least weasels defend territory.
Some least weasels have long whiskers.
Some least weasels have whiskers.
Leather apron shows some wear but still usable.
Leather belt is in great condition and is original to the buckle.
Leather belt needs re-sewing.
All leather belts feature strong leather cups.
Leather corals go through a molting process as they grow.
Leather dye works that expand into the alleys.
Leather gloves are a good idea.
Leather gloves are available in pigskin, cowskin, goatskin and deerskin.
Leather gloves are gloves.
Leather gloves are more durable, but also more expensive.
Leather gloves are more effective in resisting moderate heat, chips, and rough objects.
Leather gloves are the best.
Leather gloves are tough and offer good resistance to abrasion and sparks.
Leather gloves hold up best.
Leather gloves offer the best hand protection for most garden jobs.
Leather gloves protect against rough objects, chips, sparks, and moderate heat.
Leather gloves resist sparks, moderate heat, chips and rough objects.
Most leather jackets are vintage.
Leather lace is also an option.
Leather men gay .
A leather strip is an implement
Leather strips are also a favorite.
Leather strips have pony beads and tranpsrent rings for bird fun.
Leather tanning is a very ancient practice.
Leather workers have potentially five times the risk.
A leather is animal skin
Leather actually improves with age.
Leather adjust strap with chrome slide buckle and quick release snap.
Leather also trims richly coloured plaid tweeds and dashing raincoats.
Leather ammo pouch, leather bayonet frog, sling and cleaning kit are in excellent condition.
Leather appears prominently on informal clothing.
Leather back is one of the biggest sea turtles.
Leather backstrip with attractive and colorful paper-covered boards.
Leather backstrip with marbled paper boards.
Leather becomes soft and supple.
Leather binding has some wear with lower part of backstrap missing.
Leather binding is a challenging and demanding craft, but the results are well worth it.
Leather binding is hand bound in genuine black leather.
Leather binding, with raised bands to spine, all edges gilt.
Leather can be amazingly resilient, durable and trouble-free.
Leather can be pants or jackets.
Leather can be very expensive depending on the quality of the hide.
Leather can get hot on the inside too quickly.
Leather carry bag with root, anointing oil and instructions.
Leather carry strap and deep embossed signature on the leather patch.
Leather carry thong.
Leather carrying case has swivel post built into the back of the case.
Leather carrying cases and colored faceplates are available for most current models.
Leather climbing boots are appropriate.
Leather comes from Argentina, while other materials are sourced mostly in Taiwan.
Leather comes from hides and skins which are differentiated on the basis of size.
Leather comes from Italy, Taiwan and South Korea.
Leather comes from the hides of animals.
Leather comes in a different set of colors from wool.
Leather comes in plain matte and also shiny patent leather.
Leather comes out of tanning solutions literally stiff as a board.
Leather conjures the emotions and awakens the senses.
Leather continues to be in demand.
Leather costs more but many players like the feel of a leather ball better.
Leather does have a small crank near the bottom buckle.
Leather dries out and deteriorates due to environmental and chemical causes.
Leather emits VOCs due to the chemicals used in tanning and the finishing process.
Leather especially is one of India's major exports.
Leather fills that bill.
Leather fly nets are cooler than screen masks.
Leather gauntlets with beaded grape vine motif.
Leather gauntlets with white background and a perched eagle over the American shield.
Leather gives off pheromones.
Leather grips wound with twisted brass wire.
Leather grips, very nice, like never used much if used at all.
Leather handle and appointments.
Leather handle and deluxe string.
Leather handle and padded shoulder strap.
Leather handle in excellent condition.
Leather handle with brass hilt and pommel.
Leather handle with leather hand strap secured by a chrome ring.
Leather handle wraps and detachable shoulder strap.
Leather hiking boots with good ankle support provide the best overall protection in any situation.
Leather is a by-product of the meat industry.
Leather is a collective term for all hides and skins which have been tanned.
Leather is a dark brown .
Leather is a different problem entirely.
Leather is a embossed western tool.
Leather is a good electrical insulator if kept dry.
Leather is a great cover but requires upkeep to keep the leather looking new.
Leather is a natural material and needs little or no care.
Leather is a natural material made from the hides of animals.
Leather is a natural material that 'breathes' - making it cool in the summer and warm in the winter.
Leather is a natural material.
Leather is a natural product and requires some care to maintain the natural beauty of the hide.
Leather is a natural product.
Leather is a non-woven three dimensional fabric with no shear plane.
Leather is a particularly global product.
Leather is a plus, an added value that is increasingly of influence in choosing a car.
Leather is a porous material.
Leather is a rapidly growing factor.
Leather is a relatively low-maintenance product.
Leather is a remarkable product of nature that is soft and supple, while being strong and durable.
Leather is a special case.
Leather is a symbolic overstatement, an exploration into the realm of erotic excess.
Leather is a very durable product and has survived a broad range of applications over the centuries.
Leather is a waste product of that industry.
Leather is a western tool embossed over a light padding.
Leather is acidic.
Leather is also good value here.
Leather is also heavy and, lacking a quality control department, varies in breaking strength.
Leather is also nothing but cured and processed animal skin.
Leather is always cool always in fashion.
Leather is an excellent choice for a very durable corset.
Leather is an important output.
Leather is another good example.
Leather is available, and is standard with in the Limited version.
Leather is available, but the standard suedelike cloth is grippy and cool in warm weather.
Leather is back and it s getting better all the time.
Leather is back in full force.
Leather is beautiful but it requires care.
Leather is beautifully accented with chrome hardware.
Leather is best for all purposes.
Leather is black enamel.
Leather is black or brick red.
Leather is blue or rose pink.
Leather is brick red.
Leather is by far the strongest upholstery material used in furniture.
Leather is certainly eye-catching and can look stunning on women.
Leather is clean and soft after use.
Leather is cleaned and softened.
Leather is clearly a great investment.
Leather is comfortable and adjusts to the wearer's body, but still is strong.
Leather is costly but has the most natural feel and spring to it.
Leather is created from the hides of animals which live an unsheltered life.
Leather is decorated with both glass and ostrich beads to complex and beautiful effect.
Leather is definitely more waterproof but often that is unimportant when using lightweight footwear.
Leather is dry and brittle.
Leather is durable, comfortable and a powerful status symbol.
Leather is durable.
Leather is dusty pink.
Leather is easily twice that price.
Leather is easy to clear.
Leather is effective against the wind, but it is a poor insulator.
Leather is elastic and strong, and has a high ripping resistance, unlike fabric materials.
Leather is everywhere, including the steering wheel and center console shifter.
Leather is everywhere.
Leather is excellent because it lasts well and it breathes.
Leather is excellent for support and durability, heavy fabrics such as cordura also work well.
Leather is extremely dry and in fair condition, but is all there.
Leather is extremely durable and ages gracefully.
Leather is food for fungi, insects and rodents.
Leather is found only on the rim of the tilt-adjustable steering wheel.
Leather is generally easy to care for.
Leather is great for families with pets.
Leather is harder to clean and requires more work to maintain than other materials.
Leather is heavier, hotter and less flexible - but more durable over the years and crashes.
Leather is in great condition.
Leather is in great to good condition.
Leather is in solids only .
Leather is inspired to military shapes, it's determined and characterizing.
Leather is just normal leather that is usually lined with canvas.
Leather is just such a darn good boot material.
Leather is made from animal skin, rawhide, as some call it.
Leather is made from cattle hides.
Leather is made from the hides of cattle and pigs.
Leather is made from their hides, and their wool is crafted into ropes, rugs, and fabrics.
Leather is made up of a diverse population.
Leather is making a comeback, chunky knits are prevalent.
Leather is moderately heavy, supple, and rounded at the tip.
Leather is more durable than synthetic materials, but also more expensive.
Leather is most common in the form of shoes, belts, wallets, and purses.
Leather is much used in bookbinding .
Leather is nailed on to the wooden covers.
Leather is naturally porous.
Leather is nature's most sensual and practical material.
Leather is near the top of many people's lists for furniture material, shoes, or jackets.
Leather is nice.
Leather is now standard, in a choice of such ritzy colors as platinum and cashmere.
Leather is of best natural quality, it feels pleasant and has a variety of nice colors.
Leather is one of the five most popular decorating choices today.
Leather is one of the most misunderstood terms because there are so many different types of leather.
Leather is one of the most useful and versatile materials used today to make just about anything.
Leather is optional, as is antilock brakes, tinted glass, fog lamps and an underseat storage tray.
Leather is optional, though.
Leather is organic and picks up energy.
Leather is original and available in most factory colors.
Leather is our business.
Leather is our passion, our specialty, our work, our life, and our name.
Leather is pebbled on top with smooth skirts.
Leather is perfect for busy lifestyles.
Leather is perfectly natural.
Leather is preferred.
Leather is primarily a by-product from an animal used for food.
Leather is produced from the hides in two distinct phases, tanning and finishing.
Leather is quite popular, depending on the style.
Leather is really the premium lining material.
Leather is repaired as a kit.
Leather is rubbed with gob oil, which is scraped out of the gaslamps.
Leather is so much better.
Leather is so versatile, it is used for fashion, furniture, automotive, shoes, handbags, and more.
Leather is soft and supple.
Leather is sold on a square foot basis in whole hide quantities.
Leather is somebody's skin or a by-product of somebody's skin.
Leather is still a hot item in international trade.
Leather is still flexible.
Leather is still quite strong and the Canadian market can certainly compete.
Leather is still soft and flexible.
Leather is stretched across a frame and tied in the back.
Leather is strong, tough, durable and heavy.
Leather is tanned all over the world and no two skins or tanners are quite alike.
Leather is tanned in England's finest tannery.
Leather is the absolute protagonist of clothing on trims and insertions or in total look.
Leather is the answer.
Leather is the best choice for briefcases.
Leather is the best, but canvas covered with a piece of deep-pile carpeting has worked well.
Leather is the fastest growing upholstery material used in the United States today.
Leather is the most durable form of upholstery.
Leather is the most durable upholstery material known today.
Leather is the most durable upholstery material, and is very hard to scratch.
Leather is the most durable upholstery material.
Leather is the most durable, form fitting, and waterproof material available.
Leather is the most expensive, especially if it is used for both uppers and soles.
Leather is the most suitable material for comfort and warmth.
Leather is the old standard, the traditionalist's jump rope.
Leather is the product of something that was alive.
Leather is the strongest most versatile natural resource.
Leather is the strongest natural material known to man.
Leather is the strongest upholstery material known to man.
Leather is the strongest, most versatile natural upholstery material known.
Leather is the tanned skin of a once living animal, usually cow, though many others exist.
Leather is the very best footbag material but synthetic leathers are getting better all the time.
Leather is their fetish, hard action is their game.
Leather is thin around the hotsync port opening.
Leather is tougher than cloth, and sewing it requires a heavy duty implement such as an awl.
Leather is unquestionably the most delicate surface in an automobile.
Leather is usually best.
Leather is usually suitable.
Leather is very big.
Leather is very strong.
Leather is very tough and light, but it softens greatly when wet.
Leather is worn at corners, starting to crack along spine and chipped at bottom of spine.
Leather is worn at edges and cracking along spine.
Leather is, uh, exciting .
Leather isa material.
Leather isa stuff.
Leather knows no season.
Leather lasts a long time with a little, loving care.
Leather lasts an indefinite period of time when properly cared for.
Leather lead puppy needs verbal interference.
Leather lets the foot breathe.
Leather look finish.
Leather look is imitation leather.
Leather look popper.
Leather looks good and smells nice, but maintaining it is time consuming.
Leather looks good but it can rot or stretch, or the stitching can fail.
Leather looks nice, but it's heavy, which is becoming more of an issue as bags balloon in size.
Leather loves catnip and real starkist tuna.
Leather meet hypernormalcy.
Leather needs periodic conditioning with an oil-based product to lubricate it and keep it supple.
Leather needs special cleaning.
Leather needs to be glued down on front.
Leather needs to breathe and plastic garment bags prevent air circulation.
Leather needs to breathe.
Leather needs very special care to ensure that it continues to look and wear beautifully.
Leather offers that option like nothing else on the market.
Leather offers the most protection.
Leather opens to paper, paper opens to words.
Leather pies with door jam.
Leather protects better than nylon and is simply classically beautiful.
Leather provides a tough external shell.
Leather relies on itself to create a new and comfortable glamorous look.
Leather rot .
Leather rot is a disease of strawberries that occurs sporadically throughout New York State.
Leather runs small-Order accordingly.
Leather Show Leads A thinner, lightweight lead designed specifically for comfort in the show-ring.
Leather shrinks when wet.
Leather skins and hides for all uses including garment, bag, shoe, and case.
Leather skins, offcuts, buckles etc.
Leather smells go away in time.
Leather soaks up moisture unless treated.
Leather strive to be up front and honest with our customers.
Leather tends to be more pronounced once the fruit has faded.
Leather tends to get stiff after a summer of wading.
Leather trim accent allows for rich deep deboss.
Leather trim with zipper closure.
Leather walking boots are best, although there are some good fabric boots available.
Leather wears better than skin.
Leather wears on pads are optional.
Leather win-back chairs, fireplace and chandelier all add to the atmosphere.
Leathers again are a natural product.
Leathers also have a matte finish.
Leathers are animal products.
Leathers are durable materials.
Leathers are fabric.
Leathers are hide.
Leathers are located in car seats.
Leathers are located in department stores.
Leathers are located in handbags.
Leathers are located in sex shops.
Leathers are located in stables.
Leathers are materials.
Leathers are optional.
Leathers are organic matter.
Leathers are smooths.
Leathers are solid objects.
Leathers are solids.
Leathers are tanneds.
Leathers are used for belts.
Leathers are used for protective clothing.
Leathers are used for shoes.
Leathers are used for tanning.
Leathers are used for whips.
Leathers come in pink, red, white or black.
Leathers extend from corner to corner and below the edge of the blanket to take the tie strap wear.
Leathers use for shoes.
Leather always costs extra.
Leather usually breathes well, but ask a salesperson about the breathability of specific shoes.
All leather comes from animals.
All leather doublets, all over-sleeves, all ruffs, all synthetic or velvet hats.
All leather is aniline dyed after the tanning process.
All leather is cut from first quality English or domestic hides.
All leather is sourced from American farms.
All leather is subject to availability.
All leather is the product of animal hides.
All leather is vegetable tanned.
All leather starts as aniline leather.
All leather stretches somewhat when wet.
All leathers listed are nubuk unless otherwise noted.
All leathers perform better when preventative maintenance is practiced.
More leather equals more money.
Most leather comes from factory farmed dairy cows and veal cows.
Most leathers have a top coat or protective finish.
Most leathers use for shoes.
Some leather rot in one spot on one side, causing slight bead loss.
Some leathers cover chairs.
Some leathers have resistance.
Leatherback sea turtles have carapaces.
Leatherback sea turtles have jaws.
Leatherback sea turtles have size.
Leatherback sea turtles mate in water.
Leatherback sea turtles use jaws.
Leatherback tracks are the widest of all species' tracks.
A leatherback turtle is a marine turtle
Leatherback turtles are a priority species .
Leatherback turtles are an important indicator of ocean health because they migrate so far.
Leatherback turtles are apparently intermediate in trophic status.
Leatherback turtles are carnivores that feed in the open ocean.
Leatherback turtles are critically endangered.
Leatherback turtles are in peril wherever they are found.
Leatherback turtles are injured or killed when they accidentally are caught in fishing nets.
Leatherback turtles are omnivorous and can eat sea plants and grasses.
Leatherback turtles are one of the deepest diving marine animals .
Leatherback turtles are one of the deepest diving marine animals.
Leatherback turtles are one of the deepest-diving marine animals.
Leatherback turtles are pelagic animals.
Leatherback turtles are sea turtles.
Leatherback turtles are the deepest diving marine animals.
Leatherback turtles are the largest living turtles currently.
Leatherback turtles control buoyancy.
Leatherback turtles dig pits.
Leatherback turtles face many predators in their early lives.
Leatherback turtles face many predators throughout their early life.
Leatherback turtles face threats on both nesting beaches and in the marine environment.
Leatherback turtles have a large pair of front flippers.
Leatherback turtles have carapaces.
Leatherback turtles have hard shells.
Leatherback turtles have healthy appetites every day they eat twice their own body weight in food.
Leatherback turtles have jaws.
Leatherback turtles have layers.
Leatherback turtles have shell layers.
Leatherback turtles have shells.
Leatherback turtles have size.
Leatherback turtles have skin.
Leatherback turtles live up to years.
Leatherback turtles mate in water.
Leatherback turtles mistake plastic bags for jellyfish.
Leatherback turtles possess remarkable adaptations for long and deep dives.
Leatherback turtles range in size.
Leatherback turtles return to sea.
Leatherback turtles survive for years.
Leatherback turtles undertake migration.
Most leatherback turtles dig pits.
Most leatherback turtles have carapaces.
Most leatherback turtles have hard shells.
Most leatherback turtles have jaws.
Most leatherback turtles have layers.
Most leatherback turtles have shells.
Most leatherback turtles have size.
Most leatherback turtles have skin.
Most leatherback turtles live up to years.
Most leatherback turtles range in size.
Most leatherback turtles return to sea.
Most leatherback turtles survive for years.
Most leatherback turtles undertake migration.
Some leatherback turtles catch in net.
Some leatherback turtles eat jellyfish.
Some leatherback turtles emerge at nights.
Some leatherback turtles look like fins.
Some leatherback turtles return to areas.
Some leatherback turtles return to beaches.
A leatherback is a marine turtle
Leatherback isa turtle.
Leatherbacks approach land only during breeding season.
Leatherbacks are interesting creatures.
Leatherbacks are rare in the Indian Ocean and in very low numbers in the western Pacific Ocean.
Leatherbacks are strong swimmers.
Leatherbacks are unique among sea turtles in that their primary food is jellyfish.
Leatherbacks build their nests on remote stretches of sandy beach.
Leatherbacks come ashore to nest in broad daylight.
Leatherbacks eat jellyfish and other soft-bodied animals.
Leatherbacks eat jellyfish.
Leatherbacks eat only jellyfish.
Leatherbacks have (part) brains.
Leatherbacks have (part) breasts.
Leatherbacks have (part) carapaces.
Leatherbacks have (part) cell membranes.
Leatherbacks have (part) cells.
Leatherbacks have (part) chest cavities.
Leatherbacks have (part) chests.
Leatherbacks have (part) corpi.
Leatherbacks have (part) cytoplasm.
Leatherbacks have (part) ears.
Leatherbacks have (part) faces.
Leatherbacks have (part) heads.
Leatherbacks have (part) nuclei.
Leatherbacks have (part) pedal extremities.
Leatherbacks have (part) plasma membranes.
Leatherbacks have (part) rib cages.
Leatherbacks have (part) sections.
Leatherbacks have (part) shells.
Leatherbacks have (part) skulls.
Leatherbacks have (part) sterna.
Leatherbacks have (part) vacuoles.
Leatherbacks have (part) vertebrate feet.
Leatherbacks have a unique system of blood supply to their bones and cartilage.
Leatherbacks have an un- reptilelike, more mammalian pattern of growth in their limb bones.
Leatherbacks have shells.
Leatherbacks have slightly fewer human-related threats than other sea turtle species.
Leatherbacks have the longest migration of all sea turtles.
Leatherbacks have the widest distribution of all sea turtle species.
Leatherbacks have the widest global distribution of all reptile species.
Leatherbacks live in all of the oceans.
Leatherbacks live in warm tropical waters.
Leatherbacks require warm tropical beaches to incubate their eggs.
Leatherbacks return to beaches.
Leatherbacks return to nest beaches.
Leatherbacks return to same nest beaches.
Leatherbacks seek food.
Leatherbacks spend their lives in the water, the females coming ashore only briefly to lay eggs.
Leatherbacks survive in ocean temperature.
Leatherbacks survive in temperature.
Leatherbacks thrive in all oceans of the world, except at the coldest near the poles.
Leatherbacks wear no shell, having instead a black leathery back with several raised gray stripes.
Leatherbacks often mistake floating plastic bags for their favourite prey, with fatal consequences.
Many leatherbacks fall victim to huge fishing lines like the driftnets.
More leatherbacks seem to be coming in but everyone agrees that the season has had a slow start.
Most leatherbacks eat jellyfish.
Most leatherbacks have shells.
Most leatherbacks return to beaches.
Most leatherbacks return to nest beaches.
Most leatherbacks return to same nest beaches.
Most leatherbacks seek food.
Most leatherbacks survive in ocean temperature.
Most leatherbacks survive in temperature.
Some leatherbacks catch in net.
Some leatherbacks dig deep holes.
Some leatherbacks dig holes.
Some leatherbacks engage in migration.
Some leatherbacks experience current.
Some leatherbacks experience strong ocean current.
Some leatherbacks feed on jellyfish.
Some leatherbacks follow migration routes.
Some leatherbacks follow routes.
Some leatherbacks have ability.
Some leatherbacks have cellophane.
Some leatherbacks have electromagnetic pulses.
Some leatherbacks have few natural predators.
Some leatherbacks have layers.
Some leatherbacks have natural predators.
Some leatherbacks have predators.
Some leatherbacks have pulses.
Some leatherbacks have ranges.
Some leatherbacks have weakness.
Some leatherbacks reach maturity.
Some leatherbacks strand on coasts.
A leatherjacket is a jack
Leatherjackets are a problem in some spring crops following grass.
Leatherjackets are grubs.
Leatherjackets are hard to catch because of their very small mouths and beak-like teeth.
Leatherjackets are jacks.
Leatherjackets can cause damage to plants.
Leatherjackets can sometimes cause damage to plants .
Leatherjackets can sometimes cause damage to plants.
Leatherjackets lack a distinct head and are completely legless.
Some leatherjackets are aquatic .
Some leatherjackets are aquatic.
A leatherwood is a bush
Leatherwood is quite hardy and bears yellow flowers in the spring before the leaves appear.
Leathery blades are gray to blue-green and evergreen.
Leathery leaves are also an adaptation to the cold of the tundra.
Leathery skin covered with placoid scales, reduce drag.
Leathery skin covers bones.
Most leathery skin covers bones.
Leave bronchi enter leave lungs.
Leave bronchi enter lungs.
Leave bronchi lead to leave lungs.
Leave bronchi lead to lungs.
Leave lungs consist of lobes.
Leave lungs have lobes.
Leave lungs serve essential functions.
Leave lungs serve functions.
Leave sides become surfaces.
Leave ventricles carry blood.
A leave is a period
Leaves absorb most of the light in the blue and red regions of the spectrum.
Leaves absorb nutrients quickly.
Leaves absorb sunlight and air to make food for the plant.
Leaves absorb sunlight.
Leaves absorb the sunlight and use air and water from the earth to make food.
Leaves acquire attractive red tones in autumn.
Leaves act as air cleaners, filtering dust and removing airborne pollutants.
Leaves ae linear and have two to six small teeth at the tip.
Leaves aflame proclaiming life in whistling whispers to one another.
Leaves alone break down in six to fifteen months.
Leaves also become wrinkled.
Leaves also blend well in herbal casseroles.
Leaves also can end up back on lawns when snow plows clear streets, city officials warn.
Leaves also contain yellow pigments called carotenoids.
Leaves also decline more slowly in digestibility than stems.
Leaves also develop black sooty or powdery stripes that run parallel with the leaf veins.
Leaves also develop black sooty or powdery stripes which run parallel with the leaf veins.
Leaves also drop quickly when lighting is poor.
Leaves also grow along the upper surfaces of the twigs.
Leaves also have a ciliated leaf margins.
Leaves also have a velvety texture which is essential to distinguish it from A. negundo subsp.
Leaves also have different colors, but the most common is green.
Leaves also have other important functions, to be mentioned later.
Leaves also have purple petioles.
Leaves also keep the ground and plants warm.
Leaves also perform other functions such as respiration, the movement of water throughout the plant.
Leaves also provide winter protection for tree roots.
Leaves also release the scent when rubbed.
Leaves also use veins to export sugar to roots and other nonphotosynthetic parts of the plant.
Leaves alter nate, linear in shape.
Leaves alternate , pubescent below, entire to variously and deeply toothed.
Leaves alternate along the flowering stalks and are much larger toward the base of the plant.
Leaves alternate along the stems.
Leaves alternate and exstipulate.
Leaves alternate opposite or rosulate, exstipulate.
Leaves alternate with glands along the margins of the leaf base or at the petiole apex.
Leaves alternate, linear.
Leaves alternate, lower leaves with long petioles, upper with short or no petioles.
Leaves alternate, often nearly or quite opposite.
Leaves alternate, pinnate.
Leaves alternate, pinnately divided with linear lobes, dark green.
Leaves alternate, sometimes simple, but in most species lobed or divided.
Leaves alternate, usually palmately com- pound.
Leaves alternate, usually white-mealy.
Leaves alternate, with stipules simple or compound.
Leaves appear and get.
Leaves appear blotched with pale spots, small specks to large areas.
Leaves appear blotched, speckled and grey and often fall off.
Leaves appear in spring and usually are absent by flowering time.
Leaves appear ragged, spotted, or striped.
Leaves appear scorched.
Leaves appear shiny and are somewhat sticky when honeydew is present.
Leaves appear to be diseased or damaged by frost.
Leaves appear to have an overall light green color.
Leaves appear to move.
Leaves appear upright while the margins roll inward.
Leaves appear when some water is present.
Leaves appear whitish or grayish in color due to dense pubescence.
Leaves appear yellow from above when edema is severe.
Leaves appear yellow or chlorotic and have green veins.
Leaves arch and are closely spaced.
Leaves arch outward from a central crown.
Leaves are a blue green color.
Leaves are a bright shiny green on upper surface, but covered with dense silky hairs on underside.
Leaves are a bright shiny green.
Leaves are a brilliant green in the spring and summer but begin to turn light brown in the fall.
Leaves are a comparatively low-energy food source, and flying demands a lot of energy.
Leaves are a dark, shiny, green color.
Leaves are a deep green in summer but no significant fall color.
Leaves are a deep green with gorgeous purple-red petioles.
Leaves are a deep, shiny green, lobed, and covered with prickly hairs.
Leaves are a glossy green color.
Leaves are a good insulator.
Leaves are a good source of carbon and can also be mulched on the lawn.
Leaves are a light green with a white midrib.
Leaves are a little rounder, slightly more cupped.
Leaves are a little thick and have all the shade of colors from yellow to red.
Leaves are a major source of water loss and are difficult to protect from winter conditions.
Leaves are a medium green color and are maintained in good quality throughout the growing season.
Leaves are a natural.
Leaves are a plant's food factory.
Leaves are a plant's main photosynthetic organs.
Leaves are a symbol of hope.
Leaves are a valuable resource, finding uses in many phases of gardening.
Leaves are a very fresh light green and semi-glossy.
Leaves are a very important part of plants.
Leaves are abnormally thin, plants are brittle and branches have a tendency to curve upward.
Leaves are about eight inches long.
Leaves are about the size and shape of rice kernels.
Leaves are abundant, both at the base and along the stems.
Leaves are abundant, long, medium in width, and blunt at the terminal.
Leaves are adapted to perform their function eg they have a large surface area to absorb sunlight.
Leaves are all green.
Leaves are almost linear to lanceolate.
Leaves are almost round to kidney shaped, borne on long petioles.
Leaves are also commonly succulent, storing water in fleshy internal tissue.
Leaves are also delicious.
Leaves are also edible.
Leaves are also hairless and alternate on the stem.
Leaves are also important for humans as they are one of the best ways to identify various plants.
Leaves are also important in our environment.
Leaves are also sessile and oblong to nearly ovate.
Leaves are also the sites in most plants where respiration, transpiration, and guttation take place.
Leaves are also the sites in most plants where transpiration and guttation take place.
Leaves are also thicker.
Leaves are also toxic, but to a lesser degree.
Leaves are also valuable for their textural addition to soil.
Leaves are alternate and abundant at shoot tips.
Leaves are alternate and are pinnately compound with numerous toothed leaflets.
Leaves are alternate and bipianately compound.
Leaves are alternate and commonly cordate in outline, but vary to hastate, oblong, or linear.
Leaves are alternate and compound, or twice compound.
Leaves are alternate and contain some teeth.
Leaves are alternate and covered with stiff hair.
Leaves are alternate and doubly toothed.
Leaves are alternate and flowers are funnel-shaped.
Leaves are alternate and have lobed, mitten-shaped, or entire margins.
Leaves are alternate and odd-pinnate.
Leaves are alternate and ovate to lanceolate in shape with slightly toothed margins.
Leaves are alternate and ovate with irregularly wavy or lobed margins.
Leaves are alternate and pinnately compound with oval-shaped leaflets that have entire margins.
Leaves are alternate and pinnately trifoliolate.
Leaves are alternate and range in number from two to nine, five being the most common.
Leaves are alternate and simple and margins are entire .
Leaves are alternate and simple, with very prominant straight lateral veins.
Leaves are alternate and simple.
Leaves are alternate and toothed with parallel veins.
Leaves are alternate and toothed.
Leaves are alternate and usually linear to elliptical.
Leaves are alternate or opposite, simple, without stipules.
Leaves are alternate or pinnate to thrice pinnately compound.
Leaves are alternate with entire leaf margins.
Leaves are alternate with the leaflets arranged in an odd-pinnate pattern.
Leaves are alternate with toothed edges.
Leaves are alternate with toothed, or entire, leaf margins.
Leaves are alternate, coarse and densely hairy.
Leaves are alternate, compound and odd-pinnate.
Leaves are alternate, compound with five to nine leaflets.
Leaves are alternate, compound, with thorns or spines.
Leaves are alternate, egg-shaped, smooth and glossy in appearance.
Leaves are alternate, entire margined, and have long, slender petioles.
Leaves are alternate, entire, shiny, ovate or ovate-lanceolate, and long pointed at the tip.
Leaves are alternate, entire-margined, and have long, slender petioles.
Leaves are alternate, finely pinnately divided, hairy with distinct carrotlike odor.
Leaves are alternate, long, linear, flat and sheathing.
Leaves are alternate, oval to lanceolate, and untoothed.
Leaves are alternate, ovate, finely toothed and the upper and lower surface has fine hairs.
Leaves are alternate, palmately lobed, and star-shaped.
Leaves are alternate, pinnately compound in a feather-like manner.
Leaves are alternate, roughly triangular in outline with prominently toothed margins.
Leaves are alternate, simple small elliptic, deciduous or persistent.
Leaves are alternate, simple, and double-toothed with equal leaf bases.
Leaves are alternate, simple, and generally arrowhead-shaped.
Leaves are alternate, simple, and toothed.
Leaves are alternate, simple, lobed.
Leaves are alternate, simple, with thorns or spines.
Leaves are alternate, soft and lightly hairy.
Leaves are alternate, toothed, and have nearly straight veins.
Leaves are alternate, trifoliolate.
Leaves are alternate.
Leaves are always present, but gradually fall in the last weeks before the new leaves unfurl.
Leaves are amazing organs on a plant.
Leaves are an ideal mulch material readily available in the fall.
Leaves are Anisophyllous .
Leaves are approximately as broad as long without measuring the pointed tip.
Leaves are aromatic and have a fragrance similar to lemon grass.
Leaves are aromatic when crushed.
Leaves are aromatic, and bear striking resemblance to hemp or cannabis plant.
Leaves are aromatic.
Leaves are arranged in the form of rosette.
Leaves are at first smaller than normal, cupped, distorted, and yellow.
Leaves are at the base of the plant.
Leaves are attached at the slightly enlarged area on the shoot that is referred to as a node.
Leaves are attached to the main stem at nodes.
Leaves are attached to the stem at right angles, and the tips of the leaves tend to droop.
Leaves are attractive in herbal arrangements or as a background for floral displays.
Leaves are available in tea bags and make a delicious tea.
Leaves are available to touch.
Leaves are barely alternate, thus appearing subopposite, to clearly alternate.
Leaves are basal and along the stems.
Leaves are basal, which means they grow close to the ground in a cluster.
Leaves are beautiful yellow-green color.
Leaves are beautiful, with splashes of cream, yellow, pink and sometimes red.
Leaves are big and broad, somewhat round to heart shaped.
Leaves are big,little and round.
Leaves are bitten off, swallowed, and ground into a large bolus in the bird's oversized crop.
Leaves are blighted.
Leaves are blue green, broad with fibrous margins.
Leaves are blue-gray in color.
Leaves are blue-green during the growing season.
Leaves are blue-green in color.
Leaves are blunt at the tips instead of pointed.
Leaves are both basal and alternately attached up the stem.
Leaves are bright green and appear after a rain storm.
Leaves are bright green turning red, orange or yellow in autumn.
Leaves are bright green with toothed edges.
Leaves are bright green, often with red margins and very short petioles.
Leaves are bright yellow-green in spring.
Leaves are bright, shiny and oval shaped.
Leaves are brittle or cracked .
Leaves are broad and almost round.
Leaves are broad and have strong veins.
Leaves are broad and heart-shaped, and they gradually taper to a point.
Leaves are broad at the base and taper to a rounded point.
Leaves are broad flat, compound, and opposite.
Leaves are broad lightly lobed.
Leaves are broad or narrow, depending on the species.
Leaves are broad with distinct midvein and are usually rough.
Leaves are broad, oval, flat, stiff, thick.
Leaves are broad.
Leaves are broader and somewhat larger than striate leaves, and seed is borne somewhat differently.
Leaves are broadleaf ovals that turn yellow in the fall.
Leaves are broadly egg-shaped, with pointed tips and squarish bases.
Leaves are broadly elliptic, rounded to pointed at the tip, and toothed.
Leaves are broad-oblong and light green.
Leaves are bronze green changing to dark green with maturity.
Leaves are brown.
Leaves are characters to be encoded.
Leaves are chartreuse with a green margin.
Leaves are chartreuse with a wide green edge.
Leaves are chewed and slimed.
Leaves are chewed and then wadded to make a sponge to soak up water from rain-filled plants.
Leaves are chewed.
Leaves are chiefly basal and are divided into very fine, almost threadlike, linear segments.
Leaves are classified, in the first place, as either simple or compound.
Leaves are club-shaped and have a waxy leaf surface.
Leaves are completely glabrous.
Leaves are complex plant organs upon which life depends.
Leaves are composed of three leaflets of varying sizes.
Leaves are compound and exhibit a range of green shades in spring and summer.
Leaves are compound and have a spicy, peppery flavor.
Leaves are compound and pinnate, a foot or more in length.
Leaves are compound and shiny green on the upper surface.
Leaves are compound pinnate.
Leaves are compound with numerous pinnate leaflets.
Leaves are compound, alternate in arrangement and leaflets are two to four pairs.
Leaves are compound, with five to eight leaflets dangling like fingers from a long stalk.
Leaves are compound.
Leaves are compound-pinnate, hairy when young, later glabrous.
Leaves are compund with three leaflets.
Leaves are considered a natural product.
Leaves are conspicuously red-dotted.
Leaves are cooked like spinach and provide vitamin C, calcium, iron, magnesium and protein.
Leaves are cordate in shape, and lobed or divided.
Leaves are cordate or rounded.
Leaves are crowded and scattered around the stems.
Leaves are crowed in a basal rosette, blades are simple and variously lobed.
Leaves are crunchy when they change colors.
Leaves are curled and dwarfed.
Leaves are curled, later wither and drop early.
Leaves are curled, swollen, and distorted.
Leaves are curled.
Leaves are cut off leaving the bases attached to the stumps.
Leaves are dandelion shaped, with spine-tipped edges.
Leaves are dark glossy green turning to red in autumn.
Leaves are dark glossy green with a yellow, rusty fall color.
Leaves are dark gray-green in color, and pale pink flowers bloom at the tips of the stems in summer.
Leaves are dark green above and light green below.
Leaves are dark green and curved with several veins.
Leaves are dark green and divided into three segments.
Leaves are dark green and heart shaped.
Leaves are dark green and marbled with silver.
Leaves are dark green and medium large.
Leaves are dark green and often lobed or divided.
Leaves are dark green and rusty brown.
Leaves are dark green and shiny above, paler and downy below.
Leaves are dark green and smooth on their upper surface, and white woolly beneath.
Leaves are dark green and sometimes have light spots.
Leaves are dark green and very glossy.
Leaves are dark green in summer and yellow in early fall.
Leaves are dark green in summer turning to red and yellow in the fall.
Leaves are dark green on the top surface and paler underneath.
Leaves are dark green on upper surface and paler and somewhat hairy beneath.
Leaves are dark green to start with, but become increasingly purple as the plants mature.
Leaves are dark green when grown in shade to a light green when grown with more sunlight.
Leaves are dark green with a burgundy midrib.
Leaves are dark green with a lighter underside.
Leaves are dark green with a serrated edge.
Leaves are dark green, cleft, and makes a pretty plant.
Leaves are dark green, semi-glossy, and disease resistant.
Leaves are dark green, slightly pubescent with numerous secondary leaflets.
Leaves are dark green, turning yellowish in the fall.
Leaves are dark green, which turn yellow in the fall.
Leaves are dark green, with a paler green undersurface.
Leaves are dark green.
Leaves are dark greenabove and paler green beneath, and are rough, feeling raspy or sandpapery.
Leaves are dark olive-green and densely crinkled.
Leaves are dark, shiny green above gray to shiny white and downy below.
Leaves are dark-green in summer, turning yellow in fall.
Leaves are deciduous, alternate, simple and with teeth or small lobes on the margins.
Leaves are deciduous.
Leaves are decimated and can no longer support the plant.
Leaves are deep green in summer becoming brilliant yellow, red, and purple in autumn.
Leaves are deep green with narrow reddish edges.
Leaves are deep green, glossy, with inconspicuous veins.
Leaves are deep green, with a red stem that makes it a stand out in the summer.
Leaves are deep green.
Leaves are deeply and distinctly toothed and have a soft pubescence.
Leaves are deeply and irregularly indented, with a smooth waxy surface or a somewhat hairy surface.
Leaves are deeply divided.
Leaves are definitely hairier, and the plant is more xeric than montane in habit.
Leaves are deformed and streaked with yellow or brown markings.
Leaves are deformed, wrinkled, and pigmented a bright red.
Leaves are delicious fresh in salads or cooked like spinach.
Leaves are densely pubescent.
Leaves are designed flat and open so they can absorb energy the suns rays.
Leaves are different.
Leaves are difficult to detect and are usually just a few small threadlike scales.
Leaves are difficult to digest and have little nutritional value.
Leaves are dissected and compound.
Leaves are distinctly glandular and thinly tomentose.
Leaves are divided into two types a trophophyll and a sporophyll.
Leaves are dorsiventral and they exhibit many shapes and structures.
Leaves are down, of course, so it's the pines that matter most.
Leaves are downy, with smooth edges.
Leaves are dry and shriveled .
Leaves are dull green on the upper surface, densley covered with silky hairs on the underside.
Leaves are dwarfed and curl upward.
Leaves are dwarfed, irregular, rolled, curled, or cupped.
Leaves are dwarfed, mottled, and distorted.
Leaves are dwarfed, puckered, folded, and mottled or spotted with yellow.
Leaves are easily broken, so expect some small bits.
Leaves are easily bruised when picking, so handle carefully.
Leaves are eaten and plants are partially defoliated.
Leaves are eaten as a vegetable and are also used medicinally.
Leaves are either absent or very much reduced.
Leaves are elliptic to ovate in shape, oppositely arranged on twigs.
Leaves are elliptic, upper surface dark green, lower surface with large brownish scales.
Leaves are elliptical and oblong, three to five inches in length, with smooth, non-serrated edges.
Leaves are elliptical with pinnate venation and a deep notch.
Leaves are entire or toothed and borne alternately.
Leaves are entire, gray and densely covered with cottony hair.
Leaves are entire, ovate to round ovate, deciduous.
Leaves are erect or arched, dark green, leathery.
Leaves are erect similar to lancifolia but wider.
Leaves are erect, smooth and gray with short stems and elliptic in shape.
Leaves are essential for the well-being of plants.
Leaves are even capable of folding over themselves several times.
Leaves are evergreen and palatable to many animal species including some birds.
Leaves are evergreen and they are alternately arranged on the branches.
Leaves are evergreen, deciduous, spined or smooth-edged.
Leaves are evergreen.
Leaves are everywhere outside the house.
Leaves are evident on a student's transcript only as gaps in registrations.
Leaves are extremely succulent and are maroon brown.
Leaves are fairly easy to do.
Leaves are fan-shaped with small teeth at the tips.
Leaves are feathery with many divisions or branches.
Leaves are fernlike, once or twice compound, and usually hairy.
Leaves are few in number and clustered near the base of the culm.
Leaves are few, long and narrow, and all at the base.
Leaves are fine and needlelike.
Leaves are finely divided and resemble a watercress leaf from which it is closely related.
Leaves are flat or folded.
Leaves are fleshy and covered with tiny, rigid hairs on the edges.
Leaves are flimsy.
Leaves are folded in the bud with overlapping sheaths.
Leaves are forest green, bright narrow and regular white margin.
Leaves are found in groups of three or five and the undersides are silver-white in color.
Leaves are fragrant when crushed.
Leaves are frequently hand-harvested in stages as they mature on the plant stem.
Leaves are fun to jump in a pile,so let's jump and role awhile.
Leaves are fuzzy and generally have relatively few, coursely spaced teeth.
Leaves are generally bright to dark green, somewhat hairy , opposite , and borne on long petioles .
Leaves are generally entire but notched, and smooth.
Leaves are generally similar in appearance to spinach.
Leaves are glabrous and two to three times as long as wide.
Leaves are glabrous or nearly so beneath.
Leaves are glabrous, lobed, and grow as a rosette.
Leaves are glossy above and somewhat bloomy beneath.
Leaves are glossy above but glabrous, or nearly so, beneath.
Leaves are glossy and faintly patterned.
Leaves are glossy and have smooth edges with neither lobes nor teeth.
Leaves are glossy and often red or bronze tinted when young.
Leaves are glossy dark green above, and lighter underneath.
Leaves are glossy green and develop excellent red-bronze fall color.
Leaves are glossy green in summer and reddish purple in fall.
Leaves are glossy with five leaflets.
Leaves are glossy, deep green above and somewhat bloomy beneath.
Leaves are glossy.
Leaves are glossy-green and thick.
Leaves are good for balancing the female cycle.
Leaves are good for coughs.
Leaves are grass-like and originate at the soil surface.
Leaves are grasslike, and usually shorter than the flower stalk.
Leaves are grass-like.
Leaves are gray and curly.
Leaves are gray, covered with fine hairs, and are soft to the touch.
Leaves are gray, flowers are yellow.
Leaves are gray-green and velvety to the touch.
Leaves are great fresh or dried for seasoning in many foods and dishes.
Leaves are green and long - spotted evenly with silver.
Leaves are green and yellow and used to fill in between the flowers.
Leaves are green because they contain chlorophyll, the plant s food factory.
Leaves are green because they have a green pigment called chlorophyll.
Leaves are green excepting the young new growth which is pink.
Leaves are green flattened needles that grow individually.
Leaves are green on both sides with a smooth or slightly downy lower surface.
Leaves are green or speckled and spear-shaped.
Leaves are green with a silvery gloss.
Leaves are green with bright golden center.
Leaves are green with small purple blotches , underside , purple, deep purple blotches.
Leaves are green, slightly pubescent and open.
Leaves are greenish teal, dark khaki, and a light clear green.
Leaves are grey, bipinnate and leaflets are linear.
Leaves are grey-green to almost silver depending on the locality and season.
Leaves are greyish green with yellow teeth.
Leaves are greyish-green and well blistered.
Leaves are hairless, bright green above and whitish below.
Leaves are hairy and rough.
Leaves are hairy beneath, at least on the whitish veins.
Leaves are hairy underneath and smooth or hairy on the upper surface.
Leaves are hairy, dark green on compact stems.
Leaves are handwritten.
Leaves are harvested for tea around the time the plant flowers.
Leaves are heart shaped on all three.
Leaves are heart shaped to round.
Leaves are heart-shaped and margins are serrated.
Leaves are heart-shaped or round.
Leaves are heart-shaped, with fine serration.
Leaves are heavy with substance.
Leaves are held onto twigs by coarse brown threads of the causal pathogen.
Leaves are high in cellulose, in terms of the mass of the leaf, and what it is got going on there.
Leaves are high in protein and low in fibre.
Leaves are high in protein and minerals.
Leaves are higher in protein and more digestible than stems.
Leaves are highly divided and thin.
Leaves are highly fragrant as are the roots.
Leaves are highly variable.
Leaves are important to plants because they provide nourishment or food for the plants.
Leaves are in tufts that appear to grow directly out of the ground.
Leaves are in whirls, lanceolate and generally smooth.
Leaves are in whorls of three and have a needle-like appearance.
Leaves are inconspicuous.
Leaves are initially water-soaked and covered with sparse gray mycelia and tan sclerotia.
Leaves are lance shaped and smooth, bordered by conspicuous white margins.
Leaves are lance shaped.
Leaves are lanceolate with smooth margins.
Leaves are lanceolate, near sessile, and are distinctly serrated along the entire margin.
Leaves are lance-shaped and flat.
Leaves are lance-shaped, opposite, thick, and dull or bluish green.
Leaves are large and alternate.
Leaves are large and broad.
Leaves are large and compound, with a dozen or more long-oval, near glabrous leaflets.
Leaves are large and compound.
Leaves are large and deep green.
Leaves are large and have silvery spots that look like an artist has painted splashes on each leaf.
Leaves are large and present only in the spring.
Leaves are large and wide, bright green with very curly edges.
Leaves are large and wrinkled.
Leaves are large dark green with a free range growth habit in it's form.
Leaves are large even on young plants.
Leaves are large with rounded lobes.
Leaves are large, alternate, pleated, clasping, and parallel veined.
Leaves are large, alternate, wavy and broadest at the base with hollow petioles.
Leaves are large, broad and medium green.
Leaves are large, dark green and somewhat rugose in appearance.
Leaves are large, dark green, open and pubescent.
Leaves are large, hairy and deep green in colour.
Leaves are large, low growing with hairy tops and undersides.
Leaves are large, open, and slightly pubescent.
Leaves are large, rounded and deeply veined with wavy edges and purple petioles.
Leaves are large, spiny, and covered with fine dense hair, giving a grayish appearance.
Leaves are large, with long petioles, so form a canopy above and around the edible heads.
Leaves are large.
Leaves are leathery and fan-shaped.
Leaves are leathery and have excellent substance.
Leaves are leathery and oleander shaped.
Leaves are leathery and slightly rough.
Leaves are leathery green.
Leaves are leathery, dark green above and lighter below.
Leaves are less aromatic than other species.
Leaves are less blue than is typical of the class.
Leaves are less than an inch long and taper towards the stems.
Leaves are liberally streaked and frosted silvery white.
Leaves are light and dark jade with marine blue.
Leaves are light green above, silvery green beneath, and flutter in even the lightest wind.
Leaves are light green and flimsy with long, flimsy, sparse hairs.
Leaves are light green and glossy.
Leaves are light green to yellow and distorted, especially terminal leaves.
Leaves are light green, simple, many and closely set among the branchelets.
Leaves are light green, turning yellow in autumn.
Leaves are light green.
Leaves are like fingers because both are made up of atoms.
Leaves are like organs to the trees.
Leaves are linear and have two to six small teeth at the tip.
Leaves are linear and narrow and have a blue tint.
Leaves are linear, upper surface sometimes hairy towards base of the blade.
Leaves are lobed or toothed and pubescent on both surfaces.
Leaves are lobed to roughly toothed, looking similar to black hawthorn.
Leaves are lobed, toothed, incised or variegated.
Leaves are long and broad and have dense pubescence on upper and undersides.
Leaves are long and broad, scantly pubescent and have a green midrib.
Leaves are long and moderately broad, usually with one midrib.
Leaves are long and narrow, golden green and lemon scented.
Leaves are long and narrow.
Leaves are long and slender, bright green and succulent.
Leaves are long and thin and come to a point.
Leaves are long and thin with distinct swollen basket-lie nodes.
Leaves are long and thin with distinct swollen basket-like nodes.
Leaves are long and thin with tiny, dense, spikey hairs and some tiny sparse serrations.
Leaves are long and thin with tiny, dense, spiky hairs and some tiny sparse serrations.
Leaves are long and thin.
Leaves are long and very narrow.
Leaves are long with gently serrated edges and exude milky juice when broken.
Leaves are long with very deep teeth, after the plant has gotten large.
Leaves are long, oval and waxy.
Leaves are long, oval, and waxy.
Leaves are long, slender, strongly upright.
Leaves are long, thin and waxy.
Leaves are long, thin, and waxy.
Leaves are long, thin, tapering and often curl at ends.
Leaves are low in nitrogen, yet high in mineral content.
Leaves are macrophylls but take the form of needles or scales for most species.
Leaves are made to catch light and have openings to allow water and air to come and go.
Leaves are mainly alternate but lower leaves appear to be opposite due to crowding.
Leaves are mainly basal, are rather firm and stiff.
Leaves are mainly near glabrous.
Leaves are mainly responsible for perception of light intensity in plants.
Leaves are maroon to dark green.
Leaves are matte green and disease resistant.
Leaves are medium green above and light green beneath.
Leaves are medium green above and silvery green beneath.
Leaves are medium green on upper and lower sides.
Leaves are medium green when mature and lighter-colored beneath.
Leaves are medium green with a teardrop shape.
Leaves are medium green with a wedge-shaped base.
Leaves are medium green, girl-type leaves.
Leaves are medium green, semi-glossy, and resistant to blackspot and mildew .
Leaves are medium green, turning yellow in the fall.
Leaves are medium green.
Leaves are medium in length, broad and open.
Leaves are medium in width, dark green and numerous.
Leaves are medium sized, and coarsely toothed.
Leaves are medium to dark green and leathery.
Leaves are medium to dark matte green and typically have seven leaflets.
Leaves are medium to light green in color.
Leaves are medium-green and glossy.
Leaves are mesophyllous, and shade leaves, tend to be covered with epiphytic growth.
Leaves are mildly or severely mottled.
Leaves are more digestible than stems.
Leaves are more narrow than in some other wheats.
Leaves are most critical with legumes and first-cut grass hays.
Leaves are most susceptible to infection in spring and early summer.
Leaves are most vulnerable to infection while still expanding.
Leaves are mostly deciduous , only very few alders are evergreen .
Leaves are mostly net-veined.
Leaves are mostly opposite with simple blades and serrate margins.
Leaves are mottled a bright yellow and green.
Leaves are mottled and become crinkled.
Leaves are mottled light and dark green with some yellowing.
Leaves are mottled light and dark green, puckered, and crinkled.
Leaves are narrow and grass-like.
Leaves are narrow and linear.
Leaves are narrow and long.
Leaves are narrow and sworklike.
Leaves are narrow and three-cornered which wither by flowering time.
Leaves are narrow and toothed.
Leaves are narrow and very numerous.
Leaves are narrow at the base and slightly lobed.
Leaves are narrow to oval in shape and gradually taper to an acute tip.
Leaves are narrow, bright green, hairy, numerous and are attached directly to the stem.
Leaves are narrow, dark green and tan.
Leaves are narrow, feathery and deeply cut dark greyish green.
Leaves are narrow, gray-striped beneath, green above with red tips.
Leaves are narrow, oval and pointed.
Leaves are narrowly oval and hairy.
Leaves are nature s food factories.
Leaves are nature's food factories.
Leaves are needed to protect and nourish important pollinators.
Leaves are nicely veined and light green.
Leaves are normally absent, although sometimes very reduced leaves are produced by young plants.
Leaves are normally green , due to chlorophyll in chloroplasts in the chlorenchyma cells.
Leaves are numerous, long and narrow.
Leaves are numerous, long and slender.
Leaves are numerous, opposite, and borne directly on the stem.
Leaves are oblanceolate with a notch on the apex.
Leaves are oblong and distinctly notched at the apex.
Leaves are oblong and grayish-green and the bark is smooth and light gray to brown.
Leaves are oblong, wavy-edged, or lobed.
Leaves are obovate with margins that are slightly recurved.
Leaves are occasionally pustulate.
Leaves are of best quality just when fully expanded or slightly smaller.
Leaves are of great variety, differing in shape, size, texture and colour.
Leaves are of medium size, elongated rhomboid in shape and medium green in colour.
Leaves are often a lighter color on lower surface than top.
Leaves are often bent and distorted.
Leaves are often distinctly hairy.
Leaves are often dwarfed or mottled light green or yellow.
Leaves are often red to orange in the fall.
Leaves are often small and bunched in rosettes.
Leaves are often spikey and stiff, with colours ranging from green, red, pink, silver or variegated.
Leaves are often the primary site of photosynthesis.
Leaves are olive green and fir green.
Leaves are on apples.
Leaves are on short petioles that arise along the ascendant stems.
Leaves are on the tree for a single growing season.
Leaves are once pinately compound and evergreen.
Leaves are one of the most adaptable parts of the plant.
Leaves are only an occasional problem now.
Leaves are open with small secondary leaflets.
Leaves are open, light green and slightly pubescent.
Leaves are opposite along stem, oval, toothed margins and with long petioles.
Leaves are opposite and deeply lobed.
Leaves are opposite and lance shaped.
Leaves are opposite and large with entire leaf margins.
Leaves are opposite and pinnately compound.
Leaves are opposite compound.
Leaves are opposite on the stem and mostly compound with three to five leaflets.
Leaves are opposite or in threes with the upper surface having two separate or blended white lines.
Leaves are opposite with smooth and continuous margin, and linear-elliptic or widest in middle.
Leaves are opposite with toothed, entire, or lobed margins.
Leaves are opposite, entire, or shallowly lobed.
Leaves are opposite, long-petioled, and palmately compound with five to nine toothed leaflets.
Leaves are opposite, narrow, and about one half inch long.
Leaves are opposite, nearly linear, and attached to four-sided stems without stalks.
Leaves are opposite, oblong or heart-shaped at the base.
Leaves are opposite, pinnately compound and the leaflets have a wavy, toothed margin.
Leaves are opposite, trifoliate with faintly but irregularly toothed margins.
Leaves are opposite.
Leaves are oval and cut along margins.
Leaves are oval and have a glossy surface.
Leaves are oval and pinnately divided.
Leaves are oval and tapered at base with a distinct point at the tip.
Leaves are oval and tapered at both ends with many sharp teeth.
Leaves are oval and thick, dark green above, yellowish below.
Leaves are oval and typically show some serrations.
Leaves are oval or elliptical, two inches long, and opposite.
Leaves are oval or heart-shaped.
Leaves are oval to oblong and toothless.
Leaves are oval with a grape leaf like texture.
Leaves are oval with prominent parallel veins.
Leaves are oval, leathery in appearance, often horizontal and large.
Leaves are oval, leathery, and downy white underneath.
