Most whale sharks occur in warm temperate sea.
Some whale sharks eat plankton.
Some whale sharks eat tiny plankton.
Some whale sharks feed on plankton.
Whale sightings are common, along with sea lions, otters, porpoises and puffins.
Most whale sightings occur on Tasmania's east coast.
Whale song is heard in all the oceans of the world.
Whale species face threats the world over but few more so than the North Atlantic right whale.
All whale species rely on sound to communicate and navigate through the vast ocean.
Some whale species reside in the channel all year round.
Some whale species seem to be able to communicate over long distances.
Whale spout is really just what happens when the whale exhales.
Whale tours are popular, in-season.
Whale watchers are thrilled to spot a minke whale.
Whale watchers spot a dolphin off the Ligurian coast.
Whale watchers take great care to respect their territory.
A whale is a person
Whale dives down deep Below our view.
Whale drinks some sort of liquor while Boone has a beer.
Whale is effective to meet e-business.
Whale is in rapidly declining health.
Whale Is Stuck.
Whale isa mammal.
Whale meet again.
Whale persuades Boone to sit for a drawing.
Whale represents strength, grace, intuition and knowledge from the past.
Whale rhymes with snail.
Whale sounds courtesy of the Whales site.
Whale sounds library.
Whale turns up much more commonly in images of art and popular culture than on the table.
Whale watching and crabbing also continue out of Bodega Bay during the rockfish closure.
Whale watching and fishing charters are also available.
Whale watching and great white shark viewing trips are a specialty.
Whale watching benefits local economies while it lifts the human soul.
Whale watching by kayak is the ultimate in awesome.
Whale watching companies usually take passengers on a zodiac onto the open water to view the whales.
Whale watching in the sanctuary is a speciality.
Whale watching Many opponents to whaling say that whale watching and hunting is incompatible.
Whale watching offers communities a sense of identity and considerable pride.
Whale watching on Maui is seasonal.
Whale watching packages including accommodation on the beach are available.
Whale watching provides people with an opportunity to learn about and appreciate marine wildlife.
Whale watching that is only commercial is a wasted opportunity.
Whales actually have suborders depending on whether they have teeth or baleen.
Whales adapt to life.
Whales also are mammals that travel in pods, and are closely related to dolphins.
Whales also communicate through low frequency creaks, moans, and groans.
Whales also emit low frequency sound waves.
Whales also grow some sparse hair, usually on the front of the lower jaw.
Whales also have Lepas.
Whales also have more myoglobin, the oxygen-carrying pigment in the muscle.
Whales also leap out of the water.
Whales also like small creatures called cumaceans and isopods.
Whales also retain a number of vestigial structures in their organs of sensation.
Whales also swim very differently than fish.
Whales also use a variety of sounds to communicate.
Whales also use body language to communicate.
Whales also use their blubber to store up energy for future use.
Whales are a good example of using low-frequency sound to communicate.
Whales are able to grow to such enormous sizes because their weight is supported by the water.
Whales are abundant, and some six species of seals are found in the area.
Whales are accustomed to sea lions swimmin near.
Whales are actually worth more alive than dead.
Whales are airbreathers with lungs while fish breathe with gills.
Whales are almost extinct.
Whales are also able to control the assignment of blood to various parts of their body.
Whales are also extremely large.
Whales are also important for our soul in a respect.
Whales are also in the limelight.
Whales are also in the polar regions and can be found near the surfaces of water where they prey.
Whales are also occasional visitors.
Whales are also plenty in their vicinity.
Whales are amazing creatures.
Whales are among the most interesting and awe inspiring creatures on Earth.
Whales are an ancient species going back before any of our tribal traditions.
Whales are an endangered species.
Whales are another marine mammal , but unlike the seals, they are exclusively marine.
Whales are another story.
Whales are aquatic mammals.
Whales are aquatic.
Whales are at the top of the food chain and have no predators other than humans.
Whales are at the top of the vast food chains of the sea.
Whales are awesome.
Whales are back in the news.
Whales are big mammals.
Whales are blue and white.
Whales are bony fish.
Whales are by far the largest living mammal on the planet earth.
Whales are by no means alone in their symphonic calls.
Whales are capable of swims.
Whales are cetaceans.
Whales are classified as mammals, even though they are clearly aquatic animals.
Whales are common in the area.
Whales are cool.
Whales are curious.
Whales are descended from land mammals.
Whales are descended from mammals.
Whales are descended from terrestrial mammals.
Whales are different.
Whales are divided into two categories, based on their teeth.
Whales are endangered animals.
Whales are enormous in size and weight.
Whales are extremely derived mammals.
Whales are extremely rare in the Mediterranean Sea.
Whales are for watching.
Whales are from a group of mammals called cetaceans.
Whales are generally scarce, but are occasionally spotted further north.
Whales are Gravely Endangered.
Whales are highly evolved mammals.
Whales are highly specialized for life in the water.
Whales are hunted for their meat and other body parts.
Whales are impressive and fascinating animals for students to study.
Whales are kind of like huge fish, but they are actually mammals.
Whales are known to teach , learn , cooperate , scheme , and even grieve .
Whales are known to teach, learn, cooperate, scheme, and even grieve.
Whales are large brained and sensitive creatures.
Whales are large, magnificent, intelligent, aquatic mammals.
Whales are large.
Whales are large-brained and sensitive creatures.
Whales are localised, according to their kinds, in certain seas which they never leave.
Whales are located in aquariums.
Whales are located in oceans.
Whales are located in water.
Whales are long-lived and produce few young at a time.
Whales are long-lived mammals with a low reproductive rate.
Whales are mammals and have many of the features and systems of mammal anatomy.
Whales are mammals and reproduce by internal fertilization just as other mammals do.
Whales are mammals but the whale shark is a true shark and the largest fish in the world.
Whales are mammals deriving their oxygen from the air.
Whales are mammals designed for life in water.
Whales are mammals that live in the ocean like fish, but they are very, very different from fish.
Whales are mammals that live in the ocean.
Whales are mammals, breathing fresh air by means of a blowhole and a pair of lungs.
Whales are mammals, just like human beings, they breathe air and feed their young on milk.
Whales are mammals, so they feed milk to their babies and breathe air.
Whales are mammals, they nourish their young with milk from the mother.
Whales are mammals, which means the sperm whale has lungs and breathes air.
Whales are mammals.
Whales are mammals.
Whales are marine mammals and breath air.
Whales are marine mammals.
Whales are marine mammals.
Whales are masterful singers, capable of sending their calls over thousands of miles.
Whales are migratory.
Whales are more compassionate as well as more intelligent than their genocidal tormentors.
Whales are much larger than most dolphins and porpoises.
Whales are nice.
Whales are no exception.
Whales are no more or less an important part of the food chain than most other animals.
Whales are occasional visitors, as well.
Whales are once again in peril.
Whales are one of the resources to which the concept of sustainable use is applicable.
Whales are phenomenal creatures.
Whales are playful and carefree.
Whales are plentiful.
Whales are probably able to excrete large quantities of urine with their kidneys.
Whales are rare and seabirds uncommon, due in large part to unpredictable open water conditions.
Whales are rare, except for the occasional narwhal .
Whales are scarce as hen's teeth whenever thou art up here.
Whales are ships.
Whales are smarter.
Whales are social animals.
Whales are still most densely concentrated on the southern half of the bank.
Whales are still there but in depleted numbers.
Whales are streamlined, almost hairless, entirely aquatic.
Whales are strong powerful swimmers.
Whales are the centerpiece of our culture and tradition.
Whales are the feature attraction of our tours.
Whales are the hippopotamus 's closest living relatives .
Whales are the hippopotamus's closest living relatives.
Whales are the largest and most stable nekton in the ocean.
Whales are the largest animals ever to live and reside in the oceans and coastal areas.
Whales are the largest animals in the ocean , and in Antarctica .
Whales are the largest animals in the ocean, and in Antarctica.
Whales are the largest known animal and they live in the deep blue oceans.
Whales are the largest living creatures on earth, and the the longest living animal on earth.
Whales are the largest things in the world.
Whales are the longest living animal on earth.
Whales are the most biggest animals in the world.
Whales are the most specialized of all mammals.
Whales are the most wonderful creatures on Earth.
Whales are the subject of an interactive video and fact book.
Whales are then a primary consumer.
Whales are thought to sleep around eight hours a day .
Whales are thought to sleep around eight hours a day.
Whales are uniquely special creatures.
Whales are unpredictable critters, but schools of dolphins are usually plentiful.
Whales are usually much larger, whereas porpoises are smaller.
Whales are very good at remembering, and seem to have a great deal to talk about.
Whales are very visible from the roadside turnouts.
Whales are very vulnerable where there are a lot of boats nearby.
Whales are vital to sustaining healthy marine life by regulating the food flow of the ocean.
Whales are warm blooded.
Whales are warm-blooded mammals that spend their time in the sea.
Whales are warm-blooded mammals who spend their entire lives in the open sea.
Whales arrive each year at the oceanfront and even a birth or two have been great events.
Whales attain full size.
Whales attain size.
Whales begin life.
Whales blow the water off their blowholes before taking in a breath.
Whales breathe air.
Whales breathe out of the top of their head from a blowhole.
Whales breathe through blowholes .
Whales breathe through blowholes, which are located on top of their heads.
Whales breathe through blowholes.
Whales breathe through their mouths noses blowholes.
Whales breathe with their lungs.
Whales breed on average in three-year cycles.
Whales can be challenging subjects when it comes to exposure.
Whales can be so plentiful in some other places that sightings are virtually perfect.
Whales can be very sociable.
Whales can be wall mounted or placed on a mirror.
Whales can make a variety of sounds.
Whales carry vital clues that help measure the health of the oceans.
Whales catch krill.
Whales close mouths.
Whales come from mammals.
Whales come here to the Hawaiian Islands all the way from Alaska.
Whales come in pods.
Whales come near shore in late spring and early summer on their way to the Arctic.
Whales come to Hawaii in the winter.
Whales come to the surface regularly to breathe air.
Whales communicate with each other by clicking.
Whales communicate with one another through a wide variety of whistles, squeaks and whines.
Whales communicate with sounds similar to the trumpeting of elephants.
Whales conserve heat.
Whales consume animals.
Whales consume fish.
Whales consume kgs.
Whales consume other animals.
Whales consume prey.
Whales consume small prey.
Whales continuously travel throughout the oceans all of their lives.
Whales create sound.
Whales cry in pain just like any other animal and whales in the vicinity hear that.
Whales depend on hearing the way humans depend on sight.
Whales depend on sound.
Whales depend on underwater sound.
Whales detect sound.
Whales dive routinely to very deep depths.
Whales do as well.
Whales do drink sea water, but they also get water from their food.
Whales do it too.
Whales do the same thing as they swim, showing their ancient terrestrial heritage.
Whales do their tails very nicely-they've had so long to evolve.
Whales drink sea water.
Whales drink water.
Whales eat a huge amount of fish etc., and the balance of the ecosystem is collapsing.
Whales eat certain kinds of squid, which are a reddish-pinkish color.
Whales eat diets.
Whales eat fish and krill.
Whales eat fish.
Whales eat food.
Whales eat krill, fish, squid and seals.
Whales eat krill.
Whales eat organisms.
Whales eat plankton.
Whales eat salmon.
Whales eat seals and other sea mammals to stay alive.
Whales eat small organisms called plankton as food.
Whales eat zooplankton.
Whales either have the transmitter implanted into their body or bolted onto their dorsal fin.
Whales engage in activities.
Whales enjoy life.
Whales enjoy reproductive life.
Whales enter antarctic water.
Whales enter bays.
Whales enter water.
Whales evolve from ancestors.
Whales evolve over years.
Whales exhibit behaviour.
Whales expel air.
Whales feed by gulping in water and forcing it out through the baleen, trapping the tiny plankton.
Whales feed in blue waters teeming with fish.
Whales feed in one of two ways.
Whales feed on animals.
Whales feed on fish.
Whales feed on krill.
Whales feed on phytoplankton.
Whales feed on plankton.
Whales feed on prey that live between the second and seventh levels of the food chain.
Whales feed on small animals.
Whales feed on zooplankton.
Whales feed their young with milk from their mammary glands.
Whales fill an important part in the food chain .
Whales find along coasts.
Whales find in antarctic water.
Whales find in water.
Whales gather food.
Whales get emotional.
Whales get quite large.
Whales graze on microorganisms.
Whales grow to feet.
Whales have (part) brains.
Whales have (part) breasts.
Whales have (part) cell membranes.
Whales have (part) cells.
Whales have (part) chest cavities.
Whales have (part) chests.
Whales have (part) corpi.
Whales have (part) cytoplasm.
Whales have (part) ears.
Whales have (part) faces.
Whales have (part) flippers.
Whales have (part) heads.
Whales have (part) nuclei.
Whales have (part) pedal extremities.
Whales have (part) piluses.
Whales have (part) plasma membranes.
Whales have (part) rib cages.
Whales have (part) sections.
Whales have (part) skulls.
Whales have (part) sterna.
Whales have (part) vacuoles.
Whales have (part) vertebrate feet.
Whales have a far longer life span than most other animals.
Whales have a further major claim to evolutionary fame.
Whales have a global range, to the point that species of whale can be found in every ocean.
Whales have a great deal of blubber because they are bigger.
Whales have a habit of appearing at meal times.
Whales have a larynx, but no cords.
Whales have a number of physical features that they use to perform deep dives.
Whales have a thick layer of fat , or blubber , that can be melted down to make oil .
Whales have a thick layer of fat under their skin called blubber .
Whales have a thick layer of fat under their skin called blubber.
Whales have a thick layer of fat, or blubber, that can be melted down to make oil.
Whales have actions.
Whales have acute hearing, so it was important to approach quietly.
Whales have an elongated head, especially baleen whales , due to the wide overhanging jaw.
Whales have babies.
Whales have baleen plates.
Whales have baleen.
Whales have barnacles.
Whales have bellybuttons, too.
Whales have blow holes.
Whales have blubber.
Whales have bones.
Whales have bony skulls.
Whales have brains.
Whales have breaths.
Whales have continuous distribution.
Whales have diets.
Whales have distribution.
Whales have dorsal fins.
Whales have expectancy.
Whales have eyes.
Whales have features.
Whales have few anatomical features re- maining that are reminiscent of their land life.
Whales have fins.
Whales have flat heads.
Whales have flippers, flukes, and blowholes.
Whales have flippers.
Whales have full stomachs.
Whales have glands.
Whales have global distribution.
Whales have hair around their blow holes.
Whales have hair, although they have a lot less than land mammals, and have almost none as adults.
Whales have hair.
Whales have heads.
Whales have hearts.
Whales have holes.
Whales have horizontal tail fins.
Whales have horizontal tails and show a lot of black.
Whales have huge jaws.
Whales have important roles.
Whales have incredibly sensitive hearing and can hear for miles.
Whales have jaws.
Whales have large baleen.
Whales have larger brains than sharks.
Whales have length.
Whales have life expectancy.
Whales have little teeth.
Whales have lungs and breathe air.
Whales have lungs.
Whales have mammalian brains.
Whales have mammary glands with which they nourish their young.
Whales have massive skulls.
Whales have methods.
Whales have muscles.
Whales have near perfect adaptation to a watery environment.
Whales have needs of certain specific areas.
Whales have no hind limbs and, therefore, no hip or leg bones.
Whales have only two enemies-man and the killer whale.
Whales have pelves.
Whales have penises.
Whales have plates.
Whales have poor vision.
Whales have powerful jaws.
Whales have real bones.
Whales have riders, too.
Whales have roles.
Whales have senses.
Whales have shape flippers.
Whales have skin.
Whales have skulls.
Whales have small eyes, designed to withstand great pressures, and most species have good vision.
Whales have smooth, rubbery skin that slips easily through the water.
Whales have some basic shape but they differ in many ways.
Whales have songs.
Whales have special mouth parts for obtaining food.
Whales have spindle cells in greater numbers and are maintained for twice as long as humans.
Whales have stomachs.
Whales have tail flippers.
Whales have the biggest bones on the planet.
Whales have the general bow shape of a fish, though in some whales the head is greatly enlarged.
Whales have the largest hearts on the planet.
Whales have thick layers of blubber or fat that help the animal float and stay warm.
Whales have to come to the surface to breathe.
Whales have traces of hind legs and hips.
Whales have truly large body sizes.
Whales have upper jaws.
Whales have very efficient lungs.
Whales have vestigial pelves.
Whales have vision.
Whales have white skin.
Whales have years.
Whales hear from little holes behind their eyes.
Whales hunt fish.
Whales hunt for food.
Whales hunt for prey.
Whales hunt prey.
Whales hunt small fish.
Whales ingest food.
Whales inhabit arctic regions.
Whales inhabit inshore water.
Whales inhabit north pacific water.
Whales inhabit oceans.
Whales inhabit regions.
Whales inhabit water.
Whales inhale water.
Whales just hold their breath like any other mammals and they can it do for up to several minutes.
Whales just love it.
Whales keep warm in the icy ocean water because of the fat under their skin called blubber.
Whales lack dorsal fins.
Whales lack fins.
Whales lie undisturbed.
Whales like to feed in the cold oceans where there is an abundance of their favorite food.
Whales live and travel in families called pods.
Whales live for over years.
Whales live for years.
Whales live in a dark and murky world.
Whales live in antarctic regions.
Whales live in areas.
Whales live in communities.
Whales live in families called pods.
Whales live in family groups called pods.
Whales live in family groups, aid each other in distress, and talk to each other.
Whales live in family groups.
Whales live in freshwater habitats.
Whales live in habitats.
Whales live in ocean.
Whales live in oceans.
Whales live in regions.
Whales live in salt water.
Whales live in sea.
Whales live in temperature.
Whales live in the ocean and the fartherest south that the ocean goes is around Ross Island.
Whales live in the ocean.
Whales live in the pretty ocean.
Whales live in the sea.
Whales live in the water most of their lives some of their lives all of their lives.
Whales live in tropical water.
Whales live in water for their whole lives.
Whales live in water temperature.
Whales live in water.
Whales live in worlds.
Whales live only in water, and tend to stay where it is warmer.
Whales live out life.
Whales live over years.
Whales living in shallower waters, like the humpback whale, make sounds that are more melodic.
Whales look like big fish but they are mammals like horses and cats.
Whales maintain body temperature.
Whales maintain energy.
Whales maintain temperature.
Whales make a tremendous sound as they let their air out.
Whales make exciting headlines.
Whales make sound.
Whales mate in springs.
Whales measure feet.
Whales migrate further than any other animal.
Whales migrate to polar regions.
Whales migrate to regions.
Whales move around a lot, particularly the large ones.
Whales move their tails up and down.
Whales move their tails, or flukes, up and down.
Whales move through the ocean by an up and down motion of their tails.
Whales move through water.
Whales need sea water.
Whales need water.
Whales never clean out their ears.
Whales occur in all the worlds' oceans.
Whales occur in oceans.
Whales offer a host of opportunities for the adventurous diver.
Whales only have one baby at a time and the baby is born tail first and is fully developed.
Whales open mouths.
Whales pass by during their bi-annual migration.
Whales pass through stages.
Whales perform four activities while swimming.
Whales play important roles.
Whales play in the river, which, by now, is part of the salt-water ocean.
Whales play in the waters and lighthouses mark the jetties.
Whales play roles.
Whales play vital roles.
Whales possess organs.
Whales possess pelves.
Whales possess teeth.
Whales possess vestigial pelves.
Whales prefer ocean water.
Whales prefer water.
Whales prey on bottlenose dolphins.
Whales prey on dolphins.
Whales prey on fish.
Whales prey on krill.
Whales primarily communicate by sound and touch, by also do some visually, and perhaps by taste.
Whales produce bubble nets to aid in herding prey.
Whales produce sound.
Whales produce two basic types of underwater sounds that presumably serve two different purposes.
Whales pursue prey.
Whales range in ages.
Whales reach their adult size later than they become able to reproduce.
Whales receive blood.
Whales receive nutrient rich blood.
Whales receive rich blood.
Whales receive sound.
Whales regularly migrate up our east coast and dolphins are a common sight off many of our beaches.
Whales rely on sound.
Whales rely on temperature.
Whales rely on underwater sound.
Whales reproduce by going through a courtship phase and mating.
Whales reproduce in the same manner that humans do, by a female egg being fertilized by male sperm.
Whales reproduce more slowly than humans.
Whales resemble fish outwardly, but resemble mammals internally.
Whales reside in areas.
Whales retain color.
Whales retain yellowish color.
Whales rise in three stages.
Whales roam oceans.
Whales see quite well both above water and below.
Whales seek prey.
Whales seem at once mysterious and unknowable.
Whales seem to be feeding on abundant zooplankton in the waters here.
Whales seem to have lost their sense of smell, since they spend little time in the air.
Whales seem to touch the human spirit like nothing else.
Whales share characteristics.
Whales shed flakes of dead skin, especially when they leap and dive.
Whales show off.
Whales sing long to sonar.
Whales sing songs as their communication link between each other.
Whales sleep approximately eight hours per day.
Whales speak to other whales in a language that appears to include abstruse mathematical poetry.
Whales spend their summers frolicking here.
Whales stalk prey.
Whales stay under water.
Whales suffer from illegal whaling, entanglement in fishing nets and death from pollution.
Whales survive months.
Whales swallow animals.
Whales swallow prey.
Whales swallow tiny float animals.
Whales swim by in some seasons.
Whales swim by moving their tail flukes up and down.
Whales swim by moving their tails up and down side to side round and round.
Whales swim in oceans.
Whales swim in the channels and seals lie on the rocks.
Whales swim in the waters around the island.
Whales swim into a school of krill or small fish with their mouths open.
Whales swim through deep water.
Whales swim through water.
Whales take longer than that.
Whales talk to each other by making high pitched sounds like whistles, clicks, squeaks, and groans.
Whales tend to excrete more frequently than land animals.
Whales tend to feed around the ice edge.
Whales then eat a ton of it per day.
Whales then use their tongues to loosen the amphipods from the baleen, and swallow.
Whales travel hundreds of miles a year and they get their food and other things by themselves.
Whales travel long distances each day.
Whales travel up to kilometres.
Whales turn up to see people.
Whales use baleen to filter small food organisms from the water.
Whales use echolocation mainly for navigation and hunting.
Whales use flippers.
Whales use flukes.
Whales use frequency sound.
Whales use low frequency sound.
Whales use mouths.
Whales use noise.
Whales use sound for communication and echolocation.
Whales use sound to communicate and echolocate.
Whales use sound to communicate with one another.
Whales use sound to see in the dark.
Whales use sound.
Whales use tail flukes.
Whales use the outward movement of the ribs to fill their lungs with air.
Whales use the sound channel to communicate over vast distances.
Whales use their ears to get around in the dark depths.
Whales use their excellent hearing.
Whales use their flukes to propel themselves through the water.
Whales use their flukes to swim, and have lots of muscles around tehm, so they are very strong.
Whales use underwater sound.
Whales vary in color.
Whales vary in shapes.
Whales visit the bay on their annual migration during winter and spring.
Whales visit the warm waters of the Caribbean during the winter months to mate and have babies.
Whales wash up on coasts.
Whales wash up on south coasts.
Whales watching is thus a very popular activity in the region.
Whales weigh as metric tons.
Whales weigh as tons.
Whales weigh metric tons.
Whales weigh over tons.
Whales weigh tonnes.
Whales weigh tons.
Whales always go to the same place to breed.
Whales often become entangled in fishing gear.
Whales often come very close to shore.
Whales often dive in search for food.
Whales often frolic in the area on the way to the Hot Springs.
Whales usually take about one to two breaths per minute while traveling at the surface.
All whales are gray.
All Whales are highly active animals.
All whales are mammals and have lungs.
All whales are mammals, and they are more closely related to cows than to fish.
All whales are mammals.
All whales are nonhumans.
All whales are subject to colds.
All whales are very noisy.
All whales belong wo two main cetacean groups.
All whales can swim.
All whales face a wide range of new and increasing threats.
All whales have unique patterns of thickened skin patches, called callosities, on their heads.
All whales make sounds.
All whales probably produce sounds.
All whales shelter in the ocean for various reasons.
All whales use sound as a very important part of their daily lives.
Every whale costs a different amount due to how many are left or how much they are worth.
Every whale has a unique pattern, much like fingerprints in humans.
Every whale has to come up to the surface to breathe air.
Many whales also have distinctive scars from encounters with boats.
Many whales are endangered, largely due to past hunting.
Many whales are here as well.
Many whales die prematurely from human causes and rescue can be some compensation.
Many whales migrate to tropical waters for breeding and birthing their babies.
Many whales migrate yearly from cold feeding waters to warm breeding waters.
Many whales return year after year to the same spot.
Many whales stick their heads out of water and appear to be taking a look around.
Most whales adapt to life.
Most whales are descended from land mammals.
Most whales are descended from mammals.
Most whales are descended from terrestrial mammals.
Most whales are excellent divers.
Most whales are highly social.
Most whales are social animals, although a few species live in pairs or are solitary.
Most whales are specialists.
Most whales attain full size.
Most whales begin life.
Most whales can hold their breath for prolonged periods of time.
Most whales can ingest vast quantities of food through mouths that match their enormous size.
Most whales come from mammals.
Most whales conserve heat.
Most whales consume fish.
Most whales consume other animals.
Most whales consume prey.
Most whales consume small prey.
Most whales create sound.
Most whales depend on sound.
Most whales depend on underwater sound.
Most whales detect sound.
Most whales do.
Most whales drink sea water.
Most whales drink water.
Most whales eat diets.
Most whales eat fish.
Most whales eat food.
Most whales eat krill.
Most whales eat organisms.
Most whales eat plankton.
Most whales eat salmon.
Most whales eat zooplankton.
Most whales enjoy life.
Most whales enjoy reproductive life.
Most whales enter antarctic water.
Most whales enter bays.
Most whales enter water.
Most whales evolve over years.
Most whales feed on animals.
Most whales feed on fish.
Most whales feed on zooplankton.
Most whales find along coasts.
Most whales find in antarctic water.
Most whales find in water.
Most whales gather food.
Most whales grow to feet.
Most whales have actions.
Most whales have babies.
Most whales have baleen plates.
Most whales have barnacles.
Most whales have blubber.
Most whales have bony skulls.
Most whales have brains.
Most whales have breaths.
Most whales have continuous distribution.
Most whales have diets.
Most whales have distribution.
Most whales have expectancy.
Most whales have eyes.
Most whales have features.
Most whales have fins.
Most whales have flat heads.
Most whales have flippers.
Most whales have full stomachs.
Most whales have glands.
Most whales have global distribution.
Most whales have heads.
Most whales have hearts.
Most whales have holes.
Most whales have huge jaws.
Most whales have important roles.
Most whales have jaws.
Most whales have large baleen.
Most whales have length.
Most whales have life expectancy.
Most whales have mammalian brains.
Most whales have massive skulls.
Most whales have methods.
Most whales have muscles.
Most whales have penises.
Most whales have plates.
Most whales have powerful jaws.
Most whales have roles.
Most whales have senses.
Most whales have shape flippers.
Most whales have skin.
Most whales have songs.
Most whales have tail flippers.
Most whales have upper jaws.
Most whales have vestigial pelves.
Most whales have vision.
Most whales have white skin.
Most whales have years.
Most whales inhabit arctic regions.
Most whales inhabit inshore water.
Most whales inhabit north pacific water.
Most whales inhabit oceans.
Most whales lack dorsal fins.
Most whales live for over years.
Most whales live in antarctic regions.
Most whales live in areas.
Most whales live in communities.
Most whales live in freshwater habitats.
Most whales live in habitats.
Most whales live in oceans.
Most whales live in regions.
Most whales live in sea.
Most whales live in temperature.
Most whales live in tropical water.
Most whales live in water temperature.
Most whales live in water.
Most whales live in worlds.
Most whales live out life.
Most whales live over years.
Most whales maintain body temperature.
Most whales maintain energy.
Most whales maintain temperature.
Most whales make sound.
Most whales migrate to polar regions.
Most whales move through water.
Most whales move throughout their lifetimes.
Most whales nurse their young ones for about six-seven months.
Most whales occur in oceans.
Most whales pass through stages.
Most whales play important roles.
Most whales play roles.
Most whales play vital roles.
Most whales possess organs.
Most whales possess pelves.
Most whales possess teeth.
Most whales possess vestigial pelves.
Most whales prefer ocean water.
Most whales prefer water.
Most whales produce sound.
Most whales pursue prey.
Most whales range in ages.
Most whales receive blood.
Most whales receive nutrient rich blood.
Most whales receive rich blood.
Most whales receive sound.
Most whales rely on sound.
Most whales rely on temperature.
Most whales rely on underwater sound.
Most whales reside in areas.
Most whales retain color.
Most whales retain yellowish color.
Most whales seek prey.
Most whales stay under water.
Most whales survive months.
Most whales swim in oceans.
Most whales swim through deep water.
Most whales swim through water.
Most whales take a few breaths, arch their backs, raise their flukes and dive deeper into the water.
Most whales travel up to kilometres.
Most whales use flippers.
Most whales use flukes.
Most whales use frequency sound.
Most whales use low frequency sound.
Most whales use mouths.
Most whales use noise.
Most whales use sound.
Most whales use tail flukes.
Most whales use their tongue to get the food that is trapped in their baleen.
Most whales use underwater sound.
Most whales vary in color.
Most whales vary in shapes.
Most whales wash up on coasts.
Most whales wash up on south coasts.
Most whales weigh as tons.
Most whales weigh metric tons.
Most whales weigh over tons.
Most whales weigh tonnes.
Most whales weigh tons.
Some whales affect outcomes.
Some whales are classified as lists.
Some whales are eaten by whales.
Some whales are fed by bottom sediments.
Some whales are fed by sediments.
Some whales are huge.
Some whales are naturally curious.
Some whales are omnivores.
Some whales are the biggest animals on earth.
Some whales belong to families.
Some whales can also swim with their mouths open, straining out food continuously.
Some whales can have impact.
Some whales can have strong impact.
Some whales can hunt sharks, too.
Some whales can jump out of the water and dive back in again.
Some whales can remain submerged for up to two hours.
Some whales carry children.
Some whales consume other mammals.
Some whales consume other sea mammals.
Some whales consume plankton.
Some whales consume sea mammals.
Some whales descend from insectivores.
Some whales die from bacterial infection.
Some whales die from gastrointestinal problems.
Some whales die from infection.
Some whales die from problems.
Some whales do have teeth.
Some whales eat antarctic whales.
Some whales eat blue whales.
Some whales eat fish and some species of whales are equipped to eat plankton in great quantities.
Some whales eat krill .
Some whales eat krill and plankton which are tiny, shrimp-like animals.
Some whales eat large sharks.
Some whales eat mammals, squid, krill, and so forth.
Some whales eat mammals.
Some whales eat marine mammals.
Some whales eat monsters.
Some whales eat octopi.
Some whales eat otters.
Some whales eat plankton such as copepods or krill, while others eat small fish or squid.
Some whales eat sea otters.
Some whales eat seals.
Some whales eat sharks.
Some whales eat squids.
Some whales eat whales.
Some whales enter gulfs.
Some whales enter mouths.
Some whales enter river mouths.
Some whales escape from sharks.
Some whales even spend the summer in Oregon and can be seen year 'round.
Some whales feed during springs.
Some whales feed in summer.
Some whales feed on algas.
Some whales feed on birds.
Some whales feed on fish squids.
Some whales feed on kinds.
Some whales feed on milk.
Some whales feed on narwhals.
Some whales feed on sea birds.
Some whales feed on shrimp.
Some whales feed on squids.
Some whales float at the surface for a while after they die.
Some whales follow current.
Some whales follow warm water current.
Some whales form strong bonds.
Some whales generate flukes.
Some whales go into states.
Some whales go through periods.
Some whales have a very powerful tail slap.
Some whales have ability.
Some whales have blubber layers.
Some whales have bridges.
Some whales have calves.
Some whales have combs.
Some whales have depressions.
Some whales have enemies.
Some whales have fingers.
Some whales have foam.
Some whales have grooves.
Some whales have injuries.
Some whales have layers.
Some whales have limbs.
Some whales have long periods.
Some whales have mouths.
Some whales have mutation.
Some whales have natural predators.
Some whales have nerves.
Some whales have numbers.
Some whales have olfactory nerves.
Some whales have patterns.
Some whales have periods.
Some whales have plastic.
Some whales have predators.
Some whales have problems.
Some whales have roofs.
Some whales have scars.
Some whales have short flippers and others have long ones.
Some Whales have six times as much gray matter as Humans do.
Some whales have smooth backs while others have knobs and ridges down the middle of their backs.
Some whales have snouts.
Some whales have spiral valves.
Some whales have teeth, others have baleen that filters small animals out of the water.
Some whales have teeth.
Some whales have thick blubber layers.
Some whales have thick layers.
Some whales have throat grooves.
Some whales have tiny limbs.
Some whales have valves.
Some whales have very sharp teeth and powerful jaws such as the killer whale.
Some whales have vestigial hind limbs.
Some whales have vestigial limbs.
Some whales have voices.
Some whales have whales.
Some whales hold breaths.
Some whales interact with trainers.
Some whales kill calves.
Some whales kill individuals.
Some whales kill penguins.
Some whales kill sharks.
Some whales kill trainers.
Some whales lack teeth.
Some whales leave water.
Some whales live for over centuries.
Some whales live in attraction.
Some whales live in gulfs.
Some whales live in hemispheres.
Some whales live in wild arctic attraction.
Some whales look like flippers.
Some whales make very loud low sounds.
Some whales meet death.
Some whales migrate to locations.
Some whales migrate to water.
Some whales migrate, or swim all over the world, while others remain year-round in the same place.
Some whales occur in habitats.
Some whales poke their head up out of the water and turn around.
Some whales pose danger.
Some whales possess barnacles.
Some whales possess ears.
Some whales prey on sharks.
Some whales rely on ice.
Some whales rely on sea ice.
Some whales rely on solo hunting while others rely on the co-ordination of group hunting.
Some whales share common ancestors.
Some whales show glees.
Some whales show similarity.
Some whales stay calves.
Some whales strand on beaches.
Some whales suffer fate.
Some whales suffer for several minutes, even up to one hour, before dying.
Some whales suffer from fungal infection.
Some whales suffer from infection.
Some whales suffer same fate.
Some whales use echolocation.
Some whales use noses.
Some whales use shape noses.
Some whales wait for prey.
Some whales wash up on shores.
Some whales watch fish.
Some whales weigh pounds.
Whalebone is ac- tually modified skin, including the hair which makes up the strainer.
Whaledesk principals are active members of our mailing list.
A whaler is a ship
Whalers are mariners.
Whalers are ships.
Whalers form a surprisingly small and tight knit community.
Whalers give the mothers and calves the day off.
Whalers sell whales to fish wholesalers.
Whalers take day off due to drizzle.
Whalers take day off due to waves, weather.
Whalers take day off.
Some whalers also run farms and carry out trade in flax, potatoes, timber and fish.
Whales tails have distinct markings like fingerprints that help to identify specific individuals.
Whaling practices are also cruel and inhumane.
Whalings are human activities.
Whalings are hunting.
Whammy bar is too far away from the body.
Whammy bars bring a whole new set of tuning problems into the picture.
Whangarei events guide.
A wharf is a platform
Wharf appears by default on the right edge of the screen.
Wharf is a very large piece of code that has been around for a long time.
Wharf is only the second best spot for the air show.
Wharf says it had already made provisions for the penalty.
Wharfs are open air.
Wharfs are piers.
WHat does SDAC stand for.
Whatcom county is the one areas with especially strong demand.
Whatsoever thing be given, there is something stronger whereby it can be destroyed.
Whatsoever things are honorable.
Whatsoever things are lovely .
Whatsoever things are pure .
Whatsoever things are pure.
Whatsoever things are true.
Whatsoever things belong to operation or working, are in a Body.
Whatsover things are pure.
A wheal is an injury
Wheals are common allergic reactions to drugs, insect bites, or something that touched the skin.
Wheals can develop anywhere on the body, mostly in the sun exposed skin.
Wheals form larger areas of redness.
Wheals form on rewarming.
Wheals tend to be smaller, with only a few appearing at any given time.
Wheat allergies are usually a reaction to the gluten found in the wheat berry.
Wheat allergy is rare.
Some wheat allergies allow the use of rye bread as a substitute.
A wheat beer is ale
Wheat beer has a limited fan base, but it s a style that s growing in popularity.
Wheat beer is a good change of pace from the more popular styles.
Wheat beer is a type of ale, because it s brewed using top- fermenting yeast.
Wheat beer is brewed with a mixture of wheat malt and barley malt.
Wheat beer is made with wheat.
Wheat beers are beers.
Wheat beers are different in Belgium.
Wheat beers are very popular throughout Germany although there are local differences in the style.
Wheat beers are wheat.
Wheat beers can be a wonderful match for shellfish.
All wheat beers are top-fermented and many are bottle conditioned.
A wheat berry is a caryopsis
Wheat berries are a natural heat retainer prolonging the heat therapy.
Wheat berries are grain.
Wheat berries are part of wheat.
Wheat berries are plant materials.
Wheat berries are the whole berries of the wheat.
Wheat berries is considered the chief dish of ancient Egypt and Palestine.
Wheat berry is a crunchy grain that can be served either hot as a side dish, or cold as a cereal.
Wheat berry is a crunchy grain which can be served either hot as a side dish or cold as a cereal.
Most wheat berries are part of wheat.
Wheat bran has a higher concentration of fiber than most other brans.
Wheat bran is a good source of phosphorus and functions as a laxative.
Wheat bran is a valuable source of many B-vitamins including folic acid.
Wheat bran is also high in phytates.
Wheat bran is an example of insoluble fiber.
Wheat bran is an excellent source.
Wheat bran is an insoluble fiber.
Wheat bran is low in nutritional value but high in fiber.
Wheat bran is sold separately and is used to add flavor and fiber to baked goods.
Wheat bran is the only fiber-rich food that appears to reduce calcium absorption.
Wheat bran is the thin, fiber-rich outer layer of the wheat kernel.
Wheat bran is very bulky and high in protein, high in phosphorus, and also low in calcium.
Wheat bran is wheat.
Wheat bran reduces the risk of hemorrhoids because it is rich in insoluble fiber.
Wheat bran ties up estrogen in the intestinal tract, causing much to be excreted.
Some wheat bran is added to the fruit as a substitute for hard parts of insects in the natural diet.
Wheat bread has more fiber than white bread.
Wheat bread has more fiber.
Wheat bread is a better carb.
Wheat bread is better than white.
Wheat bread is bread.
Wheat bread is excellent as it is slowly absorbed.
Wheat bread is similar in fiber content to white bread.
Wheat bread replaces white bread and fruit is given instead of dessert.
Most wheat bread is nothing more than processed flour or white bread, colored brown.
Some wheat bread has indexes.
Wheat disease continues to rumble across the state.
Wheat disease is at extremely low levels in production fields across Kansas.
Wheat disease remains well below normal with little threat of any foliar epidemics.
Wheat diseases can be a major factor in the reduction of wheat yields in Hill County.
A wheat field is a field
Wheat field is a symbol of creation and peace.
Wheat fields are favorite nesting sites for wild pheasant hens.
Wheat fields continue to be irrigated.
Wheat fields continue to look variable, with earliest fields tillering and beginning to elongate.
Wheat fields dominate to the south.
Wheat fields occupy more of the earth's surface than do fields of any other food crop.
Wheat fields stretch to a ridgetop behind the inn.
Many wheat fields are in marginal condition due to thin stands and possible viral problems.
Wheat flour contains gluten.
Wheat flour is a good source of complex carbohydrates and a moderate source of protein.
Wheat flour is a known allergen.
Wheat flour is added to the filling to absorbs excess moisture.
Wheat flour is comprised of starchy grain covered in proteins.
Wheat flour is flour made from ground wheat kernels of the wheat plant.
Wheat flour is flour
Wheat flour is flour.
Wheat flour is made there, and there is also a small bakery where white bread and rolls are made.
Wheat flour is replaced by rice as the staple.
Wheat flour is the key ingredient in most breads.
Wheat flour is unique and most used in baking.
Wheat flour is wheat berries.
Wheat flour is wheat.
Wheat flour provides nutrients.
Most wheat flour provides nutrients.
Wheat germ adds some fiber.
Wheat germ comes from wheat seeds.
Wheat germ contains many nutrients while wheat bran consists of fiber.
Wheat germ has a nutty flavor and is a concentrated source of oil, vitamins, minerals and protein.
Wheat germ imparts a nutty flavor.
Wheat germ is a commercial source of both E s and B s.
Wheat germ is also a good source of dietary fibre.
Wheat germ is considered to be an excellent supplement for hair loss.
Wheat germ is extremely rich in magnesium, so take a lot of it.
Wheat germ is food
Wheat germ is good for more than just breakfast.
Wheat germ is high in both.
Wheat germ is in.
Wheat germ is part of wheat.
Wheat germ is sold in grocery stores and food markets.
Wheat germ is sold in raw and toasted forms.
Wheat germ is sold raw or lightly toasted.
Wheat germ is the heart of the wheat kernel.
Wheat germ is wheat berries.
Wheat germ is wheat.
Some wheat germ contains fiber.
A wheat gluten is a gluten
Wheat gluten is a protein-rich ingredient used in baking.
Wheat gluten is another one which frequently causes some itching.
Wheat gluten is available as a prepared product, which is usually frozen.
Wheat gluten is particularly prone to stickiness in the gut.
Wheat gluten is the concentrated form of the protein contained in wheat flour.
Wheat grass comes in a variety of forms, including raw, powder, extract and tablets.
Wheat grass helps the body resist harm from x-rays, radiation therapy and air pollution.
Wheat grass is a body cleanser, rebuilder, and a neutralizer of toxin.
Wheat grass is a dark green leafy vegetable, more nutritious per gram than spinach.
Wheat grass is a powerhouse of nutrients and vitamins for the human body, as well.
Wheat grass is an effective remedy for all the complaints of teeth and gums .
Wheat grass is beneficial to fertility for the number of positive effects it has on the body.
Wheat grass is located in refrigerators.
Wheat grass is what it starts out as before it goes to seed.
Wheat grass is, as the name suggests, the young grass stage of the wheat plant.
Wheat grass sprouts in a small planter on the kitchen table.
Wheat middlings are a byproduct of processing wheat for flour.
Wheat middlings are a by-product of wheat flour production.
Wheat middlings are moderate in protein and energy.
Wheat midge are at threatening levels.
Wheat midges have stages.
Wheat midges infest wheat.
Most wheat midges have stages.
Wheat paste is the glue of choice, but it's strong.
Wheat plant is a typical producer.
Wheat plants become very sensitive to salt when they flower.
Wheat plants can grow their roots long enough to reach the water stored there.
Wheat plants can withstand mild infections with only minimal yield loss.
Wheat plants consist of stems.
Wheat plants die or become stunted with sterile heads.
Wheat plants grow from seeds.
Wheat plants grow larger when exposed to high levels of carbon dioxide.
Wheat plants have leaves.
Wheat plants produce leaves.
Wheat Plants use different tactics to scare off attackers.
Most wheat plants consist of stems.
Most wheat plants grow from seeds.
Most wheat plants have leaves.
Most wheat plants produce leaves.
Some wheat plants grow for time.
Some wheat plants have ability.
Wheat protein combines with liquid to form gluten, which provides the structure for baked products.
Wheat protein improves body and shine while imparting conditioned feel to the hair.
Wheat protein is substituted for read meat in several dishes and browned on a grill.
Wheat proteins are found in many foods, and some are more obvious than others.
Some wheat proteins cause reaction.
Some wheat rust affects crops.
Some wheat rust affects important crops.
Wheat sprouts contain a great variety of vitamins, minerals and trace elements.
Wheat starch has two components, amylose and amylopectin.
Wheat starch is a popular food thickener.
Wheat starch is a well-known food ingredient and has industrial applications.
Wheat starch is composed of molecules known as amylose and amylopectin.
Wheat starch is very forgiving of error and is easy on substrates.
Wheat starchs are wheat.
Wheat straw has lower feed values.
Wheat straw has lower values.
Wheat straw has values.
Wheat weevils are a pest of wheat, oats, rye, barley, rice and corn.
Wheat absorbs a wider range of minerals from rich soil than other grains.
Wheat Adds warmth, sunlight.
Wheat also adds flexibility to diversified farming operations.
Wheat also contains genomes from two other species, A and B, so it is an allohexaploid.
Wheat also creates many jobs, from farmers to flour millers to bakers.
Wheat also offers various opportunities for harvesting the following year.
Wheat also provides income earlier in the year than other crops and spreads out labor requirements.
Wheat also provides nesting cover, and alfalfa offers brood cover.
Wheat also tends to be a poor host.
Wheat analyzes the three allegories in detail.
Wheat annually adds several million dollars to the economy.
Wheat appears to be in good condition.
Wheat based, the beer is cloudy and yellow.
Wheat becomes a major crop in Minnesota.
Wheat blows in the wind.
Wheat can be very troublesome for a small percentage of the population.
Wheat can cross with weeds.
Wheat can tolerate considerable defoliation.
Wheat coming into elevators is generally much cleaner than it was just two years ago.
Wheat commonly has three to six individual seminal roots.
Wheat consider off that scene while jam bodum french press.
Wheat consumes a significant amount of anhydrous ammonia.
Wheat contains a protein called gluten.
Wheat contains all of the potential nutrient values needed in the human body.
Wheat contains components.
Wheat contains gluten, to which some people are highly allergic to.
Wheat contains more gluten than other cereals, making it an excellent choice for breadmaking.
Wheat contains proteins.
Wheat contains zearalenone and enterolactones.
Wheat continues to decline.
Wheat continues to gain strength in the futures market at the expense of crop quality.
Wheat costs five times as much as it did a year ago.
Wheat curl mite and wheat streak mosaic virus survey in Montana grass species.
Wheat declare against none illness otherwise determine racquetball racquets.
Wheat differs from barley in that it has no husk, which has several important consequences.
Wheat differs from barley in that it has no husk, which has severalimportant consequences.
Wheat does have an oil in it.
Wheat falling number and flour amylograph peak viscosity values are similar to last year.
Wheat ferments very rapidly which can easily create digestive problems and high death rates.
Wheat gives more satisfaction as flour, or bread and pasta.
Wheat goes through phases.
Wheat goes through several phases.
Wheat growing conditions in India are slightly less favorable than last season.
Wheat grows best in the cooler parts of Africa.
Wheat grows best on medium to heavy textured, well-drained fertile soils.
Wheat grows in a variety of climates and soils, but thrives best in temperate zones.
Wheat grows in adjacent plots.
Wheat grows in fields.
Wheat grows in places with a dry, mild climate.
Wheat grows in plots.
Wheat grows very quickly.
Wheat has (part) cell membranes.
Wheat has (part) cells.
Wheat has (part) corpi.
Wheat has (part) cytoplasm.
Wheat has (part) kernels.
Wheat has (part) nuclei.
Wheat has (part) plasma membranes.
Wheat has (part) sections.
Wheat has (part) vacuoles.
Wheat has (part) vegetables.
Wheat has (part) wheat berries.
Wheat has a hard shell on the outside.
Wheat has a limited storage life and proper storage costs money.
Wheat has a narrow stem with the grain pointing up.
Wheat has a primary system and later it develops a fibrous root system.
Wheat has a strong impact on the Nation's well-being.
Wheat has been harvested here, sheep grazing follows.
Wheat has fields.
Wheat has five times more than corn.
Wheat has good color and density.
Wheat has growth.
Wheat has lots of disease problems.
Wheat has much zinc in it .
Wheat has much zinc in it.
Wheat has own taste.
Wheat has pleasant taste.
Wheat has taste.
Wheat has the highest gluten content of any of the grains.
Wheat has three waxy proteins that affect the amount of amylose present in the starch.
Wheat has to be imported from America.
Wheat has two distinct growing seasons.
Wheat imparts a distinctive flavor as well as a rocky, white head to beer.
Wheat imported from Egypt occasionally shows up in Kenyan ports.
Wheat includes all types, including spring and winter wheat.
Wheat is a big part of that economy.
Wheat is a cash grain crop as well as forage.
Wheat is a common allergen already with our without anything introduced naturally or by man.
Wheat is a common allergent.
Wheat is a dependable crop because it grows mostly in the spring when moisture usually is adequate.
Wheat is a dry climate crop.
Wheat is a good host for both nematodes although there are differences between varieties.
Wheat is a grass whose seed belongs to the cereal grains group.
Wheat is a grass.
Wheat is a grass-type plant.
Wheat is a homogeneous good.
Wheat is a major export.
Wheat is a major global food crop.
Wheat is a money crop, is hardy, and requires relatively little care.
Wheat is a monocot flowering plant .
Wheat is a perishable commodity.
Wheat is a popular alternative to rye.
Wheat is a pretty crop at any stage but especially at the time of harvest.
Wheat is a resilient crop.
Wheat is a seed.
Wheat is a self-pollinated crop.
Wheat is a staple for most of the population.
Wheat is a substitute for corn in feed markets when corn prices get out of line with wheat prices.
Wheat is a tiny egg shaped seed.
Wheat is a traditional sign of fertility and blessing in North European cultures.
Wheat is a typical example.
Wheat is a universal symbol of fertility and harvest.
Wheat is a very complex plant compared to corn.
Wheat is a very important crop for Kansas farmers.
Wheat is a wholesome grain which ripens by absorbing light, it is good food.
Wheat is a widely adapted crop.
Wheat is about ready for harvest in southeast Iowa.
Wheat is actually a very versatile food.
Wheat is allopolyploid.
Wheat is also a cash crop that has relatively few natural insect enemies.
Wheat is also in balance for now.
Wheat is also less likely than spring grain to lodge.
Wheat is also the main staple of Pakistani diet, whereas rice is also popular.
Wheat is also the most widely distributed cereal grain.
Wheat is an environmental trigger, which if avoided, can provide symptomatic relief.
Wheat is an example of a soft commodity .
Wheat is an example of a soft commodity.
Wheat is an extremely hardy crop and can still respond to modest rain in the next several weeks.
Wheat is an extremely versatile crop.
Wheat is an ideal breadmaking cereal as it has a high gluten content.
Wheat is an important crop in New York state.
Wheat is an important crop of Irish farmers.
Wheat is an important local crop and the mainstay of baking.
Wheat is an important summer food for doves.
Wheat is an old combination of three different species of grass.
Wheat is another alternative crop that many farmers here are attempting to rotate with peanuts.
Wheat is Asia's second most important staple and has been growing much faster than rice.
Wheat is at first node to just before flag leaf emerging.
Wheat is Australia's most important crop, in total area and value of production.
Wheat is available in both spring and winter varieties.
Wheat is behind in development.
Wheat is beneficial as it takes time to chew wheat chappatis.
Wheat is brilliant gold .
Wheat is brilliant gold.
Wheat is by far Canada's largest export to the Philippines.
Wheat is cereal grass
Wheat is cereals.
Wheat is Colorado's leading cash crop.
Wheat is colour.
Wheat is common all over the country except in the Black Sea Region.
Wheat is consumed mainly as bread and pastries.
Wheat is credited with more protein and energy than milo.
Wheat is dependent, apparently, on the attributes on the soil and the weather.
Wheat is domesticated in Mesopotamia.
Wheat is easy to store.
Wheat is equal to corn in energy and contains more protein and lysine than corn.
Wheat is equal to corn in net energy value.
Wheat is especially dangerous because it causes colic by impacting in the gastrointestinal tract.
Wheat is especially prone to cause allergies.
Wheat is especially sensitive to excess salts during germination.
Wheat is fair to good.
Wheat is fair to poor.
Wheat is for humans, as are all wholesome grains in their natural state.
Wheat is generally more tolerant than lupins, especially on sandy soils.
Wheat is golden but the tares show their true colour as they ripen.
Wheat is good to excellent.
Wheat is good.
Wheat is graded and inspected differently than other grains.
Wheat is grain.
Wheat is grass.
Wheat is ground and made into flour for baking foods.
Wheat is grown all over the world, especially in temperate regions.
Wheat is grown from Florida to the Canadian border, in the arid Arizona and on coastal plains.
Wheat is grown from seeds , which can be collected by destroying tall grass .
Wheat is grown in the northern piedmont and citrus fruits, cotton, and tea in the warmer valleys.
Wheat is grown in winter with partial irrigation.
Wheat is grown mainly in north India along with other cereals.
Wheat is grown pure as well as mixed with crops like barley and gram.
Wheat is grown to feed both human and animal populations .
Wheat is grown, but still has to be imported.
Wheat is headed and generally looks good.
Wheat is heading, remains in excellent condition.
Wheat is high in energy, but low in protein and tends to make birds fat.
Wheat is higher in protein than other common feed grains such as corn, barley, or oats.
Wheat is highly responsive to storage, also most variable in response.
Wheat is important in the northern parts.
Wheat is in a huge number of packaged foods.
Wheat is in fair condition and has benefitted from recent moisture.
Wheat is in fair condition.
Wheat is in fair to good condition.
Wheat is in poor to fair condition but is responding well to rainfall.
Wheat is inexpensive.
Wheat is into grain fill, with spring cereals heading and beginning pollination.
Wheat is king as people gleefully embrace the gospels of bounty and progress.
Wheat is land intensive relative to textiles.
Wheat is largely self pollinating.
Wheat is likely to produce arthritic joint pains.
Wheat is located in bread.
Wheat is located in cereals.
Wheat is located in countrysides.
Wheat is located in fields.
Wheat is located in mills.
Wheat is located in wheat fields.
Wheat is made into donuts, cakes, pies, and cookies.
Wheat is made into flour for cakes, cookies, and breads.
Wheat is mentioned throughout the Bible and has been a food of man throughout recorded history.
Wheat is milled and converted into flour.
Wheat is more susceptible than barley, oats and rye.
Wheat is more variable than corn in feed value.
Wheat is mostly starch, which is long-chain glucose.
Wheat is Neat.
Wheat is now the principal sustaining grain for people all over the world.
Wheat is nutritious, wholesome and packed with vitamins and enzymes.
Wheat is often the most economical of the grains.
Wheat is one crop being modified for herbicide-tolerance.
Wheat is one crop that deteriorates very rapidly as the plant matures.
Wheat is one grain from which they make bread.
Wheat is one of the longest storing food storage items around.
Wheat is one of the most common trading items from Villagers.
Wheat is one of the most widely planted crops in the world.
Wheat is one of the oldest and most important of the cereal crops.
Wheat is one of the oldest cultivated crops.
Wheat is one of the world's most important food crops.
Wheat is packed with vitamins and minerals.
Wheat is part of an extremely important group called cereal crops .
Wheat is planted with a drill, which is pulled by a tractor.
Wheat is plants.
Wheat is poor to fair.
Wheat is poor to good.
Wheat is poor to very poor.
Wheat is pretty green yet.
Wheat is produced in a perfectly competitive market.
Wheat is pseudo hexaploid, containing a set of diploid chromosomes from each of three ancestors.
Wheat is purchased in bulk, bagged in Douala and transported to N'Djamena for milling.
Wheat is quite palatable to poultry.
Wheat is rich in starch, phosphorus and contains moderate levels of protein.
Wheat is roughly three times as hard to put air through as corn or soybeans.
Wheat is second.
Wheat is self-pollinating.
Wheat is short.
Wheat is shown growing, being combined, and finally emerging as bread.
Wheat is sowed here after wheat from year to year.
Wheat is sown in the second year and by harvest the tagasaste is safe to graze.
Wheat is 'spelta' in Latin.
Wheat is still in the tillering stage.
Wheat is still wheat.
Wheat is stockpiled near the elevator and the train depot.
Wheat is suitable for many of the soils and climatic conditions of Missouri.
Wheat is survival food.
Wheat is the best of all grains for handling and storage.
Wheat is the chief product.
Wheat is the chief staple crop, and sugarcane is widely grown.
Wheat is the crop most likely to respond to phosphorus fertilization.
Wheat is the dominant crop, while barley, canola and legumes are also produced.
Wheat is the exception.
Wheat is the ideal host for both the virus and the wheat curl mite.
Wheat is the largest crop, and honey, sugar beets, and alfalfa hay are also raised.
Wheat is the largest food crop in the world, and barley is the sixth largest.
Wheat is the largest single food crop in the world and feeds more people than any other crop.
Wheat is the latest grain of the year.
Wheat is the latest, and gives the longest harvest window.
Wheat is the main cash crop of North Dakota.
Wheat is the main crop followed by barley and lentil.
Wheat is the main food crop, followed by rice, millet, maize, barley and pulses.
Wheat is the main input in the production of flour.
Wheat is the main small grain.
Wheat is the major economic host, but it can also affect barley, oats, rye and triticale.
Wheat is the major grain imported by Iran, with Canada and Australia the dominant suppliers.
Wheat is the most common cereal containing gluten.
Wheat is the most common crops of northeast China.
Wheat is the most common source of the multitude of flours used in cooking.
Wheat is the most common type of flour used in bread baking.
Wheat is the most important food crop worldwide.
Wheat is the most important food grain of the temperate zones - both north and south.
Wheat is the most important grain of the northern hemisphere, but also used in Africa.
Wheat is the most important host plant.
Wheat is the most planted crop, followed by rice.
Wheat is the most popular agricultural product.
Wheat is the most valuable farm item, with cattle also of primary importance.
Wheat is the most widely grown food crop in the state.
Wheat is the next most important food.
Wheat is the only cereal grain that comes close to matching quinoa's protein content.
Wheat is the only cereal grain that contains gluten in sufficient amount to make yeast breads.
Wheat is the only cereal that is seriously affected.
Wheat is the only grain that contains gluten forming proteins.
Wheat is the only grain with sufficient gluten content to make a raised or leavened loaf of bread.
Wheat is the only grain with sufficient gluten content to make raised or leavened loaf of bread.
Wheat is the only option for planting now as it is considered to late for chickpeas.
Wheat is the predominant grain and meat dishes can be elaborate.
Wheat is the preferred host of the Hessian fly.
Wheat is the primary commodity that is shipped on the lower Snake.
Wheat is the primary crop, followed by oats.
Wheat is the primary host for loose smut.
Wheat is the primary host, and barberry is the alternate host.
Wheat is the primary ingredient for making vodka.
Wheat is the principal cereal grain crop used for food consumption in the United States.
Wheat is the principal crop.
Wheat is the principal food crop, followed by rice, millet, maize and pulses.
Wheat is the principal human food grain produced in the United States.
Wheat is the principal sustaining grain for people over the world.
Wheat is the second most important agricultural product in Kansas, the Wheat State .
Wheat is the staff of life and the foundation of many long-term food storage programs.
Wheat is the staff of life.
Wheat is the staple crop, and sugarcane is widely grown.
Wheat is the staple crop, providing about half of the daily calorie intake.
Wheat is the staple food here.
Wheat is the staple food of the people and thus occupies central position in farming policies.
Wheat is the top export crop.
Wheat is the top food crop consumed by humans.
Wheat is the winter crop, and maize, sweet potatoes, and peanuts are the major summer crops.
Wheat is the world's most important food crop.
Wheat is the world's most important grain crop.
Wheat is to be transported from Mexico for settlers to sow.
Wheat is too harsh for young children.
Wheat is traditionally the world's leading crop.
Wheat is typically too expensive to be considered as a livestock feed.
Wheat is used almost exclusively for human consumption, and barley is used mainly as animal feed.
Wheat is used as an integral part of the domestic diet, as well as of the animal feeding.
Wheat is used both for human consumption and livestock feed.
Wheat is used for cakes.
Wheat is used for eating.
Wheat is used for flour.
Wheat is used for food products.
Wheat is used for food.
Wheat is used for harvesting.
Wheat is used mainly for food, but substantial quantities are also used as feed for livestock.
Wheat is useful in breads due to the higher gluten content.
Wheat is usually the first ingredient listed.
Wheat is very nutritious and provides a good amount of protein.
Wheat is very poor to good.
Wheat is very slow.
Wheat is with potato the main staple food in Armenia.
Wheat isa cereal.
Wheat leaves manufacture carbohydrates and other nutrients.
Wheat looks as bearish as does corn on the charts.
Wheat looks good.
Wheat looks tolerably well at present.
Wheat looks very well down here.
Wheat makes better dough, but needs good soil and water.
Wheat makes for the staple diet as do the farm-fresh vegetables.
Wheat matures later, which delays the first available date for planting a second crop of soybeans.
Wheat matures rapidly after it reaches the boot stage.
Wheat needs additional moisture.
Wheat needs good rains.
Wheat needs moisture.
Wheat needs rain.
Wheat needs to be grown and is nice in the rotation.
Wheat needs warmth and rain to do better.
Wheat now covers the ground.
Wheat paying between a Germany therefore win sailing.
Wheat plants in fields.
Wheat prefers a four-weight calf but admits that oftentimes that size is hard to come by.
Wheat presents a detailed study and reproduces all seven sheets.
Wheat produces a basic food staple, and darnel produces a deadly poison.
Wheat produces a high yield of semolina with excellent pasta-making quality.
Wheat produces seeds.
Wheat produces three to five tons of straw per acre.
Wheat provides excellent forage for both fall and spring pastures.
Wheat provides flour.
Wheat provides food.
Wheat provides healthy food.
Wheat quickly assumes new habits of life.
Wheat ranges from very poor to excellent, most areas reporting poor to good.
Wheat ranks first in nutritional value.
Wheat Read the question and click on the answer to find the correct answer to the question.
Wheat releases water vapor constantly, which needs to be dissipated by ventilation.
Wheat relies on a totally different time frame for moisture requirements compared to other crops.
Wheat remains stressed from lack of moisture.
Wheat remembers that day quite well.
Wheat represents a staple of life.
Wheat represents the bounty of the Earth.
Wheat reproduces sexually .
Wheat requires substantially more irrigation than do poppies.
Wheat responds best to certain inputs at certain stages of development.
Wheat responds to increased nitrogen by increasing vigor of vegetative and reproductive growth.
Wheat responds to sewage sludge as fertilizer in an arid environment.
Wheat responses to aggressive and non-aggressive arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi.
Wheat ride along that scene while consider aspen flat.
Wheat ride along that scene while consider chainlink fencing.
Wheat ride along that scene while consider solders.
Wheat seems to be associated with many auto-immune diseases.
Wheat serves dual purposes.
Wheat serves purposes.
Wheat sowing in Tennessee now is done in the fall, but then in the spring, to judge from the letter.
Wheat splash themselves across the sonic palette like a technicolored pop rainbow.
Wheat spreads from Palestine to minor Asia, then to Greece and Europe.
Wheat sprouts add nutrition and texture to breads, rolls, muffins or pancakes.
Wheat sprouts fast.
Wheat stands growing very little due to wet, cold conditions.
Wheat stands look good with recent rain.
Wheat stands poor to good with some remaining to be planted.
Wheat stands, in general, are good and yield expectations remain high.
Wheat stem sawfly damage, rates of parasitism, and overwinter survival in resistant wheat lines.
Wheat still needs to do better in the export market.
Wheat symbolizes good health.
Wheat symbolizes life.
Wheat symbolizes wishes for good health and a good harvest.
Wheat take-all disease can significantly diminish crop yields.
Wheat takes the lion's share of our shipping space.
Wheat teaches English.
Wheat tends to be a little more difficult to brew with, as it has no husk, like barley does.
Wheat tends to have less foreign matter or trash in it.
Wheat tends to impart a dryness to beer.
Wheat tends to produce more tillers and leaves than are necessary for maximum grain yield.
Wheat trampling by emus is a problem.
Wheat typically follows cotton in much of the growing region.
Wheat Using wheat as a cover crop works well and provides an additional option of grain harvest.
Wheat varies greatly in size and thickness of stems and heads.
Wheat when mixed with gram is known as gochani and with barley as gujai.
Wheat yields higher than average.
Wheat yields positive despite early drought.
Wheats differ in hardness, texture, protein content, and starch content.
Wheat often is double-cropped after sorghum in Kansas.
Wheat sometimes provokes allergic reactions.
All wheat is imported, while one-third of sugar and soybeans comes from overseas.
Most wheat contains components.
Most wheat contains proteins.
Most wheat goes through phases.
Most wheat goes through several phases.
Most wheat grows in adjacent plots.
Most wheat grows in fields.
Most wheat grows in plots.
Most wheat has fields.
Most wheat has growth.
Most wheat has pleasant taste.
Most wheat is grown through the application of commercial fertilizers.
Most wheat is planted in the fall.
Most wheat midges infest wheat.
Most wheat produces seeds.
Most wheat provides flour.
Most wheat provides food.
Most wheat provides healthy food.
Most wheat serves dual purposes.
Most wheat serves purposes.
Some wheat absorbs water.
Some wheat adapts to regions.
Some wheat causes digestive problems.
Some wheat causes problems.
Some wheat contains kernels.
Some wheat grows at high temperature.
Some wheat grows at temperature.
Some wheat grows in countries.
Some wheat grows in water.
Some wheat has deficiencies.
Some wheat has distribution.
Some wheat has division.
Some wheat has genetic resistance.
Some wheat has moderate tolerance.
Some wheat has nodes.
Some wheat has resistance.
Some wheat has tendencies.
Some wheat has tolerance.
Some wheat is cut for hay.
Some wheat is fine, but too much makes the muscle tissue overly acidic.
Some wheat is good and other wheat is moldy or stale .
Some wheat is good and other wheat is moldy or stale.
Some wheat is raised and cheese is made for market.
Some wheat makes up diets.
Some wheat midges infest plants.
Some wheat midges infest wheat plants.
Some wheat occupies first places.
Some wheat occupies places.
Some wheat produces areas.
Some wheat produces leaves.
Some wheat remains to be planted.
Some wheat responds to development.
Some wheat uses for food.
Some wheats contain more gluten than others.
A wheatear is a thrush
Wheatears appear on stones, mounds of desert pavement, or man-erected posts.
Wheaten bread is now much more generally used than oaten.
Many wheaten owners go on to get a second one eventually.
Wheatgrass is grass
Wheatgrasses have better relative yields in drier climates.
Wheatley faculty participate in many forms of professional development.
Wheel alignment checks yearly for the life of the tire.
Wheel alignment controls the distribution of vehicle load across the tire's footprint.
Wheel alignment is also an important issue.
Wheel alignment is included as a part of the total vehicle alignment system.
Wheel alignment is included as part of the total vehicle alignment system.
Wheel alignment is the proper adjustment of ALL the interrelated suspension angles.
Wheel axle rides in steel roller bearings and flyer rides on leather bearings.
Wheel axle rides in steel roller bearings and the flyer on leather bearings.
Most wheel barrows have a natural finish, but color tinted wheel barrows are available.
More wheel base provides for easier learning.
Wheel bearings are also susceptible to dirt and also to heat .
Wheel bearings are good.
Wheel bearings have a tough life.
Wheel bearings wear out, brakes fail, and lights go out.
Wheel blocks are available to assist in loading and unloading trucks.
A wheel bug is an insect
Wheel bugs are rather uncommon, but attract attention when found due to their bizarre appearance.
Wheel bugs feed by piercing the host and injecting a potent saliva into the prey.
Wheel bugs feed on aphids as young nymphs.
Wheel bugs undergo incomplete metamorphosis developing slowly into the winged adult.
Wheel case splits in half easily for quick filter access.
Wheel chairs are available also, with prior booking.
Wheel chairs are available free for use on site.
Wheel chairs are available inside if needed.
Wheel chairs are available upon request.
Wheel chairs are available with no charge to visitors.
Wheel chairs are available, please see cashier inside.
Wheel chairs are available.
Wheel chairs are located in hospitals.
Wheel chocks make handy pillows and benches.
Wheel choice is the real culprit in most side wind situations.
Wheel diameter is directly proportional to the thickness of the blade.
Wheel diameter is discussed above.
Wheel diameter is in inches .
Wheel diameter plays an important part in stress-calculations for an axle.
Wheel discs protect child's fingers.
Wheel disks allow smooth air flow, at least when pointed straight ahead.
Wheel dog describes a dog that ran directly in front of the sled.
Wheel dogs are usually a little larger or more muscular than the other dogs on the team.
Wheel events occur when a mouse wheel is turned while the widget has focus.
Wheel fans beware.
Wheel farthingales require huge skirts, heavily gathered at the waist.
Wheel flop is progressive.
Any wheel lockup causes brake pressure reduction on both wheels of each channel.
Wheel macaroni looks like buttons.
Wheel modules are maintenance-free.
Wheel mouse is supported.
Wheel pants complete less finishing, with stainless brackets.
Wheel pass buy woulds awl mourn.
Wheel rentals are available.
Wheel response is awsome and the USB port worked like a champ.
Wheel rotation is detent controlled and enables each aperture to be accessed individually.
Wheel rubber is cracked or chipped.
Wheel selection is as important as the proper frame set.
All wheel sets are complete sets.
Wheel size is flexable.
Wheel sizes range from fifteen inches all of the way up to twenty inches in diameter.
Wheel skaters rely on friction between the blades and the street.
Wheel slip can be substantial under heavy drawbar loads.
Wheel slip increases along with brake pressure.
Wheel slippage can give the monitor false information.
Wheel slippage is simply the tire spinning.
Wheel spin is simply unavoidable.
Wheel spins interact with cards played from player's hands to generate income.
A wheel spoke is support
Wheel spokes are flat black while the outer rims are cast metal color - steel or magnesium.
Wheel tracks can be a problem, particularly when driving on wet soil.
Wheel tracks show the rover's progress from Pathfinder.
Wheel travel is increased while retaining original geometry.
A wheel tree is a tree
Wheel tree fits nicely into a small landscape.
Wheel turn is a a littel poor also.
Wheel type is another major consideration.
Wheel wells are adequately deep with no details.
Wheel wells offer another entrance alternative.
Wheel work is optional and is taught on an individual basis.
A wheel is a machine
Wheel barrows .
Wheel barrows and wrenches are examples of second class levers .
Wheel barrows and wrenches are examples of second class levers.
Wheel barrows, spades, flower pots, shears and a watering can complete the theme.
Wheel can be right or left hand, durable antibreak wheel, low battery warning.
Wheel comes with rim tape.
Wheel covers polished to satin.
Wheel covers to tarps. .
Wheel covers, nylon white stripe tires.
Wheel depend on use.
Wheel faces into the wind.
Wheel falls into place, then push forward on back handles.
Wheel is at forward end of cockpit.
Wheel is on dynamic filter.
Wheel isa mechanism.
Wheel lifts front loader bucket up and down.
Wheel locking The brake shoes rub against the drum causing friction.
Wheel makes inside a bud unless perform king queens.
Wheel passes available at stations along the trail. .
Wheel pops off.
Wheel represents fortune.
Wheel saves within a the breathing method.
Wheel sizes One of the most striking characteristics of most recumbents is the use of small wheels.
Wheel sizes Recumbents come with a bewildering variety of wheel and tyre sizes.
Wheel turns on bronze bearings, and top part revolves toward air direction.
Wheel wear differently depending on the position of the skate.
Wheel works fine with other games.
Wheels actually roll, coin slot in rear window.
Wheels actually turn.
Wheels Adjust bearing tolerance in front and rear hubs.
Wheels allow for portability, and jack screws are included to support the system while in operation.
Wheels also allow easy mobility for winter storage.
Wheels also create a lot of turbulence.
Wheels appear to be aluminum with stainless spokes.
Wheels are a common way to reduce friction.
Wheels are a highly sought after accessory that can make or break and entire image on a car.
Wheels are a little wobbly but appear to be the originals.
Wheels are added as a bonus to some of the kits purchased in the beginning of the school year.
Wheels are all natural wood.
Wheels are already in place.
Wheels are also recessed to give maximum protection.
Wheels are always stronger when their spokes have uniform tensions.
Wheels are an obvious choice to lessen the load.
Wheels are available on all cases.
Wheels are available through dealers in almost every country in the world.
Wheels are available with innovative new digital electronic counters measuring both feet or meters.
Wheels are awesome.
Wheels are black mirror finish.
Wheels are bold.
Wheels are both fascinating and liberating.
Wheels are bright alloy, of course, with large tires.
Wheels are circular objects.
Wheels are circulars.
Wheels are custom made at the factory with an approx.
Wheels are date stamped underneath the hubcaps, right near the lug-nuts.
Wheels are disposable and easily replaced.
Wheels are excellent toys for both mice and rats.
Wheels are extra.
Wheels are fitted on high grade anodised alu wheelhex adaptors and secured with flanged wheelnuts.
Wheels are forces.
Wheels are genuine wood wagon wheels with roller bearings.
Wheels are grimy, rusty.
Wheels are helms.
Wheels are in excellent condition.
Wheels are in new or newer condition.
Wheels are kind of stinky.
Wheels are kind of weak.
Wheels are located in bicycle shops.
Wheels are located in boats.
Wheels are located in trunks.
Wheels are machines.
Wheels are made of metal.
Wheels are mag-like chrome steel designs, providing the only sizable sparkle of chrome.
Wheels are mounted to orange anodised high grade aluminium hex-adaptors using flanged wheelnuts.
Wheels are much more efficient.
Wheels are necessary.
Wheels are new and more stylish as well.
Wheels are new chrome-spokes with new tires.
Wheels are no problem as well.
Wheels are non-original, but otherwise pretty much as it left the factory.
Wheels are objects.
Wheels are optional as well.
Wheels are optional.
Wheels are part of bicycles.
Wheels are part of cars.
Wheels are part of skateboards.
Wheels are part of vehicles.
Wheels are part of wagons.
Wheels are parts.
Wheels are plastic, sadly.
Wheels are plastic.
Wheels are probably one of the most commonly used objects, which, alas, garner the least attention.
Wheels are quiet for comfortable riding.
Wheels are removable.
Wheels are resin castings mounting slot car tires.
Wheels are round.
Wheels are rounds.
Wheels are self-cleaning.
Wheels are slightly wider than fitness wheels.
Wheels are steerable.
Wheels are still better.
Wheels are straight and less than a thousand miles.
Wheels are straight and true, with some minor blems in the finish.
Wheels are the earliest tools developed by mankind to facilitate transportation.
Wheels are the most expensive part of the car, and wear out the fastest.
Wheels are the most perfected area of the car.
Wheels are tight with little play.
Wheels are used for cars.
Wheels are used for machinery.
Wheels are used for rollings.
Wheels are used for steering.
Wheels are used for tires.
Wheels are used for turning.
Wheels are used for turns.
Wheels are very clean and straight.
Wheels are very easy to maintain.
Wheels are wide aluminum rims with stainless spokes and special dirt track street rubber.
Wheels attached to the undulator frame allow the instrument to be rolled into place.
Wheels can be any shape and the axle can be anywhere.
Wheels can be large or small.
Wheels can be things like actual wheels, half-tracks, hovercraft or flying machines.
Wheels can be very useful.
Wheels can get pretty high-tech and aerodynamic if the price is right.
Wheels can have sharp edges and rusty spots.
Wheels collapse and lock and bag folds for easy storage.
Wheels come down through slots in the skis for landings at regular airports.
Wheels come fully assembled with all bearing tolerances preset at the factory.
Wheels come off, pose choking hazard.
Wheels come out much quicker, however.
Wheels come with cush drive and two sprockets.
Wheels comes in all sizes and hardnesses.
Wheels detach and reattach instantly without tools.
Wheels determine how the pavement feels underfoot.
Wheels do, too.
Wheels face indigo sea.
Wheels fly off and wings separate from cars.
Wheels follow ground contours for reduce scalping.
Wheels function well only on prepared geography, either rails or roads.
Wheels go both ways.
Wheels go in the lid.
Wheels go round and round.
Wheels have (part) sections.
Wheels have diameters.
Wheels have excellent grip yet skates smooth as glass.
Wheels have friction.
Wheels have lower friction.
Wheels have lower roll friction.
Wheels have nothing to do with flying.
Wheels have roll friction.
Wheels have rotational energy which has to come from somewhere, thus from beam.
Wheels have rubber tires.
Wheels have solid rubber tires.
Wheels have solid rubber tires.
Wheels have solid tires.
Wheels have tires.
Wheels have tread.
Wheels have treads.
Wheels have very little wear.
Wheels is relentless against hitters.
Wheels is suitable for any age, so siblings can play together.
Wheels Leads, leads and more leads.
Wheels located on the front lid of the flight case ensure protection for patch field connections.
Wheels lock automatically when passenger doors are open.
Wheels lose energy.
Wheels make it easy to move from room to room.
Wheels make it so easy to transport.
Wheels make rolling through the airport a breeze.
Wheels make the car A nice looking right-sized wheel can do a lot for just about any car.
Wheels move counter-clockwise, displaying a normal numerical progression in the windows.
Wheels move easily over any surface, even up and down stairs.
Wheels never have to be removed from the boat, saving time and effort.
Wheels offer traction.
Wheels open, for greater stability in high-speed, ideal on smooth roads.
Wheels pop on and off without tools.
Wheels provide for easy movement away from the flow of hot water.
Wheels provide support and reduce bouncing of the loader while planing.
Wheels provide transport by simply inverting the unit.
Wheels reduce friction because only a little part of it touches the ground at one time.
Wheels reduce friction with the floor to help cars move.
Wheels reduce friction.
Wheels remove for travel or storage.
Wheels remove quickly with clip pin.
Wheels require care to maintain their factory finish.
Wheels require friction.
Wheels retract during pulling to prevent wheel damage.
Wheels retract into sole for walking.
Wheels ride on angle iron tracks.
Wheels roll along both the upper or lower flange of the track.
Wheels roll easily over the grate, while hooves tend to slide off the grate and fall into the pit.
Wheels rotate with wagon.
Wheels rotate, sending out a circular spiral of flame and sparks.
Wheels run on the top curve of the slot.
Wheels scrolls even if there are no scrollbars.
Wheels ship promptly after money order clears.
Wheels spin and the cables sing on their drums.
Wheels start rotating after they contacted the part and pressure is built up.
Wheels still work The recruiting industry is one of personal contact.
Wheels strike divergently.
Wheels support weight.
Wheels swivel for ease of turning on bottom.
Wheels then allow the stacks to be pushed to a new position.
Wheels turn and swivel.
Wheels turn for easy movement.
Wheels turn on axles, and springs suspend the body and absorb vibration and shock.
Wheels typically have tangential spokes.
Wheels Visit the area's leading auto dealerships.
Wheels wear out.
Wheels Welcome to e-mail central.
Wheels When performing radical moves, spin-outs can occur.
Wheels work more effectively when they have a smooth road surface to travel on.
All wheels are custom machined so no two are exactly the same.
All wheels are custom made to order.
All wheels are fully functional and turn easily.
All wheels are graceful.
All wheels are on axels that are glued in place.
All wheels are precisely balanced.
All wheels are side mounted unless ordered otherwise.
All wheels are single treadle.
All wheels carry a life time warranty to puchaser against defects in chroming.
All wheels come mounted on a black glass stand and feature their own gold or silver etched logo.
All wheels come with a one year warranty against manufacturers defects and workmanship.
All wheels feature polyurethane tread for long life and noiseless operation.
All wheels feature precision ball or needle bearings for maximum rolling ease.
All wheels go around freely and claening is easy.
All wheels have bearings and stainless steel axles.
All wheels have laser welded segments for a smooth and long lasting life.
All wheels pull with full torque all the time, with the steering ease of full differential action.
All wheels really move.
All wheels require some assembly.
All wheels revolve at the same speed when engaged.
All wheels turn full circles.
Every wheel contains triangles, so no W n is bipartite.
Every wheel is carefully aged to guarantee that the flavor and appearance are perfect.
Every wheel is mathematically correct.
Every wheel is Numbered , Dated and Signed .
Every wheel stands up to thousands of sharpening cycles.
Most wheels are too shallow and the drive belt easily jumps out of it.
Most wheels command a large desktop presence and leave little room for a keyboard.
Most wheels have diameters.
Most wheels have friction.
Most wheels have lower friction.
Most wheels have lower roll friction.
Most wheels have rubber tires.
Most wheels have solid rubber tires.
Most wheels have solid tires.
Most wheels have tires.
Most wheels have treads.
Most wheels lose energy.
Most wheels offer traction.
Most wheels require friction.
Most wheels support weight.
Some wheels also water and fertilize the hole to reduce stress caused during planting.
Some wheels are a combination of the two.
Some wheels are part of buggies.
Some wheels are part of bulldozers.
Some wheels are part of carriage.
Some wheels are part of chariots.
Some wheels are part of go-carts.
Some wheels are part of gondolas.
Some wheels are part of prams.
Some wheels are part of pushchairs.
Some wheels are part of scooters.
Some wheels are part of strollers.
Some wheels are part of tanks.
Some wheels are part of tractors.
Some wheels are part of tricycles.
Some wheels are part of trolleys.
Some wheels are part of wheelbarrows.
Some wheels are powered by engines.
Some wheels are powered by own internal engines.
Some wheels are submerged in water.
Some wheels convert energy.
Some wheels dissipate energy.
Some wheels have defects.
Some wheels have dozen spokes.
Some wheels have manufacture defects.
Some wheels have pneumatic tubes.
Some wheels have spokes.
Some wheels have tendencies.
Some wheels have tubes.
Some wheels make power.
Some wheels perform better with wind at an angle.
Some wheels provide effects.
Some wheels provide finish.
Some wheels provide lustrous finish.
Some wheels provide power.
Some wheels reduce friction.
Some wheels use principles.
Some wheels use simple principles.
Some Wheels Win a new car and many other valuable prizes.
A wheelbarrow is a cart
Wheelbarrow isa go-cart.
Wheelbarrows are always welcome.
Wheelbarrows are carts.
Wheelbarrows are simple tools.
Wheelbarrows are very helpful.
Wheelbarrows have (part) axles.
Wheelbarrows have (part) brakes.
Wheelbarrows have (part) handles.
Wheelbarrows have (part) sections.
Wheelbarrows have (part) wheels.
Wheelbarrows have a tendency to tip if overloaded or pushed over uneven ground.
Some wheelbarrows have a wide bar across the back instead of a thin support.
Wheelchair access campsites for the disabled are available at most campgrounds.
Wheelchair access is also available to the beach from the south parking lot.
Wheelchair access is at the back of the building.
Wheelchair access is available along most routes as well.
Wheelchair access is available also.
Wheelchair access is available and advanced notification is appreciated.
Wheelchair access is available at campground.
Wheelchair access is available at the rear entrance on the first floor.
Wheelchair access is available at the southeast corner of the building.
Wheelchair access is available for all tests.
Wheelchair access is available for the disabled .
Wheelchair access is available from the parking lot to the pier.
Wheelchair access is available if requested at time of reservation.
Wheelchair access is available in public areas only.
Wheelchair access is available on all bus routes.
Wheelchair access is available on every seating and parking level.
Wheelchair access is available on two miles of paved trails.
Wheelchair access is available to all building areas.
Wheelchair access is available to all buildings.
Wheelchair access is available to the building.
Wheelchair access is available to the hotel.
Wheelchair access is available.
Wheelchair access is by means of elevator on first floor.
Wheelchair access is by means of elevator on the first or second floor of the building.
Wheelchair access is fairly easy, with only one small step needing to be negotiated.
Wheelchair access is from the rear of the building, adjacent to the parking lot.
Wheelchair access is from the rear of the building.
Wheelchair access is good but maneuvering is tight in the Upper Circle.
Wheelchair access is good down a slope and over a small ridge.
Wheelchair access is good with lifts as appropriate.
Wheelchair access is limited to parts of the garden only.
Wheelchair access is limited, and furnished upon request.
Wheelchair access is located by using hallway and entering upstage left.
Wheelchair access is now available on all Links.
Wheelchair access is off to the left.
Wheelchair access is only possible with staff assistance.
Wheelchair access is possible - there are three shallow steps into the house.
Wheelchair access is possible to all area, inside or outside.
Wheelchair access is possible, with advance notice.
Wheelchair access is provided at all meetings.
Wheelchair access is provided at the South-East entrance.
Wheelchair access is provided due east from the main entrance.
Wheelchair access is provided if required.
Wheelchair access is provided via elevator.
Wheelchair access is provided.
Wheelchair access is through the Hood main entrance.
Wheelchair access is through the north entrance.
Wheelchair access is through the rear door.
Wheelchair access is through the south entrance.
Wheelchair access is to the left of the stairs.
Wheelchair access is via the west door and elevator.
Wheelchair access pathways throughout the gardens.
Wheelchair access requires wide paths without overlapping plants.
Wheelchair access varies at each campus library.
Wheelchair accessibility can be tricky at bed and breakfasts.
Wheelchair accessibility is always last.
Wheelchair accessibility is available upon request.
Wheelchair accessibility is available.
Wheelchair accessibility is from the City Marina.
Wheelchair accessibility is limited.
Wheelchair athletes compete in skiing, kayaking, mountain climbing, sailing and even bungee jumping.
Wheelchair athletes contest all events on the track as well as throwing events.
Wheelchair athletes do a lot of yelling in races.
Wheelchair athletes push cross-country to raise funds for rehabilitation groups.
Wheelchair basketball demands speed, strength, stamina and key skills.
Wheelchair basketball is always a favorite activity, allowing abled and disabled to compete.
Wheelchair cushions come in all sizes, descriptions, and prices.
Wheelchair fencing is excellent for the disabled.
Wheelchair football is an exciting game packed with intensity and action.
Wheelchair football offers great benefits for both disabled and non-disabled players.
Wheelchair lift equipped buses are available.
Wheelchair lift equipped services for the disabled are available upon request.
Wheelchair lift is available.
Wheelchair lifts are available from both the bus and taxi services.
Wheelchair lifts are unacceptable in any situation.
Wheelchair lifts permit touring of only the first floor of the mansion.
Wheelchair racers are also welcome.
Wheelchair racers are permissible.
Wheelchair racers start in a blur, just ahead of the runners.
Wheelchair racing is exactly like cycling.
Wheelchair ramps allow access to beach and concession areas .
Wheelchair ramps are available at the main and east entrance.
Wheelchair ramps serve the jury box, the bench, the witness box and the audience.
Wheelchair ramps ship the same day if ordered before noon.
Many wheelchair sports have regional leagues and national and international governing bodies.
Wheelchair tennis uses the same size courts and equipment as Olympic tennis.
Wheelchair user is the preferred term.
Wheelchair users experience interaction.
Wheelchair users experience more positive social interaction.
Wheelchair users experience positive interaction.
Wheelchair users experience social interaction.
Many wheelchair users can transfer in and out of their chair with little or no help.
Most wheelchair users experience more positive social interaction.
Most wheelchair users experience positive interaction.
Most wheelchair users experience social interaction.
Wheelchair vans are available.
A wheelchair is a chair
Wheelchair isa chair.
Wheelchairs are albatrosses.
Wheelchairs are at all entrances.
Wheelchairs are available at all airline ticket counters.
Wheelchairs are available at all entrances.
Wheelchairs are available at any time.
Wheelchairs are available at both entrances, free of charge.
Wheelchairs are available at no charge for use on the mansion property only.
Wheelchairs are available at no charge.
Wheelchairs are available at no cost.
Wheelchairs are available at no extra charge.
Wheelchairs are available at the Admissions Desk.
Wheelchairs are available at the coat check.
Wheelchairs are available at the front entrance or in the garage near the patient elevator.
Wheelchairs are available at the hospital entrance.
Wheelchairs are available at the information desk at the entrance to the hospital.
Wheelchairs are available at the main entrance.
Wheelchairs are available at the reception area.
Wheelchairs are available for borrowing.
Wheelchairs are available for free loan on a first-come, first served basis.
Wheelchairs are available for hire at the three water parks.
Wheelchairs are available for loan at the museum information desk.
Wheelchairs are available for rental round the clock.
Wheelchairs are available for use during an aquarium visit.
Wheelchairs are available for use during services.
Wheelchairs are available for use within the building.
Wheelchairs are available for very young children as well, and there are three basic types.
Wheelchairs are available for visitors.
Wheelchairs are available free for use during an aquarium visit.
Wheelchairs are available free for use on site.
Wheelchairs are available free of charge and without a reservation at the West Wing admissions desk.
Wheelchairs are available free of charge in the checkroom.
Wheelchairs are available free of charge.
Wheelchairs are available from several local outlets.
Wheelchairs are available from the airlines.
Wheelchairs are available from the library's Information Desk.
Wheelchairs are available if needed at the information booth.
Wheelchairs are available in case of an emergency.
Wheelchairs are available in the clinic or ramp entrances.
Wheelchairs are available in the entrance hall.
Wheelchairs are available in the lobby and near the entrances from the parkade into the building.
Wheelchairs are available in the medical center lobby.
Wheelchairs are available in the museum.
Wheelchairs are available inside the main entrance to the museum.
Wheelchairs are available inside the terminal.
Wheelchairs are available near the elevators on each level.
Wheelchairs are available on a first come, first serve basis.
Wheelchairs are available on request.
Wheelchairs are available on site.
Wheelchairs are available to borrow for the whole day.
Wheelchairs are available to borrow.
Wheelchairs are available to rent at a minimal cost.
Wheelchairs are available to transport guests to their seats.
Wheelchairs are available upon request at the front desk.
Wheelchairs are available upon request, at both buildings.
Wheelchairs are available upon request.
Wheelchairs are available with identification.
Wheelchairs are available, and restrooms are accessible.
Wheelchairs are available.
Wheelchairs are avvailable at the visitor's center.
Wheelchairs are basically means of movement for persons with physical disabilities.
Wheelchairs are chairs.
Wheelchairs are electrics.
Wheelchairs are located in homes.
Wheelchairs are mobility aid.
Wheelchairs are ready to ship.
Wheelchairs are seats.
Wheelchairs are used for mobility.
Wheelchairs are welcome at the Jazz concert and as spectators for the Tennis tournament.
Wheelchairs are welcome, but no walkers please.
Wheelchairs are welcome.
Wheelchairs come in many sizes and shapes which are adapted to the lifestyle of the user.
Wheelchairs enable people to escape confinement.
Wheelchairs have (part) backs.
Wheelchairs have (part) sections.
Wheelchairs have (part) upholstery.
Wheelchairs have access to the docks and facilities at Dangling Rope.
Wheelchairs have access to the ground floor only.
Wheelchairs have complete and easy access to the water's edge.
Wheelchairs have prime seats in the centre block.
Wheelchairs look pretty much alike.
Wheelchairs provide access and enable individuals to get around.
Wheelchairs require assistance.
Wheelchairs require assistance.
Most wheelchairs require assistance.
Wheeled airplanes can use yet another runway on glacier ice during all but the warmest months.
Wheeled backpacks are available.
Wheeled base is of sturdy construction with non-tipping cross frame and locking casters.
Wheeled carriers allow for smoothe traversing and are self-aligning.
Wheeled carts are available.
Wheeled carts make portability easy.
Wheeled sports pose real dangers.
All wheeled walkers are heavier than rigid walkers.
Wheeler County is designated open range.
Wheeler County is open range.
Wheeler Lake is as beautiful as it is challenging.
Wheeler Lake is located in north central Alabama, near the cities of Huntsville and Decatur.
Wheeler Lake is one of the most popular fishing lakes in the nation.
A wheeler is a footer
Wheeler focuses on heat stress as a major problem for primates exploiting savannah resources.
Wheeler invents interesting folks.
Wheeler is on assignment there, investigating and reporting events from the voters point of view.
Wheeler plays on two water polo teams.
Wheeler polishes the park as if it's opening day.
Wheeler strikes out.
Wheeler takes in looking beyond the next race.
Wheeler teaches jazz band, concert band, marching band and pep band.
Wheelers are marchers.
Wheelers are mostly quiet.
Wheelie bars are optional.
Wheeling soils have moderate permeability and low shrink-swell potential.
Wheelings are propulsion.
Wheels machines shoot a ball out of a black hole - there are no audio or visual cues.
A wheelwright is a wright
Wheelwright demonstrates why such scenarios are unlikely.
Wheelwrights run a programme of textile exhibitions throughout the year.
A wheeze is a breathing
Wheezes are breathing.
Wheezes are high-pitched, musical sounds produced by narrowed airways, occurring during expiration.
Wheezes are schemes.
Wheezes arise from the oscillations of narrowed airways and their adjacent tissues.
Whelk pots are available in Newfoundland or easily manufactured.
A whelk is seafood
Whelk is softer and easier to drill, but it is never purple.
Whelks are a type of gastropod that live within their own shell.
Whelks are carnivorous snails living below the tide line and often found in and on lobster pots.
Whelks are less colortul than abalones.
Whelks are mollusks.
Whelks are mollusks.
Whelks are more colorful than periwinkles.
Whelks are seafood.
Whelks are the least colorful of the three animals.
Whelks emerge as tiny images of the adults.
Whelks feed on several bivalve species, including clams.
Whelks have a powerful muscular foot that glides on a film of mucus which they secrete.
Whelks make tasty meals themselves.
Whencable service is already nearby, the amount is generally minimal.
Wherefore love differs according to the difference of appetites.
Wherefore repetition is inconsistent with solemnization.
Wherefore truth is neither a theological, nor an intellectual, but a moral virtue.
Wherever policy is made, information is needed.
Wherever provision is made for the services of other persons .
Whese rooms are for library personnel use.
Whetstone Butte is about a mile north on the trail.
A whetstone is a stone
Whetstones are available in any asian grocery stores.
Whey protein appears to be just such a compound.
Whey protein concentrate as a proteinase inhibitor in Pacific whiting surimi.
Whey protein gives the muscles the extra fuel needed to repair, rebuild, grow and stay healthy.
Whey protein has the highest biological value rating of any protein.
Whey protein helps regulate insulin and provides energy for the whole day.
Whey protein improves immune function and fights infections.
Whey protein is a broad description of a protein fraction derived from milk.
Whey protein is a class of minor proteins found in milk.
Whey protein is a common protein based fat replacer.
Whey protein is a complex protein.
Whey protein is a potent ally to the general immune system.
Whey protein is absorbed very quickly and casein is absorbed slower.
Whey protein is also the richest food source of the anabolic amino acid L-leucine.
Whey protein is an excellent way to add protein without adding fat and carbohydrate.
Whey protein is arguably one of the best protein sources available.
Whey protein is broken down rapidly compared to egg protein, and casein is somewhere in-between.
Whey protein is definitely the best type of protein for building muscle.
Whey protein is derived from milk.
Whey protein is easy to digest and absorb.
Whey protein is found in a wide variety of processed foods and is a recognised food allergen.
Whey protein is generally more expensive than soy based protein.
Whey protein is known to be the most bio-available protein source for athletes.
Whey protein is obtained during the processing of milk to cheese.
Whey protein is simply an extremely high-quality protein that is derived from milk.
Whey protein is the best, but expensive.
Whey protein is the most efficient protein for the human body.
Whey protein is used in small quantities in combination with meat as a binding agent.
Whey protein offers an attractive food source where microbes can flourish.
Whey protein provides the full range of amino acids and other anabolic nutrients.
Whey protein ranks highest in all measures of protein quaility.
A whey is a dairy product
Whey contains quadra-peptides, opioids, that produce natural pain killing activity.
Whey contains sugar, minerals, protein, and nutrients.
Whey originates from cheese processing.
Wheys are dairy products.
Wheys are located in margarines.
Some wheys tend to be hygroscopic.
A while is time
While isa time.
Whiles lions war and battle for their dens, Poor harmless lambs abide their enmity.
Whim worshippers have an indifferent or negative relationship with reason and objectivity.
A whim is desire
Whims are by definition silly flights of fancy, born of spontaneity rather than logic.
Whimsey fans can invent their own peculiar cars.
Whimsical accessories bring a nice start to a great finish.
Whimsical animation is sure to delight.
Whimsical appliques highlight the pickets.
Whimsical cartoons heading each chapter add to the fun.
Whimsical details are in abundance on the outside of the building.
Whimsical exaggeration is a recurring theme.
Whimsical finials add an extra dash to window treatments.
Whimsical finials add dash to window treatments.
Whimsical hosts give helps and hints along the way.
Whimsical illustration sets the mood of each tale.
Whimsical illustrations add to the merriment.
Whimsical items brighten office, make great gifts.
Whimsical mouse designs on notecards, magnets, calendars, and more.
Whimsical music adds to the charm.
Whimsical pins are sure to bring smiles.
Whimsical products range from flowers to mermaids.
Whimsical remembrances can prove inaccurate.
Whimsical sculpture is found throughout the city.
Whimsical sculptures are everywhere on the sidewalks.
Whimsical sculptures dot the meadow and peek out from under the towering spruces.
Whimsical swings hang from trees scattered throughout the property.
Whimsical tee has colorful designs on front and back.
Many whimsical touches turn out to be clues.
Whimsical tunes Do come and go.
A whin is a broom
WHIN operates in a secure environment, using secure socket technology and encrypted data.
WHIN provides a solution.
A whine is a complaint
Whine is audible over classroom noise.
Whine lasts five seconds or more.
Every whine is a maker of trouble, a forerunner of failure.
Whinings are used for babies.
Whip antennas are for most practical purposes omni or non directional when used v ertically .
A whip scorpion is an arachnoid
Whip scorpions live in habitats.
Whip scorpions live in various habitats.
Whip scorpions make excellent pets.
Whip scorpions occur in habitats.
Most whip scorpions live in habitats.
Most whip scorpions live in various habitats.
Most whip scorpions occur in habitats.
Some whip scorpions possess glands.
Whip worms are often difficult to find in the stool, making repeated analyses necessary.
A whip is an instrument
Whip allows non-AutoCAD users to view AutoCAD drawings.
Whip buttocks privately while reciting a prayer.
Whip comes complete with instructional safety video and certificate of authenticity.
Whip eggs together with cottage cheese and tabasco.
Whip elbow around to help turn body.
Whip finish at least two times.
Whip finish the chartreuse nylon and trim.
Whip finish the fly and cement the head.
Whip finish the fly behind the eye.
Whip finish the fly.
Whip finish the head and cement .
Whip finish the head and cement both the head and tail wrappings.
Whip finish the head in front of the the bead chain eyes.
Whip finish the head with six to ten wraps of a whip finisher.
Whip finish the head, tie off and varnish.
Whip finish the head.
Whip finish the nylon, then trim.
Whip finish the thread and tie off.
Whip finish the thread behind the worm body.
Whip finish the tip and apply a drop of head cement.
Whip fold below an space next prove als snowmobiles.
Whip forgave below the cheap bicycling equipment.
Whip ingredients an slowly pour in sugar to thicken.
Whip is a euphemism for penis.
Whip isa instrument.
Whip occurs when the shaft stiffness provides the primary influence over the instability response.
Whip sounds and screams.
Whip stitch on rim.
Whip stitch the opening between the legs shut.
Whip stitch the opening closed.
Whip stitch the openings closed.
Whip stitch the outside with white yarn.
Whip stitch together.
Whip stitch top edge of mouth section first to secure, and stuff.
Whip unite with the michael jordan basketball jerseys.
Whip walk Thunder with some cushion among whatever beauty.
Whip works in a local human service agency in the panhandle.
Whip's a classic.
Whips are a product with numerous avenues of distribution and one of increasing demand.
Whips are an interesting branch of throwing or casting sorts of actions.
Whips are assistants to the floor leaders who are also elected by their party conferences.
Whips are awesome, especially in the hands of an expert.
Whips are blows.
Whips are dessert.
Whips are flexibility.
Whips are instruments.
Whips are legislators.
Whips are normal in fencing.
Whips are under utilized in sport fishing.
Whips are used by jockeys.
Whips are used for discipline.
Whips are used for hits.
Whips can cause severe diarrhea and can be very difficult to detect by routine fecal analysis.
Whips come in shapes.
Whips have (part) sections.
Whips have one to two feet of stem above ground on which to develop leaves.
Whips have two key tasks.
Whips watersports watersports clip watersports watersports.
Whips work best.
Most whips are used by jockeys.
Most whips come in shapes.
A whiplash injury is an injury
Whiplash injuries are soft tissue injuries.
Whiplash injuries can range from mild muscle strain to even death.
Whiplash injuries have a reputation for being persistent.
All whiplash injuries resolve within eight weeks and require no further medical care.
A whiplash is a blow
Whiplash affects half of all American drivers who have suffered rear-end accidents.
Whiplash also herds other critters such as chickens, ducks, geese, etc.
Whiplash can also cause a stretching injury to the neck ligaments .
Whiplash can be deadly.
Whiplash can occur when the child's head sticks up above the seat back.
Whiplash causes fracture of odontoid and displaced spinal cord.
Whiplash demonstrates the meeting of an engineer's template and a pressure-sensitive input device.
Whiplash is a common injury.
Whiplash is a neck sprain in which the ligaments that connect the spine are stretched or torn.
Whiplash is a pain in the neck.
Whiplash is an injury to the upper spinal column.
Whiplash is backed by divine interVentures.
Whiplash is considered chronic neck and back pain as a result of car accident.
Whiplash is hard to diagnose.
Whiplash is like an epidemic disease.
Whiplash is more common in rear-end collisions, but can occur with front or side impacts.
Whiplash is no ordinary racing game.
Whiplash is real enough.
Whiplash is the most common injury in auto accidents.
Whiplash is the name and lounging is the game.
Whiplash is the prototype soft tissue neck injury.
Whiplash live. . .
Whiplash never visits the premises.
Whiplash occurs when the head is thrown backwards, usually in conjunction with rear- end impact.
Whiplash recognizes ALL racers who qualify for series awards regardless of final position.
Whiplashs are injuries.
Whiplashs are medical conditions.
Whiplash often causes nerve entrapment by the soft tissues.
Whipped butter has air forced in among the fat molecules to produce a foam.
Whipped butter is regular butter with air or inert gas whipped in.
Whipped cream floats gas in cream.
Whipped cream has a delicate structure.
Whipped cream is a bit temperamental.
Whipped cream is a colloid, since it is a gas dispersed into a liquid, otherwise known as a foam.
Whipped cream is a good alternative to maple syrup.
Whipped cream is a topping
Whipped cream is another popular food item.
Whipped cream is cream.
Whipped cream is dairy products.
Whipped cream is foam.
Whipped cream is food.
Whipped cream is located in cans.
Whipped cream is preferable.
Whipped cream is spooned onto the top just before serving.
Whipped cream is topping.
Whipped cream is used in many types of desserts .
Whipped cream is used in many types of desserts.
Whipped cream makes a nice accompaniment.
Whipped cream takes forever to wash off.
Whipped toppings require supervision.
Whipper action produces frothy head.
Some whippet brands contain oily grey residues which are likely very bad to inhale.
Whippet breeders are a close-knit community and take great care in placing their puppies.
Many Whippet items are also available in other areas of our web site.
Whippet skin is thin, rather tightly stretched, and poorly protected by the scant coat.
A whippet is a greyhound
Whippets are also prone to getting upset stomachs at times.
Whippets are dogs.
Whippets are graceful, affectionate, mild-mannered and easy to care for.
Whippets are greyhounds.
Whippets are intelligent, independent, learn quickly and become bored with repetition.
Whippets are relatively recent variety.
Whippets are swift and agile runners.
Whippets are too small to be at all useful for protection.
Whippets are very affectionate, loving animals.
Whippets benefit greatly from regular exercise.
Whippets do have a well-deserved reputation for stubbornness.
Whippets have a relatively quiet nature.
Whippets have little hair or body fat.
Whippets have to be good pets before they can be good show dogs.
Whippets learn quickly but bore easily with repetition.
Whippets love their world.
Whippets make very gentle and obedient pets since they are surprisingly sensitive and docile dogs.
Whippets always attract attention in public.
Many Whippets even enjoy playing in the snow.
Whipping cream contains nitrous oxide as the propellant.
Whipping cream is cream.
Whipping disk is perfect for creams, eggs, creaming ingredients, etc.
Whipping are beating.
Whipping are hitting.
Whipping is painful enough.
Whippings appear to have been the primary motivation of most escape attempts.
More whipping follows.
Some whipping does occur in initiation into certain rites.
Whipple shields protect all components at closest approach and orbital plane passage.
A whippoorwill is a bird
Whippoorwills spend winters in Central and South America.
Whippoorwills still make their sad call at night.
A whipsaw is a saw
Whipsaws are a drag but they are also inevitable when trading a breakout system.
Whipsaws can generate commissions that can eat away profits and test trading stamina.
A whipsnake is a colubrid
Whipsnakes do their best hunting in the morning.
Whiptail catfishes require oxygenate water.
Whiptail catfishes require water.
Most whiptail catfish require highly oxygenated water and prefer a hefty current.
Most whiptail catfishes require oxygenate water.
Most whiptail catfishes require water.
A whiptail lizard is a lizard
Whiptail lizards are lizards.
Whiptail lizards bolt in straight lines across the desert floor.
Whiptail lizards dart on patrol through the brush in search of insects.
Whiptail lizards eat scorpions.
Most whiptail lizards eat scorpions.
All whiptail species employ essentially the same feeding strategy.
A whiptail is a lizard
Whiptail isa lizard.
Whiptails are long, slender lizards with pointed snouts and extremely long tails.
Whiptails are probably the most underrated catfishes in the hobby.
Whiptails are quite common here.
Whiptails feed on a variety of terrestrial invertebrates and occasionally on smaller lizards.
Whiptails have (part) brains.
Whiptails have (part) breasts.
Whiptails have (part) cell membranes.
Whiptails have (part) cells.
Whiptails have (part) chest cavities.
Whiptails have (part) chests.
Whiptails have (part) corpi.
Whiptails have (part) cytoplasm.
Whiptails have (part) ears.
Whiptails have (part) faces.
Whiptails have (part) heads.
Whiptails have (part) nuclei.
Whiptails have (part) pedal extremities.
Whiptails have (part) plasma membranes.
Whiptails have (part) rib cages.
Whiptails have (part) sections.
Whiptails have (part) skulls.
Whiptails have (part) sterna.
Whiptails have (part) vacuoles.
Whiptails have (part) vertebrate feet.
Whiptails have bellies.
Whiptails have large, square belly scales arranged lengthwise and transverse rows.
Whiptails live in the Southwest, Mexico and South America and are the only known unisexual reptile.
Whiptails seem to travel faster when in the open, relying primarily on vision to detect prey.
Most whiptails have bellies.
Some whiptails are very unusual in that their population consist entirely of females.
Some whiptails eat arthropods.
Some whiptails eat insects.
Some whiptails emerge from hibernation.
Some whiptails have stripes.
Some whiptails have types.
Some whiptails occur in grassland.
Some whirl movement facilitates ingestion.
Whirligig beetles undergo complete metamorphosis.
Whirligig beetles undergo metamorphosis.
Most whirligig beetles undergo complete metamorphosis.
Most whirligig beetles undergo metamorphosis.
A whirligig is a ride
Whirligig isa plaything.
Whirligig isa toy.
Whirligigs are whimsical, wind-driven expressions of folk art.
Whirligigs can also help scare away furry critters that want to munch garden plants.
Whirligigs have (part) sections.
Whirlpool tubs are another area where bath plans often founder.
Whirlpool tubs are available in four locations.
Whirlpool tubs are available in some rooms.
Whirlpool tubs have the ability to add many operating options and pump locations.
Whirlpool tubs please guests who seek comforts beyond the usual.
Whirlpool is bodies of water.
Whirlpool is current
Whirlpool is current.
Whirlpool is mechanical devices.
Whirlpools also appear in the rock paintings found in other states.
Whirlpools also are popular.
Whirlpools are appropriate for treating a person with venous insufficiency.
Whirlpools come in a variety of sizes for different applications.
Whirlpools come in all sizes, colors and price ranges.
Whirlpools come in comparable sizes.
Whirlpools come in various shapes and sizes, but all work on the same principles.
Whirlpools depart from the vintage theme for a bit of pampering.
Whirlpools develop that make it impossible to hold a steady course.
Whirlpools drag things to the surface.
Whirlpools help heal granulating ulcers.
Whirlpools help keep the back limber, and yes, swimming provides good exercise without back stress.
Whirlpools provide the effects of gentle massage and superficial heat.
Many whirlpools follow the contours of the body.
A whirlwind is windstorm
Whirlwinds are one of the remarkable characteristics that differentiate it from the dense avalanche.
Whirlwinds can be a nuisance, but they can help, too.
Whirlwinds occur all over the world and in any season.
A whirlybird is an aircraft
Whirlybirds can fly farther and faster than ever.
Whis website is out of order.
A whisk is a mixer
Whisk froth into soup.
Whisk isa mixer.
Whisks have (part) sections.
Some whisks are long and narrow, others are more like big balloons.
Whisker gentlemen wear hats.
Whisker gentlemen wear top hats.
Most whisker gentlemen wear hats.
Most whisker gentlemen wear top hats.
A whisker is hair
Whisker isa body part.
Whiskers add to the Oriental expression.
Whiskers also aid in hunting.
Whiskers also reduce ductility and fracture toughness.
Whiskers are also part of the cat's touch sensory mechanism.
Whiskers are also prominent.
Whiskers are extremely sensitive because they are closely connected to the nervous system.
Whiskers are few and short.
Whiskers are hair.
Whiskers are just visible.
Whiskers are mixed gray.
Whiskers are more than twice as thick as ordinary hairs.
Whiskers are never all black, some are white or partly white.
Whiskers are part of cats.
Whiskers are present on the snout and above the eyes.
Whiskers are singed off, fur is singed.
Whiskers are so sensitive that they can detect the slightest directional change in a breeze.
Whiskers are sparse and short.
Whiskers are the same shade of brown as the coat.
Whiskers are thick, long hairs on each side of a cat's face.
Whiskers are two to three times thicker than the cat's hair.
Whiskers become more important to blind cats to judge the cat's proximity to an object.
Whiskers can be metallic or inorganic compounds.
Whiskers can be very short or missing.
Whiskers can cause electrical malfunctions by bridging circuit elements.
Whiskers can fix what ever gets broken.
Whiskers detect vibration.
Whiskers extend from sides.
Whiskers grow on tin, zinc, cadmium, and silver and can grow long enough to short out circuitry.
Whiskers has no front claws only back.
Whiskers have (part) corpi.
Whiskers have a considerable assembly of dedicated nerves that go direct to the brain.
Whiskers help a cat measure the width of an opening.
Whiskers help a cat navigate at night and help it determine if it can fit through small spaces.
Whiskers help cats avoid obstacles, even in total darkness.
Whiskers is a gentle full grown cat.
Whiskers is the snuggler.
Whiskers mean different things to different animals, but they are always there for a reason.
Whiskers twitch and then paws jerk.
Whiskers twitch, twitch, twitch.
Whiskers vibrate as the air moves.
Most whiskers detect vibration.
Most whiskers extend from sides.
Some whiskers come into contact.
Some whiskers cover ears.
Some whiskers have structures.
Some whiskers help food.
Some whiskers look like legs.
Whiskey Creek is an angel company.
Whiskey Creek keeps things interesting.
Whiskey is alcoholic drinks.
Whiskey is liquor
Whiskey is liquor.
Whiskey is located in bars.
Whiskey is located in liquor stores.
Whiskey is six dollars a shot.
Whiskeys are aged in barrels.
Some whiskeys just happen to be better than others.
Whisky punch is served cold, while whisky toddy is always served hot.
Whisky tasting is both science and art.
Whisky tastings are a good way to sample the differences in flavor.
Whisky is carriage.
Whisky is hard liquor.
Whisky is liquor
Whisky is located in bars.
Whisky is located in jars.
Whisky is used for drinking.
Whisky stands still, stiffening, almost like a young officer saluting agroup of seniors.
All whiskies are distillery bottlings unless otherwise indicated.
Some whiskies just happen to be better than others.
Whisper numbers are controversial.
Whisper numbers are the market's real expectation for a company's earnings.
Whisper numbers are the numbers the street is looking for.
A whisper is a speaking
Whisper is a fabulous new smart prop bodice.
Whisper is a 'fisherman-friendly' boat.
Whisper is a record packaged for adults in the same heavenly style.
Whisper is a smooth ride, going english or western.
Whisper is a very lovely whiteface American cinnamon.
Whisper is designed to be easy to use.
Whisper is our baby now.
Whisper is the culprit.
Whisper Is what half the kids in the room are doing.
Whisper loves music, especially Celtic and Classical.
Whisper offers a choice of wood or carbon-fiberglass blades.
Whisper reduces noise levels and retards the spread of fire.
Whisper sends private messages to a single user.
Whisper takes all factors into consideration.
Whispers are for secrets only.
Whispers are intangible since the dead have long breathed their last.
Whispers are like daggers.
Whispers are speaking.
Whispers are welcome, anonymous or otherwise.
Whispers especially prides itself on such attention to detail.
Whispers features only the finest products to do the job right.
Whispers invoke fear and intrigue, and make people want to be included.
Whispers is especially interested in young ladies who are stylish, charming and adventurous.
Whispers is extremely picky when it comes to choosing girls.
Whispers is in charge of all article layups.
Whispers learns to trumpet and becomes a hero.
Whispers never misrepresents names, ages, races, heights, weights or any other characteristics.
Whispers offers unparalleled exclusivity.
Whispers prefers applications with current pictures.
Whispers selects girls who maintain healthy lifestyles.
Whispers show up in our lives as coincidence or synchronicity.
Whispers surround suicide because of powerful social taboos.
Whispers often heal.
A whisperer is a speaker
Some whisperers have other agendas.
Whispering bells is a yellow flower that clings to the stem when dry and rustles in the wind.
Whispering pines says it all.
Whispering are speaking.
Whist capitalism is the major force in global economics, it serves a minority of people well.
A whistle is wind
Whistle blows and rehearsal begins.
Whistle blows and the shooter gathers the first ball and shoots it toward the goal.
Whistle blows and the shooter scoops the first ball and shoots it toward the goal.
Whistle blows for lunch.
Whistle blows for second half.
Whistle comes in a beautiful fitted wooden case.
Whistle fades out.
Whistle stops, dorms.
Whistles also are necessary, cheap and light.
Whistles also signal penalty.
Whistles are also a good idea to carry in case of an emergency.
Whistles are available at various community venues.
Whistles are devices.
Whistles are here of course, plus much, much more.
Whistles are located in swimming pools.
Whistles are no problem and making noise for kids is no problem.
Whistles are portable, cheap, readily available, and easy to play.
Whistles are signals.
Whistles are sound.
Whistles are to be used only in an emergency.
Whistles are tonal in quality, like a high musical note or a dog whistle.
Whistles are very old instruments.
Whistles are very useful for keeping the group in touch over the noise of the river.
Whistles are wind instruments.
Whistles blown by mouth near captive deer produce no response.
Whistles dangle around our necks.
Whistles travel well at ground level due to their frequency and structure.
All whistles come with a black wrist lanyard.
All whistles come with neck carrying strap, and have a full set of how play instructions.
Every whistle can also play in other keys, with varying degrees of difficulty.
Every whistle is tested in our own anechoic chamber before it leaves our works.
Many whistles have the head glued or securely jammed into the barrel.
Some whistles are unstable.
Some whistles have a small ball bounces around inside the cavity.
A whistleblower is a source
Whistleblowers are conscientious and courageous workers who are of great benefit to any society.
Whistleblowers are employees on trains who warn people to get off the tracks.
Whistleblowers are films.
Whistleblowers are heros.
Whistleblowers can identify corporate or government abuse while reducing their risk of detection.
Whistleblowers commonly face harassment, social ostracism, demotion and being fired.
Whistleblowers describe the work as modern slavery.
Whistleblowers do so at their peril.
Whistleblowers face severe retaliation from their employers.
Whistleblowers go public under often adverse circumstances.
Whistleblowers looking for lawyers can find referrals here.
Whistleblowers prove to be powerful witnesses on the stand.
Whistleblowers tend to be hardworking and conscientious employees who believe that the system works.
Whistleblowers often lose their jobs.
Whistleblowers often think they are legally protected from retaliation.
Many whistleblowers are subject to bullying, as are many other workers.
Most whistleblowers undergo similar experiences.
Whistler Village is a charming blend of European and West Coast styles.
Whistler Village is a cosmopolitan mixture of shops, restaurants and entertainment.
Whistler Village is a year-round attraction.
Whistler Village is compact.
Whistler Village is like the Canadian version of Disneyland.
Whistler village is surrounded by lush forests, clear lakes, and mountain peaks.
A whistler is a communicator
Whistler asks nothing more of the viewer than to except that it be a work of art.
Whistler becomes a base for logging and mining.
Whistler boasts gourmet restaurants, intriguing shops and a bounty of recreational activities.
Whistler can help.
Whistler dies lower cost and increase our profits.
Whistler differs from most Rocky Mountain resorts in several other ways.
Whistler explains the swiftness of the whole process in three words.
Whistler features plenty of terrain where even a slightly drunk mortal can feel like a hero.
Whistler has lots of different accommodations in every budget range.
Whistler has plenty of options other than downhill skiing.
Whistler introduces a new color scheme for windows that stuck behind open modal dialogs.
Whistler is a busy place.
Whistler is a four season world class resort community.
Whistler is a great year-round location for student travel.
Whistler is a leading maker of radar detectors.
Whistler is a nighmare to park and many hotels tend to take advantage of it.
Whistler is a sprawling town jammed with more boarders than any other Canadian resort.
Whistler is a vibrant, young, energetic growing community.
Whistler is a world-renowned resort ideal for a day or week getaway.
Whistler is a year round resort offering a golfing experience .
Whistler is a year round resort offering a vacation experience .
Whistler is a year round resort offering a wealth of accommodations to suit every pocket.
Whistler is a year round resort offering a wealth of activities to suit every age and level.
Whistler is a year round resort offering a wedding experience .
Whistler is a year round resort offering a winter sports experience .
Whistler is a year round resort offering an entertainment experience .
Whistler is a year round resort.
Whistler is absolutely beautiful and offers tons of activities for all ages.
Whistler is an all-season resort, with four golfcourses, mountain trails, fishing and biking.
Whistler is as much the playland of Island residents as it is of the rich and famous.
Whistler is considered a pedestrian village with all services and attractions a short walk away.
Whistler is exceedingly skier-friendly, especially with the helpful volunteer guides.
Whistler is expensive.
Whistler is in the middle of a pretty dry spell.
Whistler is most famous as a world class ski resort.
Whistler is no different.
Whistler is one of most recognized four-season mountain resorts in North America.
Whistler is perfect for families, singles, couples . .
Whistler is primarily an update of the client, or desktop, operating system.
Whistler is ranked the top ski resort in North America.
Whistler is represented with three prints.
Whistler is scheduled to be ready for commercial shipments in the second half of next year.
Whistler is shown in an uncharacteristically refined pose.
Whistler is so safe.
Whistler is the code name.
Whistler is the perfect travel destination for all ages.
Whistler is the resort with something for every skier.
Whistler is very family oriented.
Whistler is without doubt one of the finest year-round resorts there is.
Whistler is, The largest ski area in Canada and on the continent.
Whistler is, too.
Whistler now has some more bragging rights over all other ski resorts in the world.
Whistler offers a summer mountain playground for kids of all ages.
Whistler offers a unique shopping experience.
Whistler officially opens for skiing.
Whistler plumbs the psyches of men who embody the faggot stereotype.
Whistler promises revolution.
Whistler seems to rake in more money than it knows what to do with.
Whistler there s even more reason to delay, in the minds of some.
Whistler truly has something for everyone.
Whistler waves generation and current closure by a pulsed tether in ionospheric plasmas.
Whistlers are categorized according to hops.
Whistlers are great for casting the shallows, around creeks, rivers and shorelines.
Whistlers are produced by lightning strikes.
Whistlers are sferics that are dispersed even more than tweeks.
Whistlers are spooky.
Whistlers follow field-aligned ducts of enhanced ionisation through the magnetosphere.
Whistlers quasilinear theory.
Whistlings are human activities.
Whistlings are music.
Some whit clay is made of feldspars.
Whit isa indefinite quantity.
White activists finding ways to show solidarity and act as allies with people of color is critical.
White actors have disproportionately more opportunities in the industry than Asian actors do.
White adolescents have fewer demons to deal with.
White adolescents have the highest smoking rates.
A white alder is a tree
White alder has a quick growth and a relatively short life span, as do most riparian trees.
White alder is a good indicator of the presence of flowing surface water.
White alerts remain white after being dispositioned.
White alligators can survive only in captivity.
White alyssum is good because it adds a mass of white.
White amber is considered to be the most curative.
White ancestors lead to white offspring, and blacks to black ones.
White Angelica is here to bring a sense of strength and protection.
A white ant is an insect
White ants are insects.
White ants are one of the most dreadful pests in the garden, which can kill plants is a short time.
White ants cause serious damage to trees at all ages.
White ants eat out the core of the tree and branches.
White ants prefer wood.
White apes fly over the city on their malagor dropping bombs on the nearly defenseless people.
White apple le a fhopper adults are emerging now.
White apple leafhopper injury to foliage.
White area is dilatational region at the source and black is compressional region.
White area is skeleton recently stripped of coral tissue by the advancing disease.
White areas are areas of no data.
White areas are bare coral skeleton from which coral tissue has recently decomposed.
White areas are clouds and dense aerosols.
White areas are different shades of white ranging from pure white to orangish or a light brown.
White areas are existing land.
White areas are high ozone levels, black areas represent low ozone.
White areas are iron metal, grays titanium dioxide.
White areas are nahcolite alteration.
White areas are often present on the belly, neck, and above the hooves.
White areas are opaque, and black areas are transparent.
White areas are regions of no net change.
White areas are the dysplastic areas.
White areas are the most salient and dark areas are the least.
White areas have a smooth finish while black ones are painted with broad systematic strokes.
White areas have no data coverage.
White areas have no multibeam data.
White areas indicate a lack of data for that region.
White areas indicate data gaps.
White areas indicate problems on powerline.
White areas indicate regions inaccessible to measurements because of a lack of data or clouds.
White areas indicate reports to be produced or upcoming meetings.
White areas remain, blacks become lighter in high contrast lighting.
White areas represent sparse population.
White areas show areas of disbond and dark areas show differently oriented grains in the aluminum.
White areas show glaciers and ice sheets around the world.
White areas show ice sheets and other glaciers around the world.
All white area are transparent and grey areas are partially transparent.
White arrow denotes convergence at the surface location of the dryline.
White arrow indicates increased expression in the nephrostomes of the nephric tubules.
White arrow indicates isolated ammonite shown below.
White arrow indicates prominent sclerocorneal nerve.
White arrow shows opaque, damaged cornea.
White arrow shows other bacteria living in association with the cyanobacteria.
White arrows are motion vectors and black arrows are principal stress directions.
White arrows highlight pleural surface.
White arrows identify the gelatinous mucus that fills the cyst.
White arrows indicate heterocysts identified from light micrographs.
White arrows indicate macronuclei and red arrows indicate micronuclei.
White arrows indicate parental macronucleus.
White arrows indicate red-fluorescent amoebal cysts.
White arrows indicate reference points for comparison. .
White arrows indicate the normal progression through the ovule development pathway.
White arrows indicate the timing of stimulation.
White arrows point to bosselated yellowish tan mass with a smooth external contour.
White arrows point to bulging, fungating cervical carcinoma, protruding through the cervical os.
White arrows point to edges of pulmonary artery showing a yellow surface.
White arrows point to granular, gray white mass filling the sinus.
White arrows point to left vocal cord which is distorted by a granular neoplasm.
White arrows point to neoplasm.
White arrows point to the margin of the placental disc.
White arrows point to very enlarged air spaces with blue background shining through.
White arrows show features surrounding the nearest volcano.
White arrows show the direction of the ancient flow.
White arrows show the path of air through the lumen.
Some white arrows indicate positions.
White arrowhead indicates pronephric duct expression.
White arrowheads indicate an example of the specific cell types indicated in each column.
White asbestos is the asbestos mined and most commonly used in North America.
White ash continues to remain white even when burnt again.
White ash grows over most of the state on moist, deep, well-drained soils in small isolated stands.
White ash has a lower top weight than either beech or sugar maple.
White ash has a one-winged, dry, flattened samara with a full, rounded, seed cavity.
White ash is a very common tree in the campus quadrangle and natural area.
White ash is all that remains of black flesh after flame.
White ash is an eucalyptus tree
White ash is an important hardwood timber tree.
White ash is ash.
White ash is easy to work.
White ash is known for purplish fall color.
White ash is native over much of eastern Iowa.
White ash is shown here.
White ash is the best wood to use to make a bat.
White ash is the largest and most valuable of the ash species in Iowa.
White ash is used extensively in the manufacture of sporting goods.
White ash is used for the inwales and stems, while the hull is trimmed with oak gunwales.
White ash provides the finest wood for baseball bats.
White ash sustains permanent and often rapid decline in tree growth.
White asparagus has a more delicate flavor than green or purple asparagus.
White asparagus has a stronger more earthy taste.
White asparagus has flavor.
White asparagus is grown completely underground to keep it from turning green.
White asparagus is grown underneath a mound of dirt that keeps the stalks from turning green.
White asparagus is simply green asparagus that has been covered with soil to blanch out the color.
White asparagus is the same as green asparagus but grown without daylight.
White asparagus is the type that is most popular in Northern Europe.
White asparagus requires different preparation and cooking methods than green asparagus.
White asparagus tends to be thick and smoother than the green spears.
Most white asparagus has flavor.
White athletes have a greater proportion of fat and less muscle.
White audiences are ready to see series featuring people of color.
White audiences go on listening, black artists go on making music.
White axolotls are white or pinkish in color, with black eyes.
White axolotls have black eyes and pinkish skin.
White babies fall asleep, the stories of the gods in their ears.
White background allows maximum comparison between gels.
White background becomes black, black lines become white, red becomes blue, etc.
White background disappears.
White background give the best results.
White background makes reading easy, and it ia almost like a newspaper.
White background makes slides visible.
White background see a page with a white background .
White backgrounds are away games, black are home games.
White backgrounds are the most readable, but very light colours can work well too.
A white backlash is a backlash
White backlash is then reasonable.
White bags are by far the best in the tropics.
White bait is a small three to four inch fish with white sides and a greenish back.
White balance can also be preset or customized via a white-paper shooting feature.
White balance leaves most of the warmth of incandescent in the image.
White balls count according to marked score.
White balls swing more.
White bands are flatwoven, with cotton wefts and wool pile decoration.
White bands represent chemotactically oriented cells.
Some white bands run along sides.
White bankers are more comfortable dealing with whites than blacks.
White banners line the gallery walls behind the bamboo.
White bars adorn the wing and tail tips.
White bark contrasts with copper colored branches.
White barrel can accommodate up to a four-color imprint.
White baskets speak for themselves.
White bass are better, hitting jigging spoons or minnows off the flats near dropoffs.
White bass are fast growing fish that travel in large schools.
White bass are fast growing predators.
White bass are fun to catch but they have another important role in the state's fisheries program.
White bass are hot around creek mouths as well.
White bass are locally popular sportfish.
White bass are related to striped bass and yellow bass.
White bass are relatively short-lived, usually living only about four years.
White bass are the main event, especially for bank anglers.
White bass eat shad, and lots of em.
White bass feed primarily on other fish and insects.
White bass have one set of teeth on their on ther tonque.
White bass live in fresh water and also run up river to spawn.
White bass move to tributary streams or shoals to spawn in the spring.
White bass provide an excellent fishery, especially during summer and fall.
White bass remain fair.
A white basswood is a lime tree
White basswood grows in all five States.
A white bead is a poisonous plant
White beads make up the flowers.
White beads turn brown or yellow indicating exhaustion.
A white bean is a common bean
White beans are also a nice addition to the soup.
White beans are sweet.
White beans break up the dark color of the dish, making it more visually appealing.
White beans have a more similar taste.
White bear is reported good for the pan fish.
Some white bears live in chinas.
White bedclothes hang undulant in song.
White bedrooms are always attractive.
A white beer is ale
White beers are full of character and refreshing.
White beeswax is made that way by bleaching it.
Some white bellies absorb heat.
White belts are in the rear, closest to the door.
White bergs hold many trapped air bubbles.
White berries stay on through winter.
White berries turn brown, and dark berries become reddish.
White birch is a birch tree
White birch is cut from sapwood.
White birch is the state tree of New Hampshire and the provincial tree of New Brunswick, Canada.
White birds fly forever over a landscape of twinkling lights and trees.
White birds fly in and out of the curtain and suddenly a giant shrouded figure looms up.
White birds have a clear beak with no stains.
White birds stand on the backs of cows, hitching a slow ride to nowhere in particular.
Most white birds are of considerable size, and well able to look after themselves.
Some white birds perch on windowpanes.
Some white birds resemble swans.
White bison are extremely rare, historically appearing only once in every five million births.
White blobs correspond to adsorbed pyridine molecules.
White block is the electric heater.
White blockers peel back and block the blue players to create a seam.
White blooms appear just as the leaves come out.
White blooms are similar to other mints.
White blossoms resemble flowers.
White blossoms resemble magnolia flowers.
Most white blossoms resemble flowers.
Most white blossoms resemble magnolia flowers.
White blotches appear on leaves.
White board cleaning solution and board wipes are also available.
White board exercises.
White board tilts and locks at any angle.
White boards are also available in each classroom.
White boards are available for lectures in the dry lab and on the upper deck.
White boards are available in each room.
White boards are easier to read when the writing is in colour.
White boards are generally a sign of a well-managed call centre.
White boards are group presentations in the labs, and require no written report.
White boards are just fancy chalk boards that use felt pens instead of chalk.
White boards cover one or two walls of the studio.
White boards detail pending jobs and programming particulars.
White bodice has little red ladybugs on it.
White body splashes.
A white book is a report
White books are everywhere, surrounded by black words.
White books are under review by the initial technical panel.
White border allows message frame to be added without taking away from the design.
White border trim with long green tassels.
White borders offset the colorful images.
White borders take as much space as the image.
White box is already a problem.
White box shows suction disk.
White boxes are an enigma.
White boxes are for values that are calculated and displayed automatically.
White boxes are under construction.
White boxes are untranslated regions, and black boxes represent exons in the open reading frame.
White boxes identify valid motion regions.
White boxes indicate as yet unbuilt letters.
White boxes indicate recommended ages for interventions.
White boxes represent the time of lights on and black boxes represent lights off.
White boxes show respective regions deleted in both genes.
Some white boxes protect instruments.
Some white boxers have chances.
White boys can dance.
White boys have no one to point to.
Some white boys prowl.
Some white boys snatch a colored boy's sandwich.
White bra has polyester cups.
White bran is less obvious than red bran in flour and food products.
White bran is much less obvious than red bran in flour and food products.
White bread contains iron, niacin and calcium.
White bread contains some fibre but less than wholemeal.
White bread contains very little fiber, but is usually enriched.
White bread counts as a vegetable side.
White bread has almost as many carbohydrates as whole-grain bread and contains no more fat.
White bread has very little fiber but whole wheat bread is a good source.
White bread is bread
White bread is bread.
White bread is far from worthless.
White bread is filled with empty calories.
White bread is low in fiber.
White bread is milled from only the endosperm.
White bread reflects more radiation than brown bread, which is why it appears whiter.
White bread supplies about half of that percentage.
Some white bread has indexes.
Some white bread has lower values.
Some white bread has values.
White breaks open the centre with advantage.
White breeches are to be worn only with scarlet coats.
White bristle comes in many grades.
White bronze is satin polished.
White bronze is silver in color and takes a polish equal to the most precious metals.
A white bryony is a vine
White bryony is used for dyspepsia, rising especially after having eaten, mostly bitter or sour.
White bryony is used for suppressed menses, menstruation too early and too profuse.
White buckskin has traces of red ochre paint.
White buffalo is the considered incredible sanctified.
White bugs are worth two points.
White building is on top of seismometer vault.
White bulls defend territory.
Most white bulls defend territory.
White buoys mark the two goal lines and the half-distance line.
White cabbages are predominant.
White cabinets provide a clean look, and a ceramic tile floor offers easy cleanup and durability.
White cabinets sparkle against laminate countertops done in verdi green with a frosty white bevel.
White calcite is copious.
White calves remain white throughout their lives.
White camas is very common plant along the dry dunes and backshore in areas of full sun.
White camels are a rare, prized, and valuable possession.
White camphor is a lso used in detergents, soaps, disinfectants, deodorants, room sprays, etc.
White canaries are excessively rare, while white budgerigars are unknown.
White candle is vanilla-scented.
White candles are bullish and black candles are bearish.
White candles go through a mechanical whitening process that contains no chemicals.
White candlestick rises to meet a sharp black leatherette shade with fine gold trim.
White canes are about inch in diameter and made of aluminum, graphite, or fiberglass.
White caps appear as waves cross it.
Some white capsules surround testes.
White cars are safest of all.
White cards refer to patented tracts and pink cards refer to unpatented tracts.
White carnations indicate pure love and good luck.
White carnations indicate purity, love, peace, tranquility, and good fortune.
White carnations represent the sweetness, purity and endurance of mother love.
White carrots are devoid of carotenoids.
White castles kingside.
White cats are a symbol of good luck in America, while black cats are a sign of bad luck.
White cats are also more likely to get skin cancer.
White cats are reputed to be timid or a little dim.
White cats are true phenomena, in so many ways.
White catfish are similar and found statewide, but lack speckling and are smaller.
White catfish feed mostly on the bottom where they eat other fish and aquatic insects.
White cattle guard in left corner.
White cedar trees grow in meadows.
White cedar gets windthrown and if patches are large enough leads to wildfire.
White cedar is a cedar tree
White cedar is an extremely durable wood that naturally resists rot.
White cedar is native to the northern Minnesota bog country and thrives in wetter, organic soils.
White cedar is naturally insect and rot resistant, non-toxic and safe to handle.
White cedar is the best decking material available.
White cedar likes high humidity and tolerates wet soils.
White cedar stands in northern Florida.
A white cell is a corpuscle
White cell is skipped and while cells can be filled in the left side.
White cells appear first after a bone marrow transplant.
White cells are found in the circulatory system, lymphatic system, spleen, and other body tissues.
White cells are irregular in shape and size, but generally are larger than the red cells.
White cells are major weapons in the infection-fighting arsenal of mammals.
White cells are motile with specialised functions.
White cells are part of the immune system.
White cells are short-lived scavengers and survive only a few days.
White cells are small and relatively round, while opaque cells are large and elongated.
White cells contain information from older versions.
White cells do various things in skin diseases.
White cells fight infection and harmful substances that invade the body.
White cells fight infection.
White cells have many shapes and sizes.
White cells help fight infection.
White cells indicate open lab times.
White cells leave blood vessels and enter tissues.
White cells look good.
White cells play a key role in the immune system's ability to fight infection.
White cells protect donor blood against bacterial contamination.
White cells turn into black and black cells turn into white.
Most white cells are neutrophils, which attack and engulf bacteria.
White centers feather out to the petal edge.
White chairs have a white metal frame with white contour seat and back.
White chalk prevents tarnish.
White cheese wraps.
White children are four times more likely than black children to be born with webbed fingers.
White children are now a minority in London's schools.
White children drop out at lesser rates.
White children move from left to right and Black from right to left.
White children welcome help - they are receptive students.
White chili is has become almost as popular as regular red chili.
White chin is required, also white ruff and stomach.
White chocolate can be stubborn about melting.
White chocolate comes from white cacao beans.
White chocolate contains butters.
White chocolate contains cocoa butter, sugar, milk, but no chocolate liquor.
White chocolate contains cocoa butters.
White chocolate contains no chocolate liquor, but only cocoa butter, sugar, milk, and flavorings.
White chocolate has no chocolate liquor in it whatsoever.
White chocolate has no cocoa solids which is where the caffeine is.
White chocolate is a confection of fat and sugar and contains no antioxidants at all.
White chocolate is a mix of milk solids, cocoa butter and sugar and contains no cocoa solids.
White chocolate is a mixture of cocoa butter, sugar, milk and vanilla flavoring.
White chocolate is almost impossible to find in most supermarkets.
White chocolate is also much milder, so the flavors are different.
White chocolate is chocolate
White chocolate is chocolate.
White chocolate is even more sensitive to heat.
White chocolate is food.
White chocolate is is obtained by mixing cocoa butter, sugar and milk.
White chocolate is made from cocoa butter, milk solids, sugar and vanilla.
White chocolate is made from cocoa butter, sugar, milk and flavouring such as vanilla.
White chocolate is made from cocoa butter, sugar, milk, and flavoring.
White chocolate is made from combining cocoa butter, milk, and sugar.
White chocolate is made from fresh or dried milk, flavorings, sugar and cocoa butter.
White chocolate is made of cocoa butter , milk , and sugar .
White chocolate is made of cocoa butter, milk, and sugar.
White chocolate is made without chocolate liquor.
White chocolate is more difficult to work with when making candies.
White chocolate is the most fragile form of chocolate.
White chocolate is white.
White chocolate Melt each chocolate in the microwave, in separate bowls.
Most white chocolate contains butters.
Most white chocolate contains cocoa butters.
White cigarettes are primarily an up-market, urban product in Indonesia.
White circles are females.
White circles indicate the position and size of the stimulating electrode.
White circles lack statistical significance but have the same polarity as an adjacent black circle.
White circles show violations.
Some white circles represent locations.
White citizen are tired.
White citizens are more satisfied with their police services than black citizens.
Some white citizens worry about retribution.
Some white clams live in communities.
White clay is more difficult to work with than the other colors.
White clays avoid staining clothes too.
Some white clay is made of feldspars.
White cliffs rise up on either side blanketing it from the world.
Most white clones appear black under a dissecting microscope.
White cloth absorbs virtually no light, which is why it remains cool.
White cloth has some brown spots.
White cloth makes just about anybody look good.
White cloth reflects light.
White cloths cover tables for dinner, bringing a more formal feel.
White clothing causes a glare on camera.
White clothing is an image of glory.
White clothing represents living a simple life, a pure life.
White clothing tends to get dirty and stain fast.
All white clothing is great.
White clouds are native to streams in Southern China where they are now thought to be extinct.
White clouds are readily available from most pet, aquarium, and department stores.
White clouds are very docile, small, cooler water fish.
White clouds pass like rich men with saints in their pockets.
White clouds swirl in the atmosphere, and blue oceans cover much of the planet.
Some white clouds compose of crystal.
Some white clouds compose of ice crystal.
White clover becomes weeds.
White clover can also be no-till seeded into existing grass pastures.
White clover can cause bloat in ruminants when they graze clover-rich swards or pure clover.
White clover can withstand both continuous stocking and rotational grazing.
White clover contains twice as much magnesium as timothy.
White clover establishes slowly but has vigorous growth once well established.
White clover grows mostly in temperate regions.
White clover grows well on sites that are too wet for either red clover or alfalfa.
White clover has a circumboreal distribution.
White clover has a high potential for bloating.
White clover has a poor tolerance to flooding.
White clover has a shallow root system which make it intolerant of droughty soils.
White clover has several soil nutrient requirements for satisfactory establishment and growth.
White clover is a broadleaf perennial that used to be included in grass seed mixes.
White clover is a low-growing perennial.
White clover is a nickel excluder.
White clover is a non-native clover that blooms throughout the summer and into the fall.
White clover is a shade tolerant, low-growing, perennial legume.
White clover is a shallow-rooted perennial that makes little growth during hot dry summer weather.
White clover is a smaller variety of the clover.
White clover is a stoloniferous plant with a shallow root system.
White clover is a widely used component in pastures around the world.
White clover is about the only choice left.
White clover is classified as clover.
White clover is clover
White clover is clover.
White clover is common in horse pasture mixes.
White clover is distributed throughout the United States.
White clover is good stuff again.
White clover is grown for livestock grazing, soil improvement, and erosion control.
White clover is highly palatable whether as silage, hay or when grazed at a leafy stage.
White clover is in full bloom and very prevalent in many lawns.
White clover is native to Europe and Asia, but has become naturalized in much of the United States.
White clover is one of the most nutritious forages available for milking cows.
White clover is one of the most nutritious forages available.
White clover is one of the most sensitive common species.
White clover is raised as a winter annual in the South, where drought and diseases weaken stands.
White clover is that little clover that shows up in lawn mixtures.
White clover is used widely in renovation of permanent pastures lacking legumes.
White clover needs adequate phosphorus and potassium for establishment, persistence and growth.
White clover occurs in most ecosystems.
White clover occurs in pasture.
White clover produces stems.
White clover thrives in climates.
White clovers vary in growth height.
Most white clover becomes weeds.
Most white clover is classified as clover.
Most white clover occurs in pasture.
Most white clover produces stems.
Some white clover has petioles.
Some white clover has requirements.
Some white clover has soil nutrient requirements.
White coat is optional, but please wear name tag.
White coats are out.
White coats help hares.
White coats help predators.
Most white coats help hares.
Most white coats help predators.
Some white coats help heat.
White coating makes it easy to see any urine that has been spayed on the cage bars.
White cockatoos call incessantly all night and day in the park in the center of town.
A white cockle is a catchfly
White cockle is a biennial or short-lived perennial weed.
White collar is distinct.
White collar is white collar.
White colobus monkeys develop compartment stomachs.
White colobus monkeys develop stomachs.
White colobus monkeys have babies.
White colobus monkeys sit in tops.
White color can maintain the coloring of tile surfaces.
White color has slightly better reflective quality than natural metal.
White color indicates the highest level of urban development.
White color is due to absence of carbonaceous matter.
White color is recessive in rodents and sheep, but dominant in most poultry and in pigs.
White color is the mourning color.
White color is the symbol of purity, innocence, and faithfulness.
White color keeps desiccator bright so contents are easy to see.
White color represents purity and justice .
White color stands for purity.
White colors enlarge objects and dark colors do the opposite.
White colors indicate a large difference in intensity of neighboring pixels.
Some white color reflects heat.
White coloration derives from the absence of either pigment.
White coloring begins to appear when the birds approach four years of age.
All white coloring is caused by recessive genes.
White colour helps easy detection.
White colour means the 'fastest' forest.
White colour provides suitable base for any suitable subsequent coating.
White columns are for lower forty-eight United States .
White columns are for poorly recognized and shaded columns for well recognized utterances.
White columns support the roof of a wraparound front porch.
White condescension is as bad as black racism.
White conservatives play the bad cop, with their shameless attack on otherness through exclusion.
White contours are negative.
White copies are available for making handouts and transparencies.
White coral is bad news.
White corn is preferred if available.
White corn provides low, but very stable revenues because prices and yields fluctuate little.
White cotton is white cotton is white cotton.
White count continues to decrease.
White count continues to improve.
White count is usually normal or low without left shift.
White count remains normal.
White countries are very rich.
White County has a few very early records of Warren County.
White County is a rural community that provides strong support for the public schools.
White County is a wonderful place to live, work, and attend school.
White County is second in the number of producing oil wells among Illinois' counties.
White County is the name, central Arkansas is the place.
White couples looking for black men or couples are welcome also.
White coveralls protect clothing and prevent stings.
A white crappie is a crappie
White crappie are common in warm water lakes and rivers throughout the state.
White crappie come up shallow to spawn and prefer stained water.
White crappie have a tendency to quickly over-populate and stunt in small systems.
White crappies are common in Horseshoe Lake.
White crappies are crappies.
A white croaker is a croaker
White croakers swim in loose schools at or near the bottom of sandy areas.
White cross is in field.
White cross is removable during shipment.
White crosses represent lives lost from the plant's pollution.
White crosswalks indicate pedestrian crossing areas.
White crystals shimmer in the sun.
White cubes represent a female who has successfully borne a child.
White cubes represent a female who have just borne a child.
White culture finds short hair cute.
White culture is inaccessible.
White cupboards encircle a center island with range and bar, holding a built-in microwave and oven.
A white currant is a currant bush
White currants are sweeter and can be consumed fresh.
White cygnets remain white.
White deer are usually albinos.
White deposits are debris-avalanche deposits.
White desktop means black text, and vice versa.
White dial has black Roman numerals.
White dial is outlined with grooved glass and features black numerals and a polished brass bezel.
White dial offers black numerals and hands.
White dial offers brass tone hour and minute hands with a red second hand.
White diarrhoea indicates an intolerance to the milk formula.
White discharge is normal during pregnancy.
White dividers indicate linear states and black dividers indicate non-linear states.
White doctors try to dump poor black patients.
White dog is insatiable.
White dog says there is 'no' racism.
White dogs are features of the otherworld in Celtic myths.
White dogs are to be disqualified.
White dogs stay white by frequent bathing.
White dome serves as pool's filter station and contains a pump for water circulation and waterfalls.
White dot remains, and they can try again later.
White dots are mostly foreground stars in our Milky Way.
White dots are the sync pulses.
White dots coalesce to form the urban population concentrations.
White dots crisscross the earth, horizon and star-filled sky.
White dots mean the base is neutral.
White dots represent historic distribution of bowfin.
White dots represent historic distributions.
White dots represent killed vehicles.
White dots represent water-filled sinkholes in the limestone rocks of the region .
White dots represent water-filled sinkholes in the limestone rocks of the region.
White dots work the same wherever they are encounetred.
Every white dot indicates the center on which the next frame zooms.
White dove sits on top looking for land.
White doves are thought of as spirit carriers also, as well as symbols of peace.
White doves bursting into flight add a unique and romantic touch to a wedding celebration.
White doves fly and perch on the wasting crops.
White dragons like to dwell in cold regions.
White dust covers the road.
A white dwarf is a star
White dwarf seeks red giant for binary relationship.
White dwarf stars iv.
White dwarf sucks material from companion star.
White dwarfs are magazines.
White dwarfs are stars.
White dwarfs have mass.
White dwarfs have radii.
White dwarfs remain dwarfs.
White dwarfs remain white dwarfs.
Some white dwarfs are blue , instead of white .
Some white dwarfs are blue, instead of white.
White dwarfs are about the size of the Earth and appear very faint.
White dwarfs are alot like hot embers.
White dwarfs are also sometimes pulsationally unstable.
White dwarfs are among the tiniest and dimmest stars in our Milky Way galaxy.
White dwarfs are compact objects supported by degeneracy pressure.
White dwarfs are degenerate matter in a solid state.
White dwarfs are different.
White dwarfs are extremely dense, with electrons packed very closely together in their core.
White dwarfs are extremely dense.
White dwarfs are initially extremely hot.
White dwarfs are intrinsically very faint and are thus hard to detect.
White dwarfs are made up of waste products of the nuclear fusions.
White dwarfs are objects of great interest.
White dwarfs are one of the extremely dense remnants of normal stars like the sun.
White dwarfs are the commonest stars in the Galaxy.
White dwarfs are the earth-sized remains of ordinary stars like the sun.
White dwarfs are the likely progenitor of type Ia supernova.
White dwarfs are the most common kind of star in the Galaxy.
White dwarfs are the smallest and least bright of all the stars.
White dwarfs are therefore exceptionally dense bodies.
White dwarfs are usually around the same size as our earth.
White dwarfs are very compact, usually the size of the Earth, but with a mass comparable to the Sun.
White dwarfs are very heavy, very compact and very hot.
White dwarfs are very hot at first and cool over a long period of time.
White dwarfs are very hot but dim due to their small surface area.
White dwarfs are very small, typically about the size of the Earth .
White dwarfs are very, very dense.
White dwarfs are white dwarfs because electron degeneracy holds up the star against gravity.
White dwarfs are white dwarfs because they have no hydrogen to burn.
White dwarfs burn no nuclear fuel and shine by residual heat.
White dwarfs contain approximately the mass of the sun but have roughly the radius of Earth.
White dwarfs do exist.
White dwarfs have relatively low rotational velocities.
White dwarfs lack the mass for further gravitational compression to take place.
White dwarfs occur when a star runs out of energy and shuts down.
White dwarfs shine with a white hot light but once all of their energy is gone, they die.
White dwarfs shine with a white hot light.
White dwarfs start out very hot .
Most white dwarfs have mass.
Most white dwarfs have radii.
Most white dwarfs remain dwarfs.
Most white dwarfs remain white dwarfs.
Some white dwarfs are part of a binary star sytem.
Some white dwarfs are so cool they actually turn blue, giving off a unique luminosity.
Some white dwarfs become black dwarfs.
Some white dwarfs go through phases.
Some white dwarfs have almost pure hydrogen or helium atmospheres, the lightest of elements.
Some white dwarfs make bubbles.
White edge looks great and gives area for matting.
White eggs are most in demand among American buyers.
White eggs are possible, but rare.
White eggs come from white feathered hens with white ear lobes.
White eggshells have no pigment at all.
White egrets glide over the valley's pasture to their nests.
White egrets pose silently or flap lazily overhead.
White elements become black, and black elements become white.
A white elephant is a possession
White elephants are auspecious creatures which are bounded to the life of kings.
White elephants are considered holy in Thailand .
White elephants are considered holy in Thailand.
White elephants are possessions.
White elephants run rampant in Brazil.
White ellipse indicates position of true velocity anomaly.
White employees are more positive about having access to training.
White enamel dial with no chips or cracking.
White enamel dial with Roman and Arabic numerals.
White enamel dial with Roman numerals.
White enamel dial with subsidiary seconds, roman numerals, blue steel hands.
White enamel dial.
White enamel fill.
White enamel finish inside and out provides a stylish and striking showcase for the OnQ System.
White enamel finish.
White enamel trim and chrome frame.
All white entities come down in a white column of light.
White envelopes are much preferred to brown.
White executives value new management ideas from employees.
Some white extremists find it too much.
White eyes are optimal since eye color pigments fluoresce.
White eyes are sex-linked characters which are recessive to the normal red eyes.
White eyes is a sex linked recessive trait in Drosophila .
White eyes is an X-linked recessive.
White eyes stare out, Where dark eyes twinkled.
White eyebrows are conspicuous.
White faces have bright eyes.
White faces have eyes.
Most white faces have bright eyes.
Most white faces have eyes.
White factoring affects the amount of white on the dog.
White farms are key food producers and the source of tobacco, a crucial export crop.
White farmers are clever.
White farmers are worried, but the government says things are under control.
White farmers carry on as if nothing has changed.
White farmers kill indigenous for a piece of land, for profit.
Many white farmers are in hock to the banks.
Most white farmers agree that Zimbabwe needs substantial land reform and redistribution.
White farmhouses stand stark against green fields.
White fat insulates the body and is metabolized to fuel bodily processes.
Many white fathers have the same issues, of course.
White fawns have coats.
White fawns have reddish coats.
Most white fawns have coats.
Most white fawns have reddish coats.
A white feather is a symbol
White feathers are also schemochromic.
White feathers are conspicuous under the tail.
White feathers are symbols.
White feathers have dark spots.
White feathers have no spots under the skin when plucked.
White feathers have pigment.
White feathers have spots.
Most white feathers have dark spots.
Most white feathers have pigment.
Most white feathers have spots.
A white feldspar is a spar
White feldspar is also common.
White females are much greater supporters of an activist government than are white men.
White females become yellow as they age and then brown after they die.
White females become yellow as they age and then brown when they die.
White females can expect to live the longest.
White females have a greater diversity in brand selection than white males.
White females score better on all measures than black females.
White fibers are big, powerful, fast, with few mitochondria, capillaries, and no myoglobin.
White fibers are more generously innervated than red fibers.
White fibers predominate in the digits and extraocular muscles of the eyes.
White fibres are the opposite.
White field designates public program.
White fields are blotchy, and blooming can be seen now and then.
All white fields are optional.
White fill is almost always non-staining.
White fillings contain no mercury and once placed into a tooth, they are often hard to see.
White finish has iridescent glow with pink and green flowers.
A white fir is a true fir
White fir has one of the largest ranges of any of the commercial western firs.
White fir is attractive to many species of wildlife.
White fir is easy to work and stays in place when properly dried.
White fir is good choice.
White fir is important to many species of wildlife.
White fir is monoecious, and cones are found in the upper branched only.
White fir is susceptible to several pathogens.
White fir is tolerant of a considerable amount of shade.
White firs are the most shade tolerant with incense-cedar next.
White firs have needles.
White firs have soft, blue-green foliage and an open branching pattern.
Most white firs have needles.
White fire is the place of imagination, where Torah comes alive.
White fish are ever popular on the plate but harder to find in the North Sea.
White fish have strong sexual ardor, chasing each other and emit spawn when vents are approximated.
White fish is a good bait for lobster pots.
White fixtures are standard.
A white flag is a flag
White flag Indicates the last lap of the race.
White flag is a courtesy flag.
White flags are flags.
White flags mark the spot.
White flags mean a fair race and warn crews headed for trouble.
White flags signal a fair race and direct a crew headed for trouble.
White flames flare off charred drums as strings turn to magma.
White flannel is important.
White flesh is crisp, fine-textured and juicy, with good vinous flavor.
White flesh is succulent, sweet, and aromatic.
Some white flesh has flavor.
White flight leaves a high concentration of poverty in urban schools, depressing student outcomes.
White flour contains only the endosperm of the kernel and stores longer without spoiling.
White flour contains yeast.
White flour is an empty nutrient.
White flour is far more dangerous than anyone imagines.
White flour is in the form of sugar by the time it reaches the blood.
White flour is just protein and carbohydrate calories and a poor substitute for whole grain flour.
White flour is made from wheat that has the bran and wheat germ removed.
White flour is made principally from the endosperm.
White flour is preferred by many people .
White flour is preferred by many people.
White flour is refined whole wheat flour.
White flour is the finely ground endosperm of the wheat kernel.
White flour is very low in fiber.
White flour rises highest.
White flour used in white bread and pastries contain empty calories.
White flours have the bran removed.
Most white flour contains yeast.
Some white flour causes inflammation.
White flowers accentuate colors of other desert flowers while providing a visual cooling effect.
White flowers accentuate the silver spots.
White flowers appear at a young age.
White flowers appear during springs.
White flowers appear in clusters at the end of the stems.
White flowers appear in early spring.
White flowers appear in early springs.
White flowers appear in early summer.
White flowers appear in late spring.
White flowers appear in late summer.
White flowers appear in late summer.
White flowers appear in spring.
White flowers appear in springs.
White flowers appear in summer and are followed by large, fleshy, magenta-coloured fruits.
White flowers appear in summer, in greater profusion than on most eucalypts.
White flowers appear in summer.
White flowers appear in winter.
White flowers appear more expensive than the same varieties coloured.
White flowers are abundant in early spring and other seasons when water is plentiful.
White flowers are attractive in spring.
White flowers are attractive.
White flowers are good reflecters of UV light, so they are very prominant to an insect's eyes.
White flowers are in small clusters.
White flowers are moderately abundant.
White flowers are numerous in large clusters.
White flowers are possible, but rare.
White flowers are produced on long leafless stalks.
White flowers are recessive to purple flowers.
White flowers are the most attractive.
White flowers are typical of T. cordifolia.
White flowers are very aromatic.
White flowers attached to the fence are newer than the crosses.
White flowers bloom at night.
White flowers bloom in early springs.
White flowers bloom in early summer.
White flowers bloom in late springs.
White flowers bloom in spring from pink buds.
White flowers bloom in spring, and turn into edible blackish-red berries in summer.
White flowers bloom in spring.
White flowers bloom in springs.
White flowers bloom in summer.
White flowers bloom late summer.
White flowers can be effective in helping blend colors together or to brighten dark comers.
White flowers cover the plant in late Spring with handsome wine-red foliage in the fall.
White flowers dot the shapely plants.
White flowers float on the water's surface.
White flowers grace the early spring.
White flowers have odor.
White flowers have petals.
White flowers have rich orange blossom fragrance.
White flowers have round petals.
White flowers occur in clusters at the ends of the branches in summer through to autumn.
White flowers open in spring.
White flowers produce edible fruits, and the foliage is yellow to red.
White flowers produce scent.
White flowers star like.
White flowers surround bright flowers.
White flowers surround bright yellow flowers.
White flowers surround flowers.
White flowers surround yellow flowers.
White flowers swirl open at night.
White flowers top the plant in late spring.
White flowers turn red when ripe.
White flowers turn to black edible berries.
White flowers visible near the top.
Most white flowers appear during springs.
Most white flowers appear in early springs.
Most white flowers appear in late summer.
Most white flowers appear in springs.
Most white flowers appear in summer.
Most white flowers bloom in early springs.
Most white flowers bloom in early summer.
Most white flowers bloom in late springs.
Most white flowers bloom in springs.
Most white flowers bloom in summer.
Most white flowers have odor.
Most white flowers have petals.
Most white flowers have round petals.
Most white flowers produce scent.
Most white flowers surround bright flowers.
Most white flowers surround bright yellow flowers.
Most white flowers surround flowers.
Most white flowers surround yellow flowers.
Some white flowers appear on vines.
Some white flowers bloom in autumn.
Some white flowers bloom in early autumn.
Some white flowers emerge in afternoons.
Some white flowers emerge in late afternoons.
Some white flowers have blotches.
Some white flowers have dark blotches.
Some white flowers have yellow blotches.
Some white flowers resemble lilies.
White fluid appears after breaking the gills.
White flies are a problem in cotton and peanuts in some areas.
White flies are abundant in the valley and growers have been treating fields.
White flies are also bothersome.
White flies are tenacious insects that can be very difficult to control.
White flies are the only pest to look for.
White flies can be a persistent, irritating problem.
White flies look like, well, white flies.
White flies seem to be somewhat lower in most fields, but can easily be found.
White fly can be very difficult to get rid of.
White fly carries a virus that causes a curling of the tomato leaves.
White fly finds tomato plants a great source of food.
White folk do it all the time.
White folk do it too.
White folks are evil.
White folks are that way.
White folks do it.
White folks do.
White folks know that diversity is dangerous.
White folks live right across the street too.
White folks stick.
White font indicates no contact information.
White food has more ear flex and usually yields just as well at lower populations.
White foot mice become destructive pests.
White foot mice become pests.
White feet are a fault on the show table.
White feet are the number one problem in Siamese rats.
White form exists.
White forms are common in northern Britain, but rare in the south.
White forms are most prevalent.
White forsythia is easy to grow.
White forsythia is free of serious insect and disease problems.
White freshmen suggest that they are less concerned about social needs.
White frogs are tacky.
White frost is a solid deposition of ice which forms directly from water vapour contained in air .
White fruit is eaten by birds in fall.
White fruits represent the brilliance from whence all colored fruits come.
White fumes indicate escaping chlorine gas.
White fur is found on the belly, feet and tail.
White fur is relatively uncommon, though it does occur.
White fur is warmer than colored fur.
White fur rims the ears.
White fur surrounds the red-lipped mouth under which is a yellow beard.
White garments are symbols of joy and celebration.
White gas is an efficient, clean burning fuel.
White gas is provided.
White gas is the most widely available and is quite cheap.
White gasoline is generally a clean and energetic fuel suitable for use in liquid fuel stoves.
White ginseng is produced by washing and drying the roots.
White girls can dye their hair any color they want.
White girls perform the best, followed by white boys, black girls and black boys.
White glass beads with a open floral pattern.
White gloves add the final touch of formality for ballroom wear.
White gloves are available direct by mail order and the Internet.
White gloves are de rigeur for ballroom wear.
White gloves are easily obtainable and give an air of distinction.
White gloves are simply undyed gloves.
White gloves are worn.
White gloves symbolise innocence.
White glue is an acceptable, though slower drying, alternative.
White glue is made from casein of in curds as well as some cheeses.
White glue is made from the casein of the curds.
White glue is the most commonly used glue today.
White glue is used where permanent flexibility is desired.
White glue works fine.
White gold can take on a yellowish cast over the years.
White gold contains palladium and silver.
White gold continues to be popular.
White gold has very little or no copper in it.
White gold is a typically a mixture of gold, silver, zinc, palladium and other metals.
White gold is alloy.
White gold is also an affordable substitute for platinum.
White gold is an alloy of gold and some white metals such as nickel, silver and palladium.
White gold is an alloy of gold decolorized by the addition of palladium.
White gold is an alloy of gold decolourised by the addition of palladium.
White gold is an alloy of gold with silver, palladium, nickel and copper.
White gold is gold, copper, nickel, and zinc.
White gold is gold.
White gold is harder than yellow gold.
White gold is made by combining gold with copper, nickel and zinc.
White gold is melted down and poured into a cast.
White gold is metal
White gold is stronger than yellow but is also more brittle.
White gold is the HOT fashion accessory.
White gold is yellow gold mixed with white metals and the resulting mix has problems.
White gold looks very similar to platinum, but the two have very different properties and prices.
Some white gold contains elements.
White goods are items like refrigerators, washing machines, dryers and other appliances.
White gouache highlights the columns and arches in the foreground.
White grains are carbides.
White grapes are any shade between green and a transparent amber-yellow.
White grapes are derived from the red grape by evolution .
White grapes are derived from the red grape by evolution.
White grapes are fruit.
White grapes are listed here first, then reds.
White grapes offer a big, juicy fruit flavor while red grapes are deep, rich and intensely flavored.
White grapefruit has honey-colored meat and bright yellow skin.
White grapefruit has no lycopene.
White gravel covers the plot.
White gravel is our only driveway.
White grease is made from inedible hog fat and has a low content of free fatty acids.
White ground falls veined red-violet concentrated at the yellow signal.
White grubs are a fluke that penetrates the skin and forms a sac in the kidneys or liver.
White grubs are beetle larvae that feed on grass roots.
White grubs are important pests of roots and are particularly damaging in forest nurseries.
White grubs are one of the most destructive insect pests of turf.
White grubs are one of the most destructive insects of turf.
White grubs are sensitive to differences in soil moisture and texture.
White grubs are subterranean in habit, feeding on the roots of young plants.
White grubs are the immature forms of several beetles and chafers.
White grubs are the immature stage of beetles.
White grubs are the larva of scarab beetles.
White grubs are the larvae of beetles and chafers.
White grubs are the larval stage of several types of beetles.
White grubs are the major insect attacking zoysiagrass turf.
White grubs are the most serious and destructive lawn insect pests in Illinois.
White grubs can be big problems on lawns in late summer and early fall.
White grubs can feed on corn roots and cause stunted or weakened plants.
White grubs continue to be the most common turfgrass insect pest reported by homeowners.
White grubs eat off the roots and make turf easy to roll up like a carpet if damage is severe.
White grubs favor well-tended bluegrass and tall fescue lawns.
White grubs have a brown head capsule and three pair of conspicuous legs.
White grubs live in the soil and feed on the underground parts of peanut plants.
White grubs live in the soil, often in the top inch of the root zone during warm months.
White grubs live in the top few inches of soil and feed on the roots of lawn grasses.
White grubs occur more frequently in corn following sod or pastures.
White grubs vary in length from one-eighth inch when first hatched to over an inch when full grown.
Some white grubs are eaten by pigs.
White gulls call, swiftly flying.
White gulls scream and white waves crash, ceaselessly, joyously throwing themselves on the rocks.
White guys are far less likely to say such things.
White guys can forget about it.
White guys can only approximate it.
White guys have a lot of work to do, but it is the kind of work that makes life worth living.
White guys pound black bitches, True sex stories, real life diaries.
White guys tend to talk amongst themselves and develop strong bonds that manifest in organizing.
Some white guys tend to be very anal.
White hair is longer.
White hair is preferred on the chest, the feet below the pasterns and the tail tip.
White hair is prone to a type of infection called scratches.
White hair tends to grow long and straight.
White hairs arise from body.
White hairs respond the least to laser therapy.
White hake is long and narrow compared to the butterfish.
White half apron with three pockets.
White hands are egotistical, consequenting in selfishness and a lack of sympathy for others.
White hardware is optional.
White head is also distinctive.
White head lingers as Belgian lace on the sides of the glass.
White heads occur in patches.
White heart rot can lead to brittle wood and breakage of branches by wind and snow.
White heat is a state of intense enthusiasm, anger, devotion, or passion.
White heat is albums.
White heat is an idiot.
White heat is back.
White heat is films.
White heat is heat
A white heather is a heath
White heather is the opposite, and protects against acts of passion.
White heroin is most prevalent.
White herons mix with our many colored children.
White history is indeed glorious, and it is time White children started looking into it.
White hole opens in void.
White holes are bizarre objects that are related to black holes.
White holes are the exact opposites of black holes .
White holes are the exact opposites of black holes.
White holes are 'time reversed' black holes in general relativity.
White holes are VERY hypothetical.
White hominy is made from white corn kernels, and the sweeter yellow hominy is made from yellow.
A white horse is a wave
White horses shamble the reeds, trailing tangled manes.
White horses symbolize the sun, the moon, the sea, the heavens, justice, and holiness.
All white horses love apples.
White hose are to be worn with either pants or skirts.
White houses are buildings.
White houses are houses.
White houses are located in press.
White houses are palaces.
White houses are structures.
White houses are used for important decisions.
White houses are used for meet.
White houses are used for press conferences.
White houses are used for residences.
White houses are used for symbols.
White houses are used for tours.
White houses dot green fields at the base of mountains made of rock.
White houses have antique furniture.
White houses reflect heat and tend to keep the nestlings cooler.
White households are still nearly twice as likely to own a computer as black or Hispanic households.
White housewives tend to show little attachment to the labour force.
White housing reflects the heat of the sun, keeping nestlings cooler.
White housing seems to attract martins best.
White hypocrisy is rampant.
White ibises compete for food with other wading birds.
White individuals appear to be affected more frequently than other groups.
White infants are more than three times as likely to be breast fed as black infants.
White infants have substantially higher cancer rates than black infants for most cancer types.
White ink is also available to highlight drawings.
White institutions maintain it, and white society condones it.
White irons are un-machinable and are finished by grinding when necessary.
White Island can be dangerous, so it pays to go with an experienced guide.
White Island continues to emit minor amounts of steam and gases, but no ash.
White Island continues to produce a large plume of steam and gas.
White Island is an active volcano.
White Island is an andescite volcano.
White Island is one of the most interesting volcanoes in the world.
White Island is the perfect example of an active volcano.
White Island is unique in a number of ways.
White Island is very active.
White islands are islands.
White islands are located in north islands.
White islands are volcanos.
White jasmine is a vine-like type of jasmine with waxy, white flowers.
White jawbreakers make eyes and a red jawbreaker makes the nose.
White jawbreakers make eyes, and a red jawbreaker makes the nose.
White jeans are out of style.
White jerseys show up well also.
Many white journalists are afraid to cover issues in minority neighborhoods.
White jumpsuits are more practical than white robes in most parts of the world.
White jurors are more likely to convict any minority group member regardless of sex.
White jurors have more problems with reasonable doubt decisions.
White keeper deflects the ball to the feet of another onside blue player who shoots and scores.
White kernels are larger and more plump than red wheat kernels.
Some white kernels have pink caps or pink stripes.
White kid grows up in a black neighborhood.
White kids are by far the leaders in use of alcohol, drugs and cigarettes.
White kids do it all the time.
White kids get treatment.
White kids love rap, and any loud music annoys most adults.
White kids love the hip-hop.
White kids tend to cheer for white kids.
All white kitchen over- looks cozy family room with beehive fireplace.
White knees are common.
White knuckles are so unattractive.
White knuckles tighten around plastic oars.
White lace edges the bodice, neckline, and sleeves.
White lacquer is patched and sanded White lacquer is sprayed on again.
White lacquer is sprayed.
White Lake has a deep-water channel to Lake Michigan.
White Lake has it.
White Lake is a nice community.
White Lake is governed by a mayor and city council.
White Lake is unique in that it has a white sandy bottom and is blessed with crystal clear waters.
White Lake offers excellent swimming, boating and water skiing for perfect family vacations.
White lamps are available in various color temperatures.
White latex is present.
White lawyers are often hesitant to step out and mentor an attorney of color.
White layer is removed by lapping.
White layers are thin tuffs.
White ledger includes typing, photocopy and scratch paper, plus white tabulating and index cards.
White legs extend from the pale tan underbelly, ending in black hooves.
White legends are available for some languages for use on laptops or keyboards with black keys.
White letters are correct.
White letters indicate correct letters and red indicates incorrect letters.
White level refers to the degree of whiteness in an image.
White levers open the position and creates huge complications.
White liberals feel disappointed and ashamed.
A white lie is a lie
White lies escalate to the perverse.
White lies rot into black lies after two hours.
White light consists of a mixture of all the wavelengths in the right proportions.
White light consists of light waves of all different wavelengths, or colors.
White light consists of many colours.
White light consists of several colors of light.
White light contains a mix of all wavelengths in the visible region.
White light contains all the colors in the color spectrum.
White light contains all the colors in the spectrum.
White light contains all the colors of the rainbow.
White light contains all wave lengths.
White light contains color.
White light contains many different colors of light.
White light contains the full spectrum of color.
White light disperses into a rainbow of colors.
White light enters a raindrop, and is refracted off the back edge of the raindrop.
White light enters the body through the eyes and via the melanin in the skin to the pineal gland.
White light exposes all three subtractive layers in the negative.
White light floods the north aisle, and the nave beyond.
White light goes in and red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, and violet come out.
White light has a sensor that turns on automatically with any movement.
White light has many colors - each color has a different wavelength.
White light has many colors, each color having a different wavelength.
White light is a clear example.
White light is a combination of all the colors found in a rainbow.
White light is a combination of all the colors of the rainbow.
White light is a combination of all the different colors.
White light is a jumble of colored light waves.
White light is a mix of different colors.
White light is a mixture of all colors.
White light is a mixture of all colours.
White light is a mixture of colors that can be separated into a spectrum by a prism.
White light is a mixture of light of all colors.
White light is a mixture of many colors which can be separated.
White light is a mixture of wavelengths.
White light is a mixture of waves from all the different visible light wavelengths.
White light is actually a mixture of all possible colors.
White light is actually light that is made up of all the colors in rainbow.
White light is all colors, like the colors of the rainbow.
White light is all the colors mixed together.
White light is an effect.
White light is composed of a mixture of light at different frequencies.
White light is composed of a num- ber of different wavelengths of light.
White light is composed of all colors, and all colors are required to make white light.
White light is composed of all colours of the rainbow.
White light is composed of all colours, with each colour being of equal brightness.
White light is composed of all of the colors.
White light is composed of all the colors in the visible spectrum.
White light is composed of colors that can be revealed and separated using a prism.
White light is composed of many colors as evidenced by a rainbow.
White light is composed of red, green, yellow, and blue photons.
White light is divided into six colors of the visible spectrum.
White light is found.
White light is incident along the curved edge of a piece of hemispherical glass block.
White light is incident on a glass prism as shown.
White light is incident on the diffraction grating.
White light is incoherent, while laser light is coherent.
White light is launched into one end of the optical fiber.
White light is light.
White light is made of many different colors.
White light is made up a range of different wavelengths.
White light is made up af all colors.
White light is made up of a spectrum or combination of colors, as in a rainbow.
White light is made up of all colors.
White light is made up of all different colors mixed together.
White light is made up of all the colors in the spectrum.
White light is made up of all the colors.
White light is made up of light waves of many different frequencies.
White light is made up of many colors.
White light is made up of many different colors of light added together .
White light is made up of many different colors of light added together.
White light is made up of many different colors of light.
White light is made up of red, blue and green light waves.
White light is made up of red, blue, and green.
White light is made up of three primary colors.
White light is more acceptable than warm light.
White light is nearly normally incident on the film from above and viewed by reflection.
White light is part of a set of waves known as the electromagnetic spectrum.
White light is perceived when all visible light strikes the cones with nearly equal intensity.
White light is provided in the darkroom in the form of overhead lighting or a transmitted source.
White light is separated into the individual colors shown in the rainbow.
White light is the combination of red, blue and green light.
White light is the sum of all the colors in the visible light spectrum.
White light is visible radiation.
White light is what all other forms of light come from.
White light is what the eye sees when wavelengths of all colours reach the eye.
White light offers a gentle protection in a sanctuary of light.
White light passes through a triangular prism as shown.
White light passes through the grating.
White light produces growth.
White light produces leafy growth.
White light removes the diseases from body, mind, and soul.
White light seems indivisible.
White light seems to be the most universal archetype imaginable.
White light separates into spectral colors, each of which vibrates at different frequency.
White light strikes a blue ball.
White lights adorn the tent as candlelight adorns the tables.
White lights are everywhere.
White lights circle the automobile s wheels, hubcaps and headlights.
White lights indicate the escape path and either red lights or strobe lights indicate exits.
White lights seem to be flashing.
ANY white light can make that cycle start all over again.
Most white light contains color.
Most white light produces growth.
Most white light produces leafy growth.
Some white light has color.
Some white light passes through diamonds.
Some white light requires for development.
White lighting is used between holidays and events.
White lightning come down and turn out the lights.
A white lily is a water lily
White lilies are particularly beautiful.
White lilies are the ideal gift for a friend.
A white line is a reference
White line is incident ray direction, green line is ideal specular reflection.
White line is the coastline.
White line separating the upper from the lower cell is a section of the cross wall or septum.
White line tend to be very large with a few medium sized pups mixed in.
White lines are completely normal and does never indicate any problem.
White lines are main roads connecting the places.
White lines are major highways.
White lines are present on the ventral surfaces of both species.
White lines are reference points.
White lines are roads.
White lines are the soil unit-mapping.
White lines enclose permeable steam reservoir.
White lines indicate flight tracks of the airborne laser instrument.
White lines indicate layer boundaries.
White lines indicate parts of the pattern where fluid is stationary.
White lines indicate phylogenetic relationships with main dental variations.
White lines indicate rivers.
White lines indicate streamlines of drift, and the color coding indicates the drift speed.
White lines indicate the element boundary.
White lines indicate velocity and direction of storms.
White lines indicates approximate watershed boundaries.
White lines mark the court.
White lines represent roads.
White lines separate lanes of traffic going in the same direction.
White lines separate travel lanes moving in the same direction.
White lines show coastlines.
White lines show locations of delay doppler radar coverage.
White lines show seism ic reflection profiles.
White lines show seismic reflection profiles.
White lines show the distribution of hot, X-ray emitting gas.
White linen is included for indoor tables.
White linens complete each table.
White lions chest.
White loop is become almost in general use.
A white lupine is a lupin
White lupine utilizes soil phosphorus that is unavailable to soybean.
White machines are a fairly common find.
White magic is magic
White magic is magic.
White magic is opposed by black magic and compulsions.
White magic is ruled over by the sun.
White magic is use of the soul for purposes of human uplift, utilizing the personality.
White magic uses the same symbol with the point uppermost.
White magic works with the powers of evolution.
White mailboxes are for postal giro payments only.
White maize is used for human consumption while yellow is used predominantly for animal feed.
White males account for nearly three-fourths of all completed suicides.
White males are for all practical purposes helpless to resist.
White males are more likely to have useful salary information.
White males are oppressors, therefore a white snowman is an image of the oppressor.
White males are six times more likely to commit suicide than are African American females.
White males are the most common users of smokeless tobacco.
White males are the only unorganized group in society.
White males are twice as likely as blacks to be deaf or hard of hearing.
White males commit suicide at a rate higher than black males and white and black females.
White males constitute a disproportionate share of college instructional faculty and staff.
White males control most of the major positions of any business.
White males control most of the operations on all levels of sport.
White males deserve to get the most.
White males get the rest of the pack.
White males have different responsibilities.
White males have higher marijuana use than black or Hispanic males.
White males have the highest suicide rate in Colorado.
White males rank second.
White males refuse to accept responsibility to eliminate the plague they created in our society.
White males remain the most privileged group in American society.
White males return home and beg their bosses for their job back.
White males score better on all measures than black males.
White males seem to default to all-business, to distant authority.
Most white males go into industry.
A white man is a man
A white man is White
White man believe in history and linear events to measure progress.
White man build big fire, keep warm hauling wood.
White man exploits other races, and their natural resources.
White man is got all de sense.
White man knocks out white man.
White man speak with forked tongue.
White man speaks with forked tongue.
White men appear to be most at risk, but osteoporosis can occur in other ethnic groups as well.
White men are almost five times more likely to develop cancer of the testicles than are black men.
White men are evil.
White men are four times more likely to develop testicular cancer than black men.
White men are good materialists.
White men are heartless and dull.
White men are men.
White men are much more willing to take a quick guess.
White men are racists and sexists.
White men are responsible for all oppression.
White men are the devil.
White men are the norm, others are optional or exceptional exceptions.
White men are too crazy.
White men begin.
White men benefit from affirmative action.
White men can expect to live over seven years longer than black men.
White men can jump.
White men continue to carry items on to the street, ignoring the old couple's cries.
White men die younger than black women.
White men have a higher incidence than other races.
White men have a higher risk of skin cancer, especially melanoma.
White men have a poor historical record when they come together behind closed doors.
White men have black lovers.
White men have four times the risk of blacks of developing testicular cancer.
White men have no business there.
White men have some crazy ideas.
White men have the highest death rate, followed by white women, black men and black women.
White men have too many chiefs.
White men hold most of the top-paying executive jobs in state government.
White men live in mining towns or out on the trail in trading posts.
White men say it done to get uprising among slaves.
White men say they love justice, which they fear worse than hell.
White men shroud the peak with legend as well.
Every white man has a different tale to tell, a different scheme to expound.
Some white men abuse female slaves.
Some white men abuse slaves.
Some white men are to see, moving about.
Some white men enter bars.
Some white men rape and murder a very young black girl.
White mandarins are the prevalent mutative variety found in captivity beside many others.
A white mangrove is a tree
White mangrove has scaly, reddish brown bark and greenish white flowers.
White mangrove tends to grow at slightly higher elevations than red and black mangrove.
White mangroves are the furthest inland and have the least influx of salt water.
White mangroves are trees.
White mangroves are unique because they can get rid of salt through their leaves.
White mangroves grow farther inland away from the salt water.
White mangroves have no visible aerial root system like red and black mangroves.
White mangroves have salt glands on the leaf surface to excrete excess salt.
White mangroves produce flowers.
White mangroves produce fruit that the Aboriginal people of Australia enjoy consuming.
White mangroves produce greenish-white flowers in spikes, blooming from spring to early summer.
White mangroves produce white flowers.
Most white mangroves produce flowers.
Most white mangroves produce white flowers.
Some white mangroves have aerial roots.
Some white mangroves have roots.
White marble cm.
White marble covers the walls around it.
White marble is hard to fiddle with.
White marbles are particularly in demand basically for their shine.
White margarine is simply margarine without the color added.
White markings are distinct and occur on the head, neck, chest, abdomen and legs.
White markings are limited to a small star and the hind feet below the fetlock.
White markings are permissible and desirable, if attractively distributed.
White markings are present in all colors, and a black mask is common.
White markings covering more than one third of the body is a disqualification in the show ring.
All white markings are acceptable and there are pinto in all of the base colors.
Some white marking is permissible on the face, chest and feet.
Some white markings are acceptable.
Some white markings are also very desirable.
Some white markings are possible on the chest and feet.
Some white markings are possible.
A white marlin is a marlin
White marlin are in the same faimley but they are alot smaller.
White masculinity is fused with institutional power.
White mask covers the upper face only.
White material is calcite.
White matrix is attached to the base.
White matter carries information between nerve cells by conducting electrical impulses.
White matter carries information between the nerve cells in the brain and spinal cord.
White matter contains axonal processes plus glial cells.
White matter has a little more protein in it due to myelin and stains a little darker pink.
White matter includes all of the nerves, and much of the interior of the brain and spinal cord.
White matter is composed of One answer only.
White matter is cut away from gray matter at top level to show nerves more explicitly.
White matter is nerve tissue
White matter is nervous tissue.
White matter is the brain's circuitry.
White matter is used to connect different areas of grey matter .
White matter is used to connect different areas of grey matter.
White meat has fewer calories and less fat than dark meat.
White meat has half the fat of dark meat.
White meat is also a great source of protein and has less fat.
White meat is healthier than dark.
White meat is serving
White meats are poultry and fish.
White meats seem to be healthier for dogs than red meats.
White mesh shows true colors.
White millet is the favorite bird seed of sparrows.
White millet is the preferred millet and is readily eaten by doves, sparrows and juncos.
White minds resist change on the subject of all things racial.
White minority demands civil rights and reparations.
White miso is used for soups and dressings.
White missionaries have no business using native symbols.
White model features gold patina accents.
White model is built, sketches done of possible physical sites.
White models emit natural light for general purpose use.
White modules are inputs from flowmeters and other sensors.
White mohair takes dyes wonderfully and still shines.
White mold can sometimes be an important fungal disease of crucifers, especially cabbage.
White mold caused by Sclerotinia is much whiter and fluffier that downy mildew.
White mold causes damage under cool moist conditions.
White mold continues to spread rapidly in wet, immature fields.
White mold is a serious problem on dry beans, especially under irrigation.
White mold is an increasing problem in the North Central States.
White mold is generally more severe in fields with heavy canopies.
White mold is now present in some soybean stands.
White mold is present but the infection level is low.
White mold is present in many fields but, few fields are severely infected.
White mold is the biggest problem in snap bean production in Oregon.
White mold lowers bean yield and pod quality and can kill the plants.
Some white mold grows on walls.
White moths life in habitats.
White mugs come individually packed in cartons.
White mulberry grows well on wide variety of soils.
White mulberry is a fruit tree
White mulberry is the source of food for the silkworm.
A white mullet is a bony fish
White mullet is dark olive above and silvery below.
Some white mullets have flesh.
Some white mullets have oily flesh.
White muscles are used for bursts of activity, such as bursts of speed or jumping.
White mushrooms are also available canned plain whole or sliced, marinated or pickled.
White mushrooms are big and firm.
White mushrooms dominate the fresh market.
White mushrooms grow from microscopic spores.
White mushrooms grow from spores.
Most white mushrooms grow from microscopic spores.
Most white mushrooms grow from spores.
White musicians are more divided on the question.
WHite muslin is best.
White mustard produces biomass.
Most white mustard produces biomass.
White nails are easier to trim than dark nails because the pink of the quick is visible.
White nails are permissible.
White nails can be a sign of liver disease.
White needlework is a very rare find.
White nets make it easier to find the specimen in the net.
White neurons reflect a high concentration in the elements.
White nights refer to the period of the midnight sun.
White node is traceroute host.
White noise can be a very inexpensive thing to accomplish.
White noise can be as simple as a radio tuned to no station so there is only static.
White noise contains all motions simultaneously.
White noise is a soothing sound that blocks out more noxious noises.
White noise is a sound that has no harmonics in it, or it has all harmonics in it.
White noise is completely uncorrelated from point to point.
White noise is interference
White noise is no noise at all.
White noise is noise whose amplitude is constant throughout the audible frequency range.
White noise is noise.
White noise is some part of almost every transmission.
White noise is sort of a background non-noise, usually meant to cover up other distractions.
White noise reduces the loudness of all tones, regardless of absolute level.
White noise works because it blocks out other sounds and it soothes babies to sleep.
White numbers are quite rare, but gruadually become less rare for larger numbers.
White oak becomes predominant further upslope.
White oak contains the minerals manganese, calcium and zinc .
White oak contains the minerals manganese, calcium and zinc.
White oak has a slight greenish cast.
White oak has acorns.
White oak has edible acorns.
White oak has no tiny holes.
White oak has sweet acorns.
White oak hiking trail traverses the natural area.
White oak is a component of forests in southern Michigan and Wisconsin.
White oak is a good choice, but it is heavy and does have a few cracks, from time to time.
White oak is a long lived, slow growing tree.
White oak is a major export species of Indiana.
White oak is a prime example.
White oak is also denser and harder than red oak.
White oak is classified as intermediate in shade tolerance.
White oak is denser and heavier than white pine.
White oak is harder, tighter grained, and has more consistent grain for color than red oak.
White oak is intermediate in terms of shade tolerance.
White oak is moderately resistant to salt spray and even temporary salt-water submergence.
White oak is oak
White oak is oak.
White oak is one of our longest lived trees.
White oak is one of our most ubiquitous trees, being found in every county in the state.
White oak is slightly harder than red oak.
White oak is slower and more difficult to transplant.
White oak is still the best all-around hardwood and remains in reasonably good supply.
White oak is strong and is found as structural members of many boats.
White oak is stronger than most trees.
White oak is the problem here.
White oak is troublesome wood .
White oak is very strong but it also is heavy.
White oak leaves.
White oak makes up into the most desirable and durable hardwood flooring.
White oak needs periodic fire to perpetuate because it is shade intolerant.
White oak needs room to grow and has a low tolerance for soil compaction and changes in soil levels.
White oak performs best on coarse, moist, well-drained, slightly acidic soils with medium fertility.
White oak reproduces through seed and by vegetative means.
White oak stains well and can be stained any shade from light to dark.
White oaks are abundant and the red oaks are loaded.
White oaks are hard to transplant, and they grow slowly, but they can be grown from acorns.
White oaks are the most productive and are bothered the least by invasions of foreign or weed fungi.
White oaks are unable to discriminate against pollination by other species in the same section.
White oaks have a beautiful gray, plated bark that make the trees stand out in the woods.
White oaks have leaves with rounded lobes and no bristle at the ends.
White oaks have sweet acorns that mature the same year they are formed.
White oaks live for centuries.
White oaks tend to be resistant.
White oaks thrive throughout deciduous forests of eastern North America.
All white oaks have leaves with rounded lobes.
Most white oak has acorns.
Most white oak has edible acorns.
Most white oak has sweet acorns.
Some white oak shows variation.
White object is angular chert fragment, from encasing sediment.
White objects reflect all colors of light.
White objects reflect all colours of light.
White objects reflect all light and black objects absorb all light.
White objects reflect all wavelengths of light.
White objects reflect energy, dark objects absorb energy.
White objects reflect whatever kind of light they receive.
All white objects are more remarkable than by day.
White objective is to complete an unbroken chain between the two white sides.
White ones are too scarce.
White ones symbolize innocence while ash-gray ones symbolize penance.
White onion is preferable to the red and yellow varieties.
White onions are hot with a sharper flavor than yellows.
White onions are normally mild and sweet in taste and red onions are the sweetest.
White onions are the traditional onion used in classic Mexican cuisine.
White onions are usually much more susceptible than colored types.
White onions tend to be more pungent than yellows or reds.
White onions work well in almost any dish, while red onions make a zesty addition to salads.
White opal has a white or light body color with flashes of many colors.
White opal is the traditionally percieved image, oval cut with a cabochon.
White opinion is more accomodating.
White oppression explains their failure.
White oppression is to blame for Black inequality.
White orders Lt.
White organza bows, shells, starfish and sand dollars.
White oryxes are known to dig holes in the sand for the sake of coolness.
White outs are frequent and cold wet snow is typical.
White ovals are long-lived storms that form between two adjacent zonal jet streams.
White ovals are long-lived storms that tend to form between two adjacent zonal jet streams.
White ovals are storms that occur between two adjacent zonal jet streams, and last for decades.
White ovals can be either cyclonic or anticyclonic storms.
White ovotestis is visible through the transparent epidermis.
White oxide is virtually tasteless and easily masked by food.
White pages are phone books.
White pages are telephone books.
White pages contain phone numbers of residential customers.
White pages contain the test stimuli to which the child responds.
White pages directories without graphics-heavy search pages.
White pages Find a person, business, area code, zip code or email address.
White pages has alphabetical listings.
White pages list private residences.
White pages look lame all jumbled up like that.
White pages offer an uplifting and often spiritual perspective.
White pages return name, address, linked phone number and links to maps.
White pages supplies phone numbers, addresses and email addresses.
White pages take a deep breath and see things in a profound, loving, and spiritual light.
White pages Use white pages to find persons, organizations or businesses.
White paint flakes off the siding, exposing century-old wood.
White paint is a very good reflector, one of the best.
White paint is diffuse.
White paint is indeed very durable.
White paint is safe it s a blank canvas and makes any room appear brighter.
White paint is spun and swirled over the glass, which beautifully compliments the tops.
White paint is standard and much of it is faded or flaking.
White paint is the largest use of titanium oxide.
White paint is to be purchased.
White paint reflects light better to make the interior more inviting.
White paint reflects sunlight and keeps tank temperature down.
White paint works better with clear bulbs.
White pants work too.
White paper brings the most because the fibers are the longest.
White paper goes to a facility in Canada.
White paper has higher value to recycle.
White paper is a report
White paper is archival.
White paper is best.
White paper is fine.
White paper is ideal, but gray or ivory-colored paper is also acceptable.
White paper is lowered on top of the bubbles to get an image of their configuration.
White paper is most often preferred and is recommended for scannable resumes.
White paper is paper from copying machines and printers.
White paper is placed in the white bags.
White paper is recycled at various locations inside campus buildings.
White paper is the longest, colored stock is next, then newsprint, and on down the line.
White paper is the most valuable.
White paper is too bright.
White paper is usually recyclable in offices and in some neighborhoods.
White paper turns out very pretty.
White paper works well.
White papers are also available for download.
White papers are available on a variety of e-business topics.
White papers are available on request.
White papers are available on seven different topics.
White papers are available upon request.
White papers are documents that can explain how a product or process works.
White papers are important and necessary, but too long.
White papers are online.
White papers are optional but encouraged.
White papers are probably the most formal method, and they have the advantage of wide dissemination.
White papers are test balloons.
White papers are time consuming and non- trivial to write.
White papers are timely, focused analyses of important higher education topics.
White papers can benefit by the same approach.
White papers cover Internet security, project management, protocol standards and tools.
White papers deal with accessible design, Web access, screen readers and other technical topics.
White papers Learn more about what's happening in wholesale.
White papers require intensive research, while a customer success story needs just a few interviews.
White papers spell out all the details.
All white paper is acceptable.
All white papers have small amounts of red, yellow and blue dye to adjust the color of the raw pulp.
White parents beget black babies, black parents beget Asian babies, etc.
White parents face some different issues in raising their children to be free of prejudice.
White parents seeking infants to adopt are much more likely to look beyond their own race.
White parents use more corporal punishment than minority group parents.
White parts are albite.
White parts are almost albite.
White parts are orthociase crystals.
Many white partners act out the role of the adventurous rebel in their interracial relationships.
White patches anterior to the ears are typical.
White patches appearing other than where is acceptable.
White patches are cancer cells.
White patches are predominantly kamacite.
White patches are present on the underside of the wings at the carpal or wrist.
White patches can be due to various causes like infection, autoimmune disorders, burn etc.
White patches flank the rump.
White patches occur on the throat, underside and inside the ears.
White patches result from epistasis by an autosomal gene that shuts off the pigment synthesis.
Some white patches can turn into cancer over time.
White patients are more likely to develop the milder form of the disease.
White peaches ripen more quickly than other varieties.
White peaches tend to be sweet.
White peacocks are the same as the Indian Blue in size and behavior, but are white.
White pearls surround the lid edging.
White pebbles help.
White pebbles represent travel by air, red pebbles represent exhaust pollution from airplanes.
White pegmatite veins.
A white pelican is a pelican
White pelicans are a common sight in the Breaks.
White pelicans are among the world's largest birds.
White pelicans are pelicans.
White pelicans are usually silent, only grunting or croaking on nesting grounds.
White pelicans feed on the native cut-throat trout.
White pelicans find sanctuary at the rapids of the Slave River.
White pelicans fly with their neck folded and can be distinguished by their large yellow bill.
White pelicans have short legs.
White pelicans inhabit marshy lakes and along the Pacific and Texas coasts.
White pelicans prefer inland lakes with remote islands for nesting colonies.
White pelicans seem to have taken over and can be seen in large flocks.
White pelicans swim on the surface, scooping fish out of the water.
Most white pelicans have short legs.
Some white pelicans are classified as concern.
White people are a distinct minority in Hawaii.
White people are afraid to come here.
White people are always the guilty ones.
White people are descendants of Japheth.
White people are ethnic groups.
White people are evil.
White people are ghosts.
White people are historys greatest victims.
White people are in the minority now.
White people are more at risk, and also outdoor workers with constant exposure to sun.
White people are more obnoxious than anybody else.
White people are more prone to kidney stones than are black people.
White people are much hairier than black people.
White people are only to be mentioned when something they did was bad.
White people are people who died by ice.
White people are smarter than everybody else.
White people are snobs.
White people are the descendants of tribes also.
White people are the oppressors of minority communities and cultures.
White people are the playing field.
White people are the same as black people.
White people are very stupid about some things.
White people are, by nature, the enemy to Black people.
White people can achieve many of the same styles as black people.
White people can be objective.
White people can be so helpful without even realizing it.
White people can stay inside their culture and advance.
White people do better.
White people do feel intimidated by the media propaganda.
White people do have soul.
White people do that, whenever they are in the same area.
White people eat rice.
White people end up as fodder for their hate mill money-making machine.
White people face a similar future.
White people face just as many obstacles as black people do.
White people feel it.
White people have a high or long nose.
White people have a personal stake in anti-racism.
White people have a responsibility to look after the non-white races.
White people have funny hair and noses.
White people have no concept of how that flag can affect black people.
White people have no culture.
White people have rights too.
White people have so many options.
White people have their truth and Afrocentrists have their truth.
White people have to challenge racism among themselves.
White people have to learn to do that.
White people love sodomy.
White people love to believe they're fair.
White people love to call out reverse racism whenever there is an opportune time to do so.
White people make some noise.
White people make that distinction every day.
White people smell funny.
White people spend their time figuring out how to keep black people down.
White people spit it out.
White people take everything.
White people think what they are told to think, and are incapable of thinking for themselves.
White people use the word holocaust.
Many white people fear coming into Detroit because of crime.
Many white people hate blacks and backwards.
Most white people are Eurocentric.
Most white people are of European origin , but are also found in other parts of the world .
Most white people are of European origin, but are also found in other parts of the world.
Most white people are reared to dislike black people simply because of their darker pigmentation.
Most white people deny that they are racist.
Most white people reject the idea out of hand.
Some white people do feel guilty.
White pepper comes from ripened berries with the outer husks removed.
White pepper has a strong, hot taste.
White pepper has different flavour.
White pepper has flavour.
White pepper is a pepper vine
White pepper is a ripe peppercorn with the dark wall removed.
White pepper is made from ripe fruits that are soaked and lightly crushed to remove the fleshy part.
White pepper is made from ripe or overly ripe peppercorns.
White pepper is merely black pepper with the pericarp removed.
White pepper is nothing more than the black peppercorns with the dark outer husk removed.
White pepper is obtained by removing the outer part of the pericarp.
White pepper is obtained from peppercorns from which the dark outer coating has been removed.
White pepper is pepper.
White pepper is prepared by removing the outer skin of the fruit and grinding.
White pepper is simply a black peppercorn without the black exterior case.
White pepper is simply black pepper with the outer layer removed.
White pepper is the mature berries with the hull removed.
White pepper makes it hot.
White pepper provides the heat, and rice vinegar the sour flavor.
White pepper starts off as green pepper, but the green skin is rubbed off.
White pepper starts off as green pepper, but then the green skin is rubbed off.
Most white pepper has different flavour.
Most white pepper has flavour.
White peppercorns are essentially the same as the inner part of the black peppercorns.
White peppercorns are the black minus the wrinkled black outer layer and minus much of the flavor.
A white perch is a bony fish
White perch appear to be scattered.
White perch are active throughout the lake on worms and crickets.
White perch are catch and keep.
White perch are considered a delectable game fish.
White perch are deep bodied fish with small pointed teeth.
White perch are especially easy to catch in the spring during spawning.
White perch are important to humans as a source of food and recreational fishing.
White perch are important to their ecosystem both as predators and as prey.
White perch are on their way.
White perch are prolific breeders.
White perch are taken in nearly all types of fishing gear typically used on the Bay.
White perch are tasty fish with white, flaky flesh.
White perch are thankfully down.
White perch are the junkyard dogs of the fish community.
White perch are the only prey species whose abundance has increased in recent years.
White perch is a close relative of striped bass.
White perch live in the Bay year-round and are never found in the ocean.
White perch prefer a diet of small fish, insects and other invertebrates.
White permits are for faculty and staff only.
Every white person is an expert when it comes to diagnosing African problem.
Every white person is painted with the broad brush of being empowered.
White petals surround a slightly ruffled sunny, yellow cup.
Some white petals surround stamens.
Some white petals surround yellow stamens.
White petrol is nothing but kerosene.
White phlox adds a soft glow to the garden at night.
White phosphorus burns rapidly in air to form phosphoric oxide.
White phosphorus can cause skin burns.
White phosphorus combines with oxygen so easily that it catches fire automatically.
White phosphorus has the property of spontaneously catching fire in air.
White phosphorus has two modifications.
White phosphorus is a colorless, white, or yellow waxy solid with a garlic-like odor.
White phosphorus is a highly reactive, waxy, white-yellow, transparent solid with acrid fumes.
White phosphorus is a pale yellow waxy solid that ignites spontaneously on contact with air.
White phosphorus is a waxy white solid.
White phosphorus is a waxy, transparent solid.
White phosphorus is definitely the more exciting of the two.
White phosphorus is highly toxic.
White phosphorus is more reactive than red phosphorus.
White phosphorus is phosphorescent.
White phosphorus is poisonous and can spontaneously ignite when it comes in contact with air.
White phosphorus is the form that occurs most commonly at room temperatures.
White phosphorus is toxic to humans .
White phosphorus is toxic to humans.
White phosphorus is used as a deoxidizing agent in the preparation of steel and phosphor bronze.
White phosphorus is used in incendiary weapons and smoke grenades.
White phosphorus is used in the making of rat poison, and red phosphorus is used in match es.
White phosphorus is very dangerous.
White phosphorus is very toxic and contact with skin can cause severe burns.
White phosphorus is white to yellow soft, waxy phosphorescent solid with acrid fumes.
White phosphorus oxidizes spontaneously in air sending out light.
White piece is unable to re-enter board.
White pieces are smooth.
White pieces have positive charge and black pieces are negatively charged.
White pigs are for pork and ham.
White pigs tend to sunburn more than the blacks do.
Some white pigeons are albinos, with pink eyes and legs.
White pigment absorbs none of the colored rays, and black absorbs all of the colors of the spectrum.
White pigment is applied to the face of the statue.
White pigments show almost no drying shift in watercolors.
All white pigments have positive and negative characteristics.
White pine blister rust causes few problems.
White pine blister rust causes problems.
White pine adapts to a wide range of conditions from full sun to partial shade.
White pine appears to be especially susceptible to coastal wind storms.
White pine are uncommon in the northern one-third of the park.
White pine dominates the site, but red and jack pines grow on the exposed, droughty summit.
White pine grows best in partial shade on medium to fine soils that have a good moisture supply.
White pine has five needles per cluster and has bluish green foliage.
White pine has good color and soft needles.
White pine has little durability, only fair strength and is usually sapwood.
White pine is a preferred host for introduced pine sawfly.
White pine is a soft, long needled tree.
White pine is considered to be the largest pine in the United States.
White pine is easy to identify.
White pine is fast growing and long lived.
White pine is good for a wispy, graceful, soft affect.
White pine is important ecologically, socially, and economically.
White pine is intermediate in shade tolerance.
White pine is Michigan's state tree.
White pine is more common on decks.
White pine is more shade tolerant than either red or jack pine.
White pine is one of the most important and tallest timber trees in the Northeast.
White pine is pine
White pine is pine.
White pine is plants.
White pine is sensitive to air pollution.
White pine is sensitive to the pollutant but shows considerable variation within the species.
White pine is spatially diverse.
White pine is still highly-valued by carpenters and furniture makers.
White pine is susceptible to ice storm damage, sulfur dioxide, ozone, and salt sea spray.
White pine is used for the seminar table, benches and chairs.
White pine is very susceptible to air pollution damage and can be an indicator of poor air quality.
White pine prefers well-drained, sandy soil, but it is found from rocky ridges to sphagnum bogs.
White pine provides an important food source for some key rodent species.
White pine tends to be very soft.
White pines are a favorite food of deer.
White pines are habitat for a host of birds, mammals, reptiles, amphibians, and insects.
White pines are useful in urban plantings.
White pines can have smooth bark, even when mature.
White pines give a nice canopy effect.
White pines have gray bark, blue-green foliage and long, soft needles.
White pines show the most noticeable needle drop.
White pinstripes line the bottom of the frames as well as the hinge area and front of the arms.
White pioneers usurp the land and trade in African slaves.
White pixels represent spiking cells.
Every white pixel becomes black and every black pixel becomes white.
White plant labels with code numbers of planned hybridisation are everywhere.
White plants are usually night fragrant becaue they are pollinated by moths rather than bees.
White plaques are present on the skin of the shaft and prepuce.
White plastic maintains a more uniform temperature range.
White politicians are afraid.
White polypropylene handle formed for safe and comfortable grip.
White popcorn has a crispy, tender texture and a slightly-sweet flavor.
A white poplar is a tree
White poplar is salt resistant.
White porcelain is accented in platinum.
White port has less alcohol, is often golden in color and has a nutty citrus tang.
White port is a bit more finicky.
White potato has pale skin.
White potato has skin.
White potato is a vine
White potato mashed with milk is a good homemade baby food.
White potatoes anchor a glass vase filled with peach tulips.
White potatoes are modified plant roots.
White potatoes contain fiber, although most of it is in their skins.
White potatoes have a high sugar-low starch content.
White potatoes zxq underground stems and are one fifth starch.
Most white potato has pale skin.
Most white potato has skin.
White poultry contains a bit less fat than dark.
White powder appears on the face of the finished piece.
White powder covers the leaves and shoots are distorted.
White powder covers the leaves and stems.
White powder covers the plants.
White powder forming on glass or pottery with a lead glaze is poisonous .
Some white powder has flavor.
Some white powder has weight.
Some white powder looks like crystal.
White press refers to messages sent to other players which indicates who it is from.
White primer serves the same purpose.
White print is usually best, but yellow, red or gold are also very readable.
White privilege is a difficult term to explain.
White privilege is a powerful motivator to maintain the status quo.
White privilege is a thing that exists.
White privilege is a value deeply ingrained in our social fabric.
White privilege is more than a set of attitudes or individual opinions.
White privilege is the mother of all affirmative action.
White privilege is the result of institutional and cultural attitudes based in prejudice.
White privilege teaches that s where they belong.
White protesters riot.
White pudding is a variety made without blood, but using minced liver instead.
White pulp coats the blood vessels.
White pulp contains mostly lymphocytes.
White pulp is the blue stained areas visible within it.
White pumpkins are also available, along with ornamental winter squashes.
White puppies come from a recessive gene.
White puttees grided with black cotton stripes are optional.
White quadrangles indicate maps in progress.
White rabbits are notorious for sitting tight.
White rabbits cross paths.
White rabbits foretell faithfulness of a lover.
Most white rabbits cross paths.
White racism causes black teen pregnancies.
White racism causes blacks to do poorly academically.
White racism causes the staggering homicide rate among young black men.
White racism gets a free pass.
White racism has a negative impact on many people of color.
White racism is wrong.
White racism leads blacks to abuse drugs.
White racism leads to blacks having a disproportionate amount of earwax than other ethnic groups.
White racism leads to mass murder.
White racists use the n-word to show their derision for blacks.
White radiation is reflected from, or transmitted through, a fixed crystal.
White rats are a sign of help from unknown forces.
White rawhides are the safest.
White ray flowers surround bright flowers.
White ray flowers surround bright yellow flowers.
White ray flowers surround flowers.
White ray flowers surround yellow flowers.
White rectangle is the area for gravity modeling.
White rectangles are drown where the difference is negative, and green when difference is positive.
White rectangles are on the trees with directional signs at most junctions.
White rectangles mark the trail.
White regions are always colored.
White regions are gates.
White regions have very low or zero difference.
White regulation look with gold nylon net.
White residents seem, on average, to have better jobs.
White residue is all over objects in the home.
Some white residues reflect sunlight.
White revolutionaries live behind enemy lines.
White rhinestones cover connector bars where double strands meet the clasp strands.
White rhino prefer to eat certain types of grass and preferably short grass.
White rhinos are actually brown or gray.
White rhinos are among the largest living land animals.
White rhinos are enormous, and actually are the planet's second biggest mammals on land.
White rhinos are grazers.
White rhinos are practically hairless and have lengthier skulls than black rhinos.
White rhinos are rather docile and unlikely to charge.
White rhinos are rather unagressive towards other species.
White rhinos are the second largest land mammal after the elephant.
White rhinos are the second-biggest land animal.
White rhinos eat grass exclusively.
White rhinos face problems.
White rhinos face same problems.
White rhinos have almost no hair.
White rhinos have complex social structures.
White rhinos have horns.
White rhinos have lips.
White rhinos have perfect lips.
White rhinos have shape snouts.
White rhinos have skulls.
White rhinos have snouts.
White rhinos have two horns on the end of their nose.
White rhinos have two horns, the foremost more prominent than the other.
White rhinos have upper lips.
White rhinos live in savanna.
White rhinos live in savannahs.
White rhinos rely on their sense of smell and hearing which is well developed.
White rhinos tend to walk around with their head down, close to the ground.
White rhinos to graze on grass.
White rhinos weigh over kgs.
Most white rhinos have horns.
Most white rhinos have lips.
Most white rhinos have perfect lips.
Most white rhinos have shape snouts.
Most white rhinos have skulls.
Most white rhinos have snouts.
Most white rhinos have upper lips.
Some white rhinos have humps.
Some white rhinos have muzzles.
Some white rhinos have natural predators.
Some white rhinos have predators.
Some white rhinos have pronounce humps.
A white rhinoceros is a rhino
White rhinoceroses live on grassy plains in herds of about a dozen animals.
White rhinoceroses walk with their heads pointing downward and graze as cows do.
White rhinos eat primarily grasses, for which their square-shaped lips are ideally suited.
White rhinos live in savannas with water holes, mud wallows and shade trees.
White rhinos live in savannas.
White rhinos prefer flat lands and can occasionally be found in swampy regions.
Most white rhinos face problems.
Most white rhinos face same problems.
Most white rhinos live in savanna.
Most white rhinos live in savannahs.
Most white rhinos weigh over kgs.
Some white rhinos become mothers.
Some white rhinos eat grass.
Some white rhinos eat short grass.
White ribbon indicates alpha-subunit peptide.
White ribbons are a symbol of purity and healing.
White ribbons are center beam of sidescan.
White ribbons go on the original flavor.
White rice helps keep the heat under control, along with plenty of water and iced tea.
White rice is actually brown rice that has been polished.
White rice is another.
White rice is available in both long and short grains.
White rice is brown rice that is milled to remove the outer bran layers.
White rice is brown rice with the nutrient-rich bran removed.
White rice is good for light soups with subtle flavors.
White rice is high in carbohydrates but low in protein or vitamins.
White rice is made by removing the nutrient rich outer coating of brown rice.
White rice is nutritionally inferior to brown rice.
White rice is obtained by milling further to remove the rice bran.
White rice is quite inexpensive and can go with almost any entree.
White rice is rice
White rice is rice.
White rice is too mucous forming.
White rice is white.
White rice keeps well at room temperature.
White rice means rice that is obtained by removing bran from cargo non-glutinous rice.
White rice serves as a sharp counterpoint to the spiciness and heat of Indonesian food.
White rice takes twenty minutes and brown rice takes forty minutes.
Most white rice is enriched with B vitamins like folic acid, and iron.
Most white rice is enriched, giving it a nutritional value similar to brown rice.
Some white rice has endosperms.
Some white rice serves with bean sauces.
Some white rice serves with sauces.
White River is the highest ranked team in the top half of the bracket.
White River is the oldest U.S. timber reserve.
White River is tough to get onto.
White robes are the symbol of a heavenly being.
White Rock is a beautiful and special place.
White Rock is great.
White roe comes from males .
White roe comes from males.
White roofs demonstrate energy savings.
White roofs keep houses cooler in summer.
White roofs work because of the physics of sunlight.
A white room is a room
White rooms tend to be very dramatic and create a feeling of quiet luxury.
White root smells like a carrot, tastes like carrot when cooked.
White root smells like a carrot.
White roses are for true love and purity of the mind.
White roses are for true love.
White roses are seasonless and available year-round.
White roses are symbolic of innocence and secrecy.
White roses are symbolic of unity, love, beauty, innocence, and respect.
White roses come in long stem or rough cut.
White roses mean purity of the mind.
White roses signify spiritual love and purity.
White roses symbolize reverence and humility.
White roses tend to get faded after several hours.
White rots cause affected wood to become pale, soft and punky.
White rots occur also in wood products such as utility poles.
White rum is a clear, colorless rum, usually light-bodied and well suited for mixed drinks.
White rum is an optional ingredient.
White rust causes blisters on any part of the plant except the roots.
White rust causes white pustules on the leaves.
White rust is a common problem during cool, humid conditions.
White rust is a fungus
White rust is a serious problem in spinach production in the southern Great Plains and Texas.
White rust is funguses.
White rust is the major disease of spinach in Texas.
White rust produces small white pustules on the undersides of affected leaves.
A white sage is a mugwort
White sage has a wide range of medicinal properties.
White sage is found with other sages and cross-pollinates to form many hybrid varieties.
White sails are so boring.
White sails lean along the waves leaping green.
White salvia is a striking contrast to white asters.
White sand beaches beckon to sunbathers and picnickers.
White sand beaches gleam on a backdrop of turquoise water.
White sand beaches grace the shorelines, with long walks available next to the warm Pacific.
White sand bubbling from a spring silently ripples the water's surface.
White sand cascades everywhere.
White sand compliments electric blue water on one of the most pristine islands in the world.
White sand covers the fields two to three feet deep in some spots.
White sand is sprinkled randomly to cover the entire black surface of the plate.
White sand is used with rocks arranged in a simple, but artistic, manner.
White sand lines some of the little bays.
White sand marks the territory as where the gods are present.
White sand meets the gentle surf.
White sands shelve steeply down into clear blue-green water.
White sandbars are common along the route which passes through pine forests and pasture lands.
White sap oozes from the leaves and branches when cut.
White sapotes are often most productive following wet winters.
White sapotes have a taproot and other fibrous roots that are wandering and greedy like citrus.
White satin finish with gilt carvings.
White satin trim around collar, cuffs, empire waist and down front sides.
A white sauce is a sauce
White sauce is easy to make, but it's also easy to ruin.
White sauces are the simplest of the hot sauces.
White scales cover the back forming a zigzag irregular pattern.
White screens depolarize the light.
White sections are the newer additions.
White sections can occur on any color.
White seed is preferred for many food applications, and black seed is often discounted.
A white separatist is an advocate
Many white separatists are only half separate, which is no separation at all.
White servals are white with silvery grey spots and have only occur in captivity.
White set is trimmed in blue, with embroidered bears across the hood.
White set is trimmed in pink, with embroidered roses in hearts across the hood.
White set is trimmed in yellow, with embroidered ducks across the hood.
White settlers go through stages.
White settlers trickle in.
Most white settlers go through stages.
Some white settlers reduce likelihood.
A white shark is a mackerel shark
White sharks are apex predators.
White sharks are most abundant near colonies of seals and sea lions.
White sharks are present in the waters off the southeastern United States during winter months.
White sharks are primarily a coastal species and often enter very shallow water in search of prey.
White sharks are warm-bodied.
White sharks eat fish.
White sharks feed on animals.
White sharks feed on marine animals.
White sharks have choices.
White sharks live in sea.
White sharks occur in sea.
White sharks occur in temperate sea.
White sharks rank among the most dangerous sharks.
White sharks slap the water with their tail too, often as a warning to competitors.
White sharks swim powerfully and prey on such large animals as sea lions, tuna, and other sharks.
Most white sharks eat fish.
Most white sharks feed on animals.
Most white sharks feed on marine animals.
Most white sharks have choices.
Most white sharks live in sea.
Most white sharks occur in sea.
Most white sharks occur in temperate sea.
Some white sharks eat dolphins.
Some white sharks feed on whales.
Some white sharks have jaws.
Some white sharks have natural predators.
Some white sharks have predators.
Some white sharks reach maturity.
Some white sharks reach sexual maturity.
White shellac is more refined and is bleached to remove the tint.
White shingles reduce heat absorption.
White shirt features pointy split collar piped in matchine blue seersucker check and sleeve cuffs.
White shirts are almost always available on a closeout basis.
White shirts are always preferable.
White shirts are available at local merchants.
White shirts are boring and unimaginative.
White shirts are dead.
White shirts are preferred for men.
White shirts are the least expensive.
White shirts cover chests.
White shirts feature navy print.
White shirts reflect too much light, choose a subtle color like light blue or beige.
White shirts represent women who have died in violence.
White shirts shown have a standard neck, black and grey shirts shown have a V-neck.
White shirts work best for CLC transfers.
More white shit is predicted.
White shrimp have a translucent white shell with pink tinges on the rear segments and swimmer fins.
White shutters cover the large bay windows opening to a mountain ridge view.
White side rails with grey treads for high visibility.
White silicone is included unless otherwise specified.
White silos Painting the silo white after installation on the pad is a useful management tool.
White skin is a form of albinism.
White skin is tan, then white.
White skirts ARE white pants.
White slavery is, in fact, sanctioned by the Jewish religion.
White smoke announces that a pope has been elected.
White smoke billows.
White smoke curls from a nearby machine, adding a misty, watercolored memory effect.
White smoke is eliminated and cold-starting is improved.
White smoke is evidence of unburned or partially burned fuel.
White smoke is generated by vaporizing diesel fuel in a specially designed system .
White smoke is produced when coolant is burned in the engine's cylinders.
White smoke is steam, and is normally visible on a cold day.
White smoke is supposed to indicate a new pope, black smoke means no two-thirds majority.
White smoke means it is only damaged.
White smut causes light spots on the leaves.
A white snakeroot is a herb
White snakeroot causes trembles and ultimately milk sickness.
White snakeroot grows abundantly in Minnesota and in other states in the Midwest.
White snakeroot is extremely poisonous to livestock and people.
White snakeroots are herbs.
White snow covers the whole scene in winter.
White snow dominates the landscape while thick ice covers the lakes.
White snow reflects sunlight.
Most white snow reflects sunlight.
White soap reflects light, resulting in less contrast between shadow and light in the image.
White socks are acceptable and when they come in pairs are rather nice.
White socks are for people with no soul.
White socks are permissible with shorts and black or white tennis shoes.
White socks is common.
White socks work the best, as it's easier to spot ticks against the light fabric.
White soldiers claim that the army's standards are being lowered to accommodate black soldiers.
White sorghum is the preferred sorghum for making tortillas.
White space breaks an atom or integer.
White space can be useful, though, for increased legibility while authoring.
White space can make printed or displayed documents easier to read and more attractive.
White space clean up.
White space collapses into a single space.
White space consists of either spaces, tabs, blank lines, or any combination thereof.
White space consists of one or more space characters, carriage returns, line feeds, or tabs.
White space costs nothing and is worth a great deal.
White space draws attention to whatever it contains.
White space emphasizes material that it separates from the rest of the text.
White space enhances readability .
White space gives the child a more restful feeling.
White space helps the reader's eyes rest on what's important - whether that's an image or words.
White space includes spaces, tabs, and line breaks.
White space includes spaces, tabs, returns, and line feeds.
White space increases readability.
White space is a gift of time.
White space is a good eye-catcher that allows copy within the ad to stand out.
White space is a good thing.
White space is a much cleaner and practical alternative.
White space is a part of the page that doesn t have any text on it.
White space is a recognized tool in effective written communication.
White space is a special character.
White space is a typographic term for parts of a page that are empty - deliberately.
White space is added by the rendering software.
White space is an important design element.
White space is an important factor to readers.
White space is an important layout technique often overlooked by the inexperienced designer.
White space is any number of blanks or a new line.
White space is appropriate.
White space is attractive to the eye, so use it wisely.
White space is breaks in the text and between graphics that makes the site easier to read.
White space is charged on a line count basis when ordered.
White space is cheap and assists legibility.
White space is cheap in any colour.
White space is collapsed.
White space is compressed out of list elements.
White space is condensed to a single space.
White space is controlled by the spacebar and the enter key.
White space is crucial to make something stand out.
White space is defined as spaces, tabs, carriage returns, and line feeds.
White space is essential for clarity.
White space is essential to guide the eye, to avoid a crowded feel, and to enhance readability.
White space is essential.
White space is extravagance.
White space is fine.
White space is good White space is the empty areas of a page.
White space is good.
White space is handled according to the following rules.
White space is ignored - layout is only important for clarity.
White space is ignored except as it serves to separate tokens.
White space is ignored though words are separated with a single space character.
White space is ignored, except as it separates words.
White space is ignored.
White space is important in both print and electronic design.
White space is important in good design.
White space is nothing.
White space is often better than words.
White space is often the secret ingredient to make an ad inviting and to attract the reader.
White space is one of many design principles used in other media that apply to the Web.
White space is one of the best means to attract attention.
White space is only meaningful to separate tokens.
White space is optional before the first slash and after the second.
White space is our tool.
White space is permitted between tokens.
White space is plentiful and gives ample room to the relatively lengthy copy.
White space is preferable over a bunch of garbled content.
White space is recognized as the word delimiter.
White space is required between the version and the encoding declaration.
White space is simply blank sections of the page.
White space is the absence of content.
White space is the area of a page where nothing appears.
White space is the key and the tool.
White space is the space between things that give the things their meaning.
White space is the space that surrounds the text.
White space is the Web writer's friend.
White space is trimmed from the strings.
White space is used effectively to dramatize the growth of the teeming residence.
White space is used to delimit blocks, ensuring obvious block structure.
White space is used to separate elements, and to draw attention to elements, among other things.
White space is used to separate items and is otherwise ignored.
White space is used wisely and content appearance is enhanced.
White space is user-friendly.
White space is utilized most effectively here.
White space is very important because it is where the eye rests.
White space is very important in good design, and is often ignored.
White space is very important.
White space is way nicer than clip art.
White space is white space even when it's orange.
White space makes a page easier on the eyes.
White space makes a site easier to read.
White space makes long text easier to read.
White space makes pages more appealing.
White space makes text easier to read.
White space makes the ad copy look shorter and more appealing.
White space means open areas of the page without graphics or text.
White space means unstable FP resonator cavities.
White space provides a place for the eye to rest.
White space provides context, organization, and a restful place for the eyes.
White space provides contrast and allows the eyes to rest.
White space provides contrast to the columns of text, especially in newsletters with long articles.
White space refers to the amount of blank space between lines or groups of lines.
White space represents idle time.
White space separates parameters in a line.
White space separates the fields.
White space serves several important functions in a design.
White space serves two distinct purposes.
White space spreads out the info and slows the hunt.
White space spreads out the information and slows the hunt.
White space Use minimal white space in source files.
White spaces are acceptable.
White spaces are available to separate the elemental symbols.
White spaces are space, newline, carriage return, tab, vertical tab, or formfeed characters.
White spaces are student, visitor, and alumni.
White spaces expand in a larger amount than expansion within words.
White spaces indicate that there is no show planned for that time.
All white space is condensed to a single space.
More white space means a more scannable resume.
More white space means a scannable resume.
Some white space is required to separate otherwise adjacent identifiers, keywords, and constants.
Some white space makes it look a little more interesting.
White spears are preferred in some regions and green spears in others.
White spears are usually thick and are smoother than the green variety.
White spears tend to be thicker and smoother than the green variety.
White specs are from marine mammals breaking the surface of the water.
White specks appearing around the burned region indicate the gel is working.
White spells cost an additional to cast.
Most white spinel is synthetic.
White spirea is rated poor for cover value.
White spirit is a good de-greasant.
White spirit makes a watery mixture with the colour and evaporates more quickly.
White spot has a lazy rolling action.
White spot is a relatively minor and infrequent disease on cole crops.
White spot is very common fish disease in new tanks.
White spot likes when temperature varies.
White spots accompany the red coat of fur.
White spots appear on surface of older leaves, enlarging and yellowing.
White spots are a sign of improper rinsing.
White spots can be baby bottle tooth decay.
White spots dot the long fore wing.
White spots indicate dead and defoliated branches.
White spots indicate infected king salmon heart.
White spots indicate moisture on the glass before decorating.
White spots indicate positions where there are no magnets.
White spots occur near the tip of the abdomen and along the sides of the insect.
White spots surrounding the eye look like a broken eye-ring.
White spots turn up occasionally on the chest of either color phase.
Some white spots appear on fins.
Some white spots surround eyes.
White sprouts are better for use when adding to bread because of their light color.
A white spruce is a spruce
White spruce are somewhat susceptible.
White spruce becomes less accommodating of soil with increasing severity of climate .
White spruce can live for several hundred years.
White spruce grows best in full sunlight and it tolerates shade.
White spruce grows best in well-drained, moist, silty loam and clay soils.
White spruce grows on a wide variety of soils of glacial, lacustrine, marine, or alluvial origin.
White spruce has a good natural shape.
White spruce has a transcontinental distribution.
White spruce has a transcontinental range in North America.
White spruce has excellent foliage color, short stiff needles, and a good, natural shape.
White spruce has one of the largest ranges of any North American conifer.
White spruce is a climax canopy tree in the boreal forests of Canada and Alaska.
White spruce is a popular tree in Canada, also.
White spruce is also common and balsam fir occurs in minor quantities.
White spruce is important as a source of food for grouse and seed eating birds.
White spruce is intermediately susceptible.
White spruce is one of the most valued wood species in Canada.
White spruce is rated as resistant to preservative treatment.
White spruce is sensitive to transplanting shock.
White spruce is subject to severe damage from spring frosts.
White spruce is the commercial tree of the area.
White spruce is the provincial tree of Manitoba.
White spruce is tolerant of a considerable amount of shade.
White spruce stands typically have well-developed organic soil layers.
White spruces are plants.
White spruces are spruces.
White spruces grow from eastern Canada and Maine westward into Alaska.
White square indicates the white pieces, shaded square indicates black.
All white squirrels are at a disadvantage because they are easily spotted by predators.
White stains are probably salts drawn from concrete or cementitious substrates.
White stakes are out of bounds.
White stakes indicate out of bounds.
White starts are even hotter, and blue stars are the hottest.
White steam rising at flow front is produced by artificial water spray.
White stock is made from unbrowned meat and bones of beef, veal, or poultry.
White stock is the simplest stock to make.
White stocks are clear to light yellow while brown stocks are brown.
White stocks are light in color while brown stocks are dark in color.
White stockings are a serious fault.
White stockings show above the tops of patent leather slippers.
White stones can include moonstone, but also the clear stones such as clear quartz or diamonds.
A white stork is a stork
White storks are common in agricultural areas near wetlands.
White storks avoid areas overgrown with tall grass and shrub.
White storks consume a wide variety of animal prey.
White storks consume animal prey.
White storks consume prey.
White storks fly with their necks outstretched.
White storks have legs.
White storks tend to avoid areas that are overgrown with tall trees and shrubs.
Most white storks have legs.
Some white storks have presence.
White story tells the bravery and the selfless love that friendship brings.
White streaks develop in leaves after bloom.
White streaks vary with the season.
White strips hold firmly, yet remove cleanly, won t stain walls.
White stripes are actually ribbon sewn onto the dark blue collar and cuffs.
White stripes are evident across the abdomen of the fly.
Some white stripes extend from backs.
Some white stripes extend from corners.
Some white stripes extend from eyes.
Some white stripes run across backs.
Some white stripes run down centers.
Some white stripes run down sides.
White students are in the minority at both schools.
White students are more likely than black or Hispanic students to smoke frequently.
White students are most likely to drop out in good academic standing.
White students are twice as likely to engage in binge drinking compared to other ethnic groups.
White students are underrepresented in some schools and over-represented in others.
White students continue to score higher in both subjects than black or Hispanic students.
White students end up feeling like they are attending a group that's part of another culture.
White students expect to see a white world, but in class tell of being amazed at what they find.
White students face no such problems.
White students have highest rates of smoking.
White students stop referring to minorities as niggers, chinks, etc.
White students talk about race.
Most white students drive cars and come in a side door near the parking lot.
Some white students treat minority students different from other white students.
White stuff is gone.
White sturgeon are native to Washington State and parts of Oregon, Idaho and British Columbia.
White sturgeon are the largest fish in the exhibit.
White sturgeon grow slowly but live long.
White sturgeon inhabit large rivers throughout the northwest.
White sturgeon inhabit three large river systems, all on the western coast of North America.
White sturgeon is fish.
White sturgeon is sturgeon
White sturgeon is sturgeon.
White sturgeon produce a very fine quality egg that compares with the more famous Russian caviar.
White suburbanites identify welfare dependency with blacks and the inner cities.
White sugar comes from sugar cane or sugar beets that have undergone a rigorous refining process.
White sugar has no calcium in it, while sugar cane does.
White sugar has no flavor.
White sugar is a pure compound called sucrose.
White sugar is a source of fuel and of nothing else.
White sugar is highly refined, and requires far more processing to be converted into energy.
White sugar is sucrose, whereas invert sugar is a breakdown product of sucrose.
White suits tend to add pounds.
White sulphur contains poison.
Most white sulphur contains poison.
White sunlight contains a prism, or rainbow, of colors.
White sunlight contains all colors.
White sunlight contains the entire color spectrum.
White sunlight is made up of all colours, travelling to the Earth as waves.
White sunlight is really a lot of different colors of light mixed together.
White sunlight is split into a rainbow of colors.
A white supremacist is an advocate
White supremacists pay attention.
White supremacists play on people's darkest fears, and they know what buttons to push.
White supremacy continues to have a devastating impact on African people throughout the world.
White supremacy depends on the premise that black people have terrible lives.
White supremacy implies black inferiority.
White supremacy implies Black inferiority.
White supremacy imposed by law is gone.
White supremacy is a form of racism.
White supremacy is a system of power.
White supremacy is ancient and global.
White supremacy is no thing of the past, no fringe movement.
White supremacy is racism
White supremacy is racism.
White surfaces reflect the whole of it.
White swans are in abundance.
White symbols encircle other sampled individuals.
White symbols represent wells located on aerial photographs.
White table covers on food tables.
White table linens host fresh flowers.
White table linens, doily service and after-dinner ports and sherries, if one chooses.
White tablecloths are standard, but jeans are acceptable.
White tags are preferred.
White tail fawns have coats.
White tail fawns have reddish coats.
A white tail is a deer
White tails are plentiful and challenging here as well.
White tails hold backs.
Most white tails hold backs.
Some white tails feature black stripes.
Some white tails feature solid black stripes.
Some white tails feature solid stripes.
Some white tails have black stripes.
Some white tails have stripes.
White tape encircles each fist and a paint brush sticks out.
White tarp has about twice the weave density as compared to blue.
White tea comes from a rare strain of the tea plant and is harvested only a few days of the year.
White tea contains the same types of polyphenols as green tea, but in different proportions.
White tea has very little caffeine.
White tea is a rare but distinct category of Chinese teas.
White tea is also the least processed of all tea.
White tea is also the most minimally processed of all tea varieties.
White tea is harvested for only a few days each year.
White tea is one of the most glamorous and expensive teas in the world.
White tea is produced in China exclusively, mainly in Fukien province.
White tea is tea in which buds, rather than leaves, predominate.
White teas are fairly rare, and often used for special occasions or ceremony.
White teas are perfect to enjoy in the evening after a light dinner.
White teas are the closest to the fresh taste of pure tea leaves.
White teachers direct more nonverbal criticism toward black male students.
White team wears the cap with white side out, and red team red side out.
White teens are at greater risk than other ethnic groups for cigarette and alcohol use.
White teenagers are still more likely to commit suicide than blacks.
White tents surround all the rings, and there is ample room for dogs waiting to be judged.
White tequila is ready for export immediately after distillation, requiring no aging.
White tequilas are best for cocktails like Margaritas.
White text appears on black background.
White text centered under the orange title and author's name is a story teaser.
White text flares out and the grid test pattern bulges and is distorted.
White text is simply the instructions or outline.
White theaters try to pimp black audiences.
White things reflect almost all the photons, that's why they look so light.
White thread is used in the sample for demonstration only.
White throat has a thick band of orange.
White throat has distinct black stripes.
White thrombi tend to form in vascular regions of endothelial irregularity that have rapid flow.
A white tie is a dress
White tie is the ultimate in formal dress for men.
White tigers are a genetic rarity that occurs in India.
White tigers are actually albinos.
White tigers are adapted with their white body and gray stripes.
White tigers are an aberration.
White tigers are extremely rare in the wild.
White tigers are found only in captivity.
White tigers are naturally rare in the wild.
White tigers are one of the best swimmers.
White tigers are seemingly bigger as compared to the original tigers both at birth and at maturity.
White tigers are solitary animals, which means they are on their own.
White tigers are the rarest tiger.
White tigers are tigers.
White tigers are too rare in the creature monarch.
White tigers are very hard to find in the wild.
White tigers are very rare in the wild, and today they can only be seen in zoos.
White tigers have blue eyes, a pink nose, and creamy white fur with chocolate colored stripes.
White tigers have blue eyes, pink noses, and creamy white fur with chocolate colored stripes.
White tigers have blue eyes.
White tigers have brown stripes.
White tigers have dark stripes.
White tigers have enemies.
White tigers have eyes.
White tigers have jaws.
White tigers have many birth fatalities because of inbreeding.
White tigers have powerful jaws, razor sharp claws, and huge canine teeth.
White tigers have powerful jaws.
White tigers have stripes.
White tigers peer from the thick jungle on a par five.
All white tigers are Bengal tigers.
Many white tigers have blue eyes, but some have amber or even greenish eye.
Most white tigers have blue eyes.
Most white tigers have brown stripes.
Most white tigers have dark stripes.
Most white tigers have enemies.
Most white tigers have eyes.
Most white tigers have jaws.
Most white tigers have powerful jaws.
Most white tigers have stripes.
White tiles have sides.
Most white tiles have sides.
White time is mind time, body time, soul time, heart time.
White time is other worlds, other dimensions, other states of being.
White tin has a tetragonal structure.
White tin is a very shiny, ductile and malleable metal.
White tin is the normal form of the metal and has many uses.
White tissue is recommended.
White teeth are an indication of a serious disease.
White toothpaste makes a nice, bright star but takes a long time to dry.
White topaz grounds the emotional body.
White topaz is clear.
White topside reflects the sun, keeping inside of patio cool.
White towels are available at the bottom of the stairway.
White towels can remove a fair degree of soil and produce a good appearance.
White Township covers an area over forty square miles.
White trace is broadside.
White trace is the current path.
White track indicates Automatic operations.
White trail rejoins Blue trail near park road, crosses stream and re-enters woods.
White trail rejoins Blue.
White trails look like spider webs.
Many white trappers operate in what now is eastern Wyoming.
White trash is on a spending spree with our credit card.
White trash is the last acceptable racist phrase.
White trash is White
White trim is a little dingy.
White trim is around the door frame and upstairs windows and rough shingles line the ebony roof.
White trim surrounds the neck and the edges.
White trousers are impossible to find in American clothing stores.
White truffles are slightly bigger than black truffles and command higher prices.
White truffles come from Italy's Piedmont region.
White truffles taste best when served uncooked.
Some white truffles irritate eyes.
White tuffs are evidence of some of the violent eruptions.
White tulips represent forgiveness.
White tulips sit on a dust-free coffee table with one book and one magazine on it.
White tune is eaten in oil, in vinegar, with chopped onions and with tomato sauce .
White turkey is lower in calories than any other meat, including chicken.
White turmeric is used as a raw vegetable and resembles ginger.
A white turnip is a herb
White turnip is sweet, pungent, and slightly cool.
White turquoise is available in most all of our jewelry products with the exception of earrings.
White turtlenecks are acceptable under long sleeve shirts.
White type is hard to read.
Some white umbrellas reflect light.
White underbellies are common.
White undershirts are to be worn under the light blue shirts.
White unicorns come gravely down to the water.
White uniforms can quickly become yellowed or grayed through wear and washing.
White vapor emerging briefly from the tailpipe on a cold morning is nothing to worry about.
White varieties are also available.
White varieties are crisp and aromatic while red varieties are lush with generous structure.
White varieties are more susceptible than colored ones.
White varieties have a yellow colored transition front.
White varieties tend to be less acidic than the pinks and reds.
White veils seal the collection, creating one striking piece of art.
White veins are metal, gemlike yellow inclusions, grey-black matrix without chondrules.
White vinegar can also remove stains and odors from the carpet left from pet stains.
White vinegar is a good cleaner for mineral buildup.
White vinegar is a good odor neutralizer.
White vinegar is a good substitute.
White vinegar is a great antiseptic for cleaning cutting boards, kitchen counters and drains.
White vinegar is a matter of preference and they use white and cider vinegar interchangably.
White vinegar is an excellent cleaner to use and is safe on most carpets.
White vinegar is pretty good at getting out that kind of stuff.
White vinegar is safe for use on all color-fast fabrics other than cotton and linen.
White vinegar is said to remove residues from clothing.
White vinegar is the cheapest and works as well as others.
White vinegar takes salt and water stains off of leather.
White violet is violet
White violets hover low.
White volunteers stuff white envelopes at a table nearby.
Some white wagtails defend territory.
White walls alternate with walls of black lava.
White walls appear endless and tall men with implements prod the comers of swollen flesh.
White walls contrast against the gray, giving the space an art deco feeling.
White walls get scrubbed, wire wheels get a pressure spray and chrome gets gently buffed.
White walls makes it easier to see how clean it is.
White walls reflect light while dark walls absorb it.
White wampum is made from the central column of a whelk shell.
White wampum is the emblem of health, peace or purity.
White warblers have habits.
Most white warblers have habits.
White water is foam
White water is foam.
White water is the foamy, frothy water in rapids and waterfalls.
White water refers to the turbulence-triggereed foam.
White water rushes round the eastern town.
Some white water has flowers.
White wax covers the bodies of the scales.
Some white wax is produced by prey.
White weapons are chunks of left over foam that have been covered in white fabric.
A white whale is a dolphin
White whales are very social.
White whales can radically change the shape of their bulbous melon.
White whales live in tropical water.
White whales live in water.
Most white whales live in tropical water.
Most white whales live in water.
White wheat can allow more flour extraction without having the flour's color darkened by the bran.
White wheat has a slightly sweeter taste than the red wheats.
White wheat is the predominate kind grown in Washington.
White whiskers are well developed in males.
A white willow is a willow
White willow contains salicin, which is similar to aspirin.
White willow contains salicin, which is similar to the salicylic acid found in aspirin.
White willow is the source for methylsalicylate.
White willow seems to be the best, but all have a chemical called salicene.
White willow works similarly to aspirin.
White willows are willows.
White windows enhance vial readability in low light.
White wine can take the place of the vinegar.
White wine come from green grapes while red wine comes from red or black grapes.
White wine contains more than other drinks.
White wine go better with most cheeses than red.
White wine goes with fish.
White wine is a favourite drink, followed by bitter and whisky.
White wine is also a dessert wine.
White wine is an excellent compliment to appetizers and smaller dishes.
White wine is made by a different process.
White wine is made by fermenting clarified juice.
White wine is served more chilled than red-holding the glass by the stem helps it to remain chilled.
White wine is too high in sugar.
White wine is wine
White wine is wine.
White wine ranges in color from colorless through the yellows, the golds and into the brown hues.
White wine works well with many cheeses.
White wines aged in wooden barrels, however, do pick up the tannins from the wood of the barrels.
White wines are generally safer than reds, but a good red is better than a cheap white.
White wines are generally shorter- lived than red wines.
White wines are usually too fruity for thyme.
White wines become darker as they age, from a pale green-yellow to a gold color.
White wines can be a little higher acid than reds.
White wines can take on aromas of menthol, hazelnut, honey, caramel, cinnamon.
White wines chilled are great light accompaniments to a BBQ on a hot summer's day.
White wines come from white grapes.
White wines come off better a bit chilled.
White wines degrade faster than reds.
White wines dominate, but some reds and dessert style wines are also produced.
White wines go better with many cheeses than reds.
White wines tend to be light and flowery.
White wines tend to come on the market earlier.
White wines turn golden and then brown.
White wines vary from almost colorless, to hints of green or yellow.
White wines vary from clear, through light green and all shades of yellow, to deep golden brown.
White wines vary from the palest of yellow to a mild green.
Many white wines are great with spicy food.
Most white wines sold in Israel today are light and fruity and classified as semi dry.
Some white wines exhibit signs of astringency, a drying out of the mouth.
White wing lining in contrast to very dark body plumage is a good identification clue.
Most white wings spend the winter far southward in Central America.
Some white wings have bands.
Some white wings have narrow bands.
White wire is grounded.
White wire is new, black wire is old, orange is extension cable.
White wire is positive.
White wires fire in all modes.
Some white witches fall to death.
White witchcraft is also honest, ethical, truthful, AND gentle.
A white woman is a woman
A white woman is White
White woman are too privileged and stupid to understand the plight of the black woman.
White women appear to be more socially isolated and to engage in higher risk behaviors.
White women are at greater risk than Black women for hip fracture due to osteoporosis.
White women are at higher risk than black women, and white men are at higher risk than black men.
White women are at highest risk for falls and hip fractures.
White women are at much greater risk of death than white men and the disparity is increasing.
White women are by far the greatest beneficiaries of state preference programs.
White women are incapable of understanding oppression.
White women are more likely than any other group to die from heart disease.
White women are more likely to be raped by black men than by white men.
White women are more likely to be raped by Black men than by white men.
White women are more likely to develop breast cancer than African American women.
White women are more likely to develop breast cancer than African-American women.
White women are more likely to develop breast cancer, Black women are less likely to survive it.
White women are more likely to develop osteoporosis than men or black women.
White women are more likely to get breast cancer than African-American women.
White women are scarce here.
White women are slightly more likely to develop breast cancer than African-American women.
White women are slightly more likely to develop breast cancer than are African-American women.
White women are the central focus of Birth.
White women are women.
White women come in all shapes and sizes because the white people are fucked up.
White women go through menopause earlier than black women.
White women have a greater chance of developing uterine cancer than black women.
White women have a higher life expectancy rate than black women.
White women have a higher rate of developing breast cancer than any other racial or ethnic group.
White women have a slightly higher risk of developing breast cancer than black women.
White women have higher smoking rates than Hispanic or African American women.
White women have substance just like anyone else.
White women live longer than all the rest.
White women seem to have taken an even greater part in promoting Indian pottery.
White women take seats.
White women tend to reflect light and look corpulent.
Every white woman deserves it.
Every white woman loves to suck big black cocks and get fucked by a big penis.
Every white woman needs photos of a big penis.
Many white women act on their principles to subvert the evil system.
More white women develop breast cancer than black women, but more black women die from it.
Most white women take seats.
White wool is most desirable since it can be died.
White workers know that minority fellow workers are held to a lower standard.
White wrappers show no soiling.
White writers find black voices.
White yam is a vine
White yams are much sweeter.
White yarrow is drought tolerant and is used in dried flower arrangements.
White yarrow is the most medicinally active variety.
White yolk is low in fat and is formed during the night.
White yolk is produced at night and contains more protein.
White youth are twice as likely as African-American youth to be represented by private counsel.
White youth are twice as likely to be represented by private counsel as African American youth.
White is color
White is color.
White is colour.
White is men.
Whites account for a slightly lower proportion of Anchorage s population than they do nationwide.
Whites appear very pure and bright, while black level is generally quite excellent.
Whites are a minority here, but they have the power.
Whites are a minority here.
Whites are a minority in two other states, New Mexico and Hawaii, and in the District of Columbia.
Whites are a patronized underclass.
Whites are a school fish that prefer deep, open water.
Whites are a severe minority on the planet.
Whites are a world minority, vastly outnumbered by colored.
Whites are about to become a minority in the country they founded and brought to greatness.
Whites are active as human rights campaigners and lawyers.
Whites are afraid of economic competition with Asia.
Whites are afraid to hire minorities.
Whites are already an endangered species.
Whites are always a pain.
Whites are anything but united in political and life philosophies on campus.
Whites are apprehensive of blacks and blacks are offended being the subjects of that apprehension.
Whites are apprehensive.
Whites are back.
Whites are best from the most recent vintage .
Whites are best with two or three years' age , reds improve for five years or more.
Whites are best with two to four years' age , reds with five or more.
Whites are best within the first two years, reds between five and eight years.
Whites are best young, reds are better with four to five years' age .
Whites are black and blacks are white.
Whites are bright, clean and free of blotches and blooming.
Whites are far more likely to be the marginal players filling out a roster.
Whites are far more superior than jungle bunnies. . . .
Whites are far more superior than jungle bunnies. .
Whites are generally haves.
Whites are generally safer than reds, but a good red is better than a cheap white.
Whites are in a minority in our community.
Whites are interested in objects.
Whites are less willing to live in black neighborhoods.
Whites are light, sweetish and very delicate and also use just the bud of the tea.
Whites are mainly of English, German, and Dutch descent.
Whites are mainly of German, English, and Dutch descent.
Whites are minor.
Whites are morally deficient due to a lack of skin pigment.
Whites are more likely than blacks and men more likely than women to support the death penalty.
Whites are more likely than blacks to receive annual dental care, including check-ups.
Whites are more likely than blacks to report a lack of confidence in the system.
Whites are more likely to acquit if defendant charged with crimes against blacks.
Whites are more likely to drink, smoke and attempt suicide.
Whites are more likely to place the elderly in retirement homes than non-whites.
Whites are more likely to think handguns serve a worthwhile purpose.
Whites are more satisfied than nonwhites.
Whites are more than twice as likely as blacks, for example, to own a rifle or shotgun.
Whites are most trusting of police.
Whites are much more likely to own a home computer and use World Wide Web, researchers say.
Whites are nearly twice as likely to be fans of hockey as are blacks.
Whites are never muddy.
Whites are no longer the majority everywhere in America.
Whites are now a minority in California and it's only going to get worse.
Whites are now a minority in California.
Whites are now officially a California minority race.
Whites are often light pink, and pinks often acquire a brown ting.
Whites are pure, blacks are deep and everything in between is absolutely perfect.
Whites are pure, while shadows and blacks are firm.
Whites are reinforced bonded finishes that maintain their gloss through years of use.
Whites are relentlessly acquisitive.
Whites are rich from it.
Whites are significantly more likely to believe that the courts are too harsh on criminals.
Whites are slow to yellow.
Whites are stable and contrast is decent.
Whites are still substantially more likely than minorities to own a home in America.
Whites are still upper class.
Whites are superior.
Whites are superiors than blacks.
Whites are the biggest bloc vote in the United States.
Whites are the hatemongers.
Whites are the key to tracking, if that is desired since they are blank for all colors.
Whites are the majority group and control every facet of U.S. life.
Whites are the master race.
Whites are the most notorious for changing colour as they grow.
Whites are the oppressors, even in the midst of their tolerance.
Whites are the people who invented free speech.
Whites are the problem.
Whites are three times as likely to participate as blacks.
Whites are very white and text is sharp from edge to edge.
Whites are victims of their own treacherous selves more than anything else.
Whites are white.
Whites are workable, but reds can really sing.
Whites are, overwhelmingly, the primary victims in violent crimes relevant to capital cases.
Whites assume that poverty-stricken areas only run in Mexican communities.
Whites become whiter with each use.
Whites build and live according to what their genes dictate.
Whites burn whiter, edges remain sharper, brighter in general.
Whites can be drunk young, but improve for five or more years.
Whites can begin to notice the lack of faculty and staff of color on their campus.
Whites can borrow millions of dollars, own the big industries, and make the major job decisions.
Whites can give to their church and alma mater and one other major interest and feel satisfied.
Whites can handle straight alcohol.
Whites can help.
Whites can improve for four or five years.
Whites can more easily afford to place the elderly in retirement homes.
Whites can only be victims of a hate crime if they are homosexual.
Whites carry the attitude that black laborers are unsusceptible to anything.
Whites cheer while many blacks are critical.
Whites cluster together, and people who work on the newspaper, the football team, and so forth.
Whites consider rugby a last bastion of dominance.
Whites control access to good jobs.
Whites cover up their hatred simply because other races are useful to their prosperity.
Whites devote themselves to having fun and hanging out with pals.
Whites didn t stick up for whites, and blacks didn t stick up for blacks.
Whites discriminate against whites.
Whites do better at getting charges dropped or reduced to lesser offenses.
Whites do better at getting charges dropped or reduced.
Whites do hold more power in society than people of colour.
Whites do it.
Whites do the same damn thing.
Whites dominate in power sports such as weightlifting, gymnastics and wrestling.
Whites donate almost ninety percent of kidneys in the United States.
Whites eat whale blubber.
Whites enhance the bright summer garden with a wonderfully cooling effect.
Whites enjoy more consideration and are given more resources than blacks.
Whites expect to learn the stories that bring wisdom to the Native American people.
Whites expressing their thoughts are racist or bigots.
Whites fill the inner cities, have less advantages and are in the minority.
Whites find the very idea of the program offensive.
Whites generally have higher incomes than do blacks.
Whites get a much easier test.
Whites hang out in separate areas than blacks.
Whites have a fear of polluting their class.
Whites have a responsibility to do what they can to repair the damage done by their white forebears.
Whites have access because of privilege.
Whites have attitudes too.
Whites have bull eyes.
Whites have fewer multiple births than families of African ancestry.
Whites have highly sensitive detectors in their snouts.
Whites have no mask.
Whites have serious problems, too.
Whites have the highest rate of deaths due to coronary heart disease.
Whites have the highest risk for the disease.
Whites have to become race traitors.
Whites have to do it, too.
Whites have trouble seeing their inherent advantage.
Whites indicate the lowest levels of abuse of drugs other than gateway drugs.
Whites just mimic the folks on television, their teachers, and their family.
Whites know more, have more, and get more.
Whites like to hang around structure like points, humps, roadbeds, creeks and rivers.
Whites live in a world of power and privilege, blacks in another world entirely.
Whites live in exclusive suburbs in the northern part of the city.
Whites live on the top floors, while the blacks live on the lower ones, forming different families.
Whites live twice as long as blacks.
Whites make sure that their dollars stay in their community a day.
Whites make up only a small part of Peru's total population.
Whites obviously control most of the power in our nation.
Whites owe nothing more because whites have done nothing wrong.
Whites own the bulk of Zimbabwe's arable land.
Whites predominate in most of the areas eligible for annexation.
Whites prefer a segregated lifestyle.
Whites receive five times as many home loans as blacks of the same income.
Whites see black men in white neighborhoods or expensive shops as predators.
Whites see little problem when it comes to opportunities for blacks in jobs, education and housing.
Whites see opportunities increasing for blacks.
Whites seem to get more negative about their living conditions.
Whites seem to go to prison at the same rate as European countries.
Whites show a lack of compas- sion when they commemorate events that are tragedies to Indian tribes.
Whites smoke somewhat more than blacks.
Whites spill out into the pan because the holes in the cups are so large.
Whites split almost evenly between the two states.
Whites stay here, whites live here.
Whites stay with whites, blacks stay with blacks, and latins stay with latins.
Whites still dominate the market, but their growth has been slower.
Whites still have the power to change their destiny.
Whites still occupy federal, state, and local public office in disproportion to their numbers.
Whites still own half the fertile farms, including two million acres of uncultivated land.
Whites support the death penalty more than blacks, and men more than women.
Whites talk about blacks.
Whites tend to be more mobile because they have higher incomes than members of some minority groups.
Whites tend to be more supportive of the death penalty.
Whites tend to claim that the best way to reduce racism is to reduce black crime.
Whites tend to congregate in river bends, where currents have dug deep pools.
Whites tend to go online at higher rates than minorities.
Whites tend to have slower hand and foot speed.
Whites tend to project our positive thinking onto the Other.
Whites tend to react less than reds.
Whites tend to victimize whites.
Whites then turn into shades of gray.
Whites there believe in their heritage.
Whites typically imagine that the humiliations of savage racial injustice are a thing of the past.
Whites use a tremendous amount of pills in combination with hard drugs.
Whites use nursing homes about twice as much as people of color.
Whites watch blacks, and in a series of shot-reverse shots a circuit of desire is traced.
Whites worship jews.
Whites often come from pampered permissive backgrounds.
All whites deserve to be stigmatized as racists.
Many whites are crisp.
Many whites are still apprehensive about living with blacks.
Many whites are sympathetic.
Many whites are uneasy with the new multi-cultural society.
Many Whites continue to move out of the central city area.
Many whites don t feel it.
Many whites get upset when blacks talk about the past.
Many whites have mealie pap for breakfast every day because they like it.
Many whites speak the same dialect in the South.
Many whites think blacks are getting more than their fair share.
Many whites think that all the laws do is protect the minorities at the expense of the whites.
More whites say lack of motivation hinders blacks.
Most whites are less assertive in their use of the orange peels.
Most whites are ready quite soon but the best can age for five to ten years.
Most whites can improve for two or three years.
Most whites disagree.
Most whites fail to recognise the existence of a white culture.
Most whites have jobs and obligations and don t have time to hurt people and destroy property.
Most whites have no idea how profound it is.
Most whites hold negative images of people of color.
Most whites move from declining mixed racial areas.
Some whites are able to write authentically about the black experience.
Some whites are actually and honestly scared, and show it all the time.
Some whites are nice, eh.
Some whites are resentful and look at all minorities in school as unqualified.
Some whites are tired of the issue.
Some whites escalate their response in prison.
Some whites hesitate to talk about race for fear of being taken the wrong way.
Some whites make an initial visit, but few return.
Some whites think some blacks are lazy.
A whitebait is a young fish
Whitebait are tender and edible, and can be regarded as a delicacy.
Whitebait are young herrings or sprat and are delicious.
Whiteboard software helps maintain the electronic calendars of all team or group members.
A whitecap is a wave
Whitecaps are always white.
Whitecaps are no exception.
Whitecaps are on that water, too, but the pond is where the other birds are seeking shelter.
Whitecaps are waves.
Whitecaps disguise the splashes whales make when they break the surface.
Whitecaps explode against the bow.
Whitecaps now appeals.
Whitecaps run to the horizon, blown by a stiff wind.
Whitecaps spread across the lake.
Whitecaps take the series opener.
Many whitecaps are formed.
Whitefish Bay is located along the shores of Lake Michigan.
Whitefish River meanders through our town.
Whitefish salad contains pureed fish, no onion, no pickles.
A whitefish is a food fish
Whitefish are carnivorous, always looking in groups for a good meal of smaller fish.
Whitefish are very easy too.
Whitefish are very scaly fish that can reach a variety of sizes.
Whitefish has among the finest medical facilities of any resort community in the country.
Whitefish is a fun, robust resort town surrounded by a wide variety of outdoor activities.
Whitefish is a major part of the trout diet and it's the same with the pike.
Whitefish is a paradise for urban refugees cum alpine adventures.
Whitefish is a particularly attractive town.
Whitefish is a town of survivors and skiers.
Whitefish is in the northwest of Montana, more in huckleberry country.
Whitefish is located in beautiful Flathead Valley.
Whitefish is regarded nationwide as an authentic recreation hot spot.
Whitefish is the home of The Big Mountain, Montana's largest and most popular ski area.
Whitefish is the perfect place to raise children.
Whitefish offers two of the best courses in Montana.
Whitefish vary quite a bit when it comes to spawning.
Whitefishs are freshwater fish.
Whitefishs are part of whitefishs.
Whitefishs are seafood.
Whitefish usually are in schools.
Most whitefly species are arrhenotokous, and females are produced from fertilized eggs.
Some whitefly species are serious pests of cultivated plants.
A whitefly is an insect
Whiteflies also can transmit diseases, such as viruses, between plants.
Whiteflies also produce a sticky substance called honeydew , which is left behind on the host.
Whiteflies also secrete a sticky substance called honeydew .
Whiteflies are a common problem on poinsettias.
Whiteflies are a difficult problem.
Whiteflies are a serious problem on indoor plants.
Whiteflies are also notoriously difficult to control by chemical means.
Whiteflies are also present, but more data are needed on insect vectors.
Whiteflies are common and the incidence of beet pseudo yellows is relatively high.
Whiteflies are common pests on many ornamental plants.
Whiteflies are efficient vectors of viral diseases.
Whiteflies are hard to control.
Whiteflies are here.
Whiteflies are insects.
Whiteflies are known to be attacked by diverse natural enemies.
Whiteflies are minute sucking insects which as adults resemble tiny white moths.
Whiteflies are often very difficult to control.
Whiteflies are one of the easiest cotton insects to scout for.
Whiteflies are resistant to most traditional pesticides.
Whiteflies are serious pests of many important crops.
Whiteflies are small pests that hide and feed on the underside of leaves.
Whiteflies are small pests that hide and feed on the undersides of leaves.
Whiteflies are small piercing and sucking insects.
Whiteflies are small sucking insects that live on the underside of leaves.
Whiteflies are small white insects which feed on the undersides of leaves.
Whiteflies are small, winged insects that look like tiny moths, which attack many types of plants.
Whiteflies are still heavy in some areas and in certain varieties.
Whiteflies are still much in evidence.
Whiteflies are the most common insect pest on fuchsia.
Whiteflies are tiny white insects that feed on plant sap.
Whiteflies are tiny, soft bodied insects.
Whiteflies are vectors for many pathogens.
Whiteflies are very difficult to control.
Whiteflies are very difficult to get rid of, but with some persistence it can be done.
Whiteflies are very small insects that resemble tiny white moths.
Whiteflies become a problem when they continually sap the plant of energy needed for growth.
Whiteflies breed continuously in interior environments, rapidly creating large populations.
Whiteflies can be very difficult or almost impossible to control with insecticides.
Whiteflies can be very difficult to control and populations can rebound quickly following treatment.
Whiteflies can cause cantaloupe leaves to turn yellow.
Whiteflies can cause direct damage to plants as a result of feeding.
Whiteflies can cause leaves to yellow and drop.
Whiteflies can develop pesticide resistance easily.
Whiteflies can kill a small plant very quickly.
Whiteflies can reduce yields of greenhouse grown tomatoes.
Whiteflies can transmit various plant diseases and plant viruses.
Whiteflies cause damage to the crop by feeding on plant tissues.
Whiteflies cause two types of damage to plants.
Whiteflies colonize on the underside of leaves.
Whiteflies come out as temperatures climb.
Whiteflies continue to increase and in some areas are producing honeydew.
Whiteflies destroy plants by feeding on their juices.
Whiteflies excrete sticky honeydew during feeding.
Whiteflies feed on a wide variety of vegetables.
Whiteflies feed on plant sap and can reduce plant vigor and yield when populations are very high.
Whiteflies have a six stage life cycle.
Whiteflies have a unique method for disposing of honeydew.
Whiteflies have piercing-sucking mouthparts which puncture the leaf and suck the plant juices.
Whiteflies injure plants by sucking out the sap and nutrients.
Whiteflies look like tiny white flies that take to the air when plants are moved or disturbed.
Whiteflies lose their white, waxy bloom as they are entrapped by the adhesive.
Whiteflies love fuchsia.
Whiteflies multiply quickly and because they have wings, they can spread to nearby plants.
Whiteflies pass through four distinct stages of development.
Whiteflies reduce the plant's vigor and serve as carriers for plant viruses.
Whiteflies regain their legs as adults.
Whiteflies remain at generally low levels across the region.
Whiteflies secrete a clear, sticky substance called honeydew.
Whiteflies secrete honeydew on plants, which allows unsightly black sooty mold to grow.
Whiteflies secrete honeydew.
Whiteflies sit on leaf undersides and feed by sucking out the sap.
Whiteflies spend winters in weeds and ornamentals.
Whiteflies suck out plant juices.
Whiteflies suck plant juices.
Whiteflies suck sap from the plant causing leaves to yellow, shrivel, and drop prematurely.
Whiteflies thrive in sunny, warm conditions.
Whiteflies undergo complete metamorphosis.
Whiteflies usually feed on the lower surface of their host plant leaves.
Whiteflies usually occur in groups on the underside of leaves.
Whiteflies usually occur in groups on the undersides of leaves.
All whiteflies have a similar lifecycle .
Some whiteflies also are important as vectors of some plant pathogens.
Some whiteflies are present year-round.
A whitehead is a defect
Whiteheads are a little deeper under the skin and blackheads are a little closer to the surface.
Whiteheads are birds.
Whiteheads are blemishs.
Whiteheads are closed pores that are clogged.
Whiteheads are keratin plugs, which close the gland opening.
Whiteheads are more numerous on edges of fields, edges adjacent to levees, and in barrow ditches.
Whiteheads are part of skin.
Whiteheads are simply plugs of dead cells that have grown over a pore opening.
Whiteheads are small bumps with closed centers and are the same color as the surrounding skin.
Whiteheads are small, closed white bumps that emerge when a follicle clogs and swells.
Whiteheads are sometimes present.
Whiteheads are spots that bulge under the skin and have no opening.
Whiteheads are the beginnings of pimples, or zits.
Whiteheads are the major problem.
Whiteheads can form for similar reasons as blackheads - hormones, genetics, and heavy creams.
Whiteheads can lead to blackheads.
Whiteheads crop up and pink and red bumps appear.
Whiteheads usually appear on the skin surface as small, whitish bumps.
A whitener is an agent
Most whiteners are available by prescription only.
Whiteout conditions can exist on the top half of the mountain.
A whiteout is snow
Whiteout can be very dangerous for motorists caught in the storm.
Whiteout is a solid, pitiless piece of muckraking.
Whiteout is baad, black'n'blue, and nasty.
Whiteout is that album.
Whiteouts are most frequent during blizzards.
Whiteouts are snow.
Whiteouts are truly unbelievable.
Whiteouts can happen quickly and winds can be severe.
Whitespace characters are spaces and newlines.
Whitespace characters serve as separators but are otherwise ignored.
Any whitespace character terminates the input.
Whitespace discussions cause brain damage.
A whitetail deer is a deer
Whitetail deer are abundant in the magnificent state forests.
Whitetail deer are abundant, and armadillo are present.
Whitetail deer are creatures of habit.
Whitetail deer are endless.
Whitetail deer are perhaps the most hunted big game animal in North America.
Whitetail deer are plentiful on the islands.
Whitetail deer are the major host of the lone star ticks.
Whitetail deer are the most abundant large game species in North America.
Whitetail deer are the most nervous and shy of the deer in Washington.
Whitetail deer are the most nervous and shy or our deer.
Whitetail deer are very common.
Whitetail deer browse the twigs and young foliage.
Whitetail deer browse the young growth.
Whitetail deer have a home range, usually one square mile.
Whitetail deer have no such luxuries.
Whitetail deer is the principal game.
Whitetail deer is without a doubt the most popular big game animal in Mississippi.
Whitetail deer occupy a variety of habitats from forests to fields and swamps.
A whitetail is a deer
Whitetail are everywhere.
Whitetail are over the counter.
Whitetail deer hunting in Tennessee Tips and strategies for hunting the whitetail deer in Tennessee.
Whitetail deer hunting in Wisconsin provides a great time for family and friends to bond.
Whitetail deer hunting on as many properties the deer hunter desires to hunt.
Whitetail deer on leather seat.
Whitetail does are painstakingly careful to keep their offspring hidden from predators.
Whitetail does give birth to anywhere from one to six fawns each spring.
Whitetail has eight trails open and is making snow on seven others.
Whitetail have two coats each year.
Whitetail is a great place to bring the whole family.
Whitetail is a great resort for beginners.
Whitetail is a great trail when it has fresh powder on it, but it sucks when it is icy.
Whitetail like to live in the woods, dry or swampy, and the borders of woods.
Whitetail needs to realize itself for what it is, and charge people accordingly.
Whitetail now offers overnight campground facilities.
Whitetail offers virtually the same thing.
Whitetails are cagey and best hunted from tree stands.
Whitetails are crepuscular, being most active in early morning and evening.
Whitetails are extremely skittish, a characteristic common to prey species large and small.
Whitetails are favorite.
Whitetails are hiders.
Whitetails are polygamous animals.
Whitetails are primarily browsers and eat a tremendous variety of plants throughout their range.
Whitetails are the number one game animal in the United States.
Whitetails are very adaptable and co-exist nicely with humans and development.
Whitetails are, after all, the state's premier big game animal.
Whitetails average roughly six to ten lbs.
Whitetails breed once a year, with the mating season taking place in autumn.
Whitetails can survive for a long time without water if their food has a high water content.
Whitetails claim the valley bottom.
Whitetails communicate with vocalizations and scents.
Whitetails eat a variety of herbaceous and woody plants.
Whitetails feed several times a day in convenient fields, mast flats and the like.
Whitetails give birth to about equal numbers of buck and doe fawns.
Whitetails have antlers.
Whitetails have four sets of external glands that are used primarily for communication.
Whitetails react differently in cold weather no matter where they live.
Whitetails rely on subclimax stands to provide hiding cover and adequate forage.
Whitetails require an abundant food supply consisting mainly of forbs and grasses.
Whitetails seem to sense that, and they often rise from their beds to stretch and browse.
Whitetails tend to be larger in the northern states.
All whitetails possess specialized forehead skin glands that become increasingly active in autumn.
Some whitetails are much larger than that.
Whitethorn is a flower essence that can make a difference here.
Whitewash is a bit of paint mixed with a gallon of water.
Whitewash is a carefully researched book, although somewhat shrill in tone.
Whitewash is a cheap, watered down kind of paint.
Whitewash is a clearing
Whitewash is a paint-like fluid used as a cheap protective layer on exterior structures.
Whitewash is based on the same chemistry.
Whitewash is clearing.
Whitewash is defeats.
Whitewash is used to mark the foul lines.
Whitewash is wash.
Whitewash is watered down paint.
Whitewater canoes are better off rented or borrowed than owned.
Whitewater investigation begins.
Whitewater kayaks are extremely agile but also very tippy.
Whitewater kayaks have a closed deck and a cockpit that seals with a waterproof skirt.
Whitewater kayaks tend to shorter, and can turn on a dime.
Whitewater racing takes place on rough water with lots of rapids.
Whitewater rivers are numerous and located close to Morgantown.
Whitewater sports entail a certain degree of risk.
Whitewater Valley has an updated newsletter available.
A whitewater is foam
Whitewater becomes a metaphor for the president.
Whitewater can count on a veteran infield.
Whitewater courses for instance maintain an instructor to student ratio of one to four.
Whitewater exists during flooding.
Whitewater includes elements of risk.
Whitewater is a quartet of musicians who represent some of Utah's best in bluegrass music.
Whitewater is available from family float trips to rapids for the teenagers.
Whitewater is better.
Whitewater is considered the head quarter city.
Whitewater is created by a number of natural forces.
Whitewater is extremely hazardous.
Whitewater is inherently dangerous.
Whitewater is minimal but still provides some swift movement and a few refreshing splashes.
Whitewater is one of many popular recreational pursuits enjoyed by visitors to the park.
Whitewater is over.
Whitewater is rated according to the difficulty of the river.
Whitewater is under no obligation to rescue people in the back country.
Whitewater leads directly to the Iran-Contra money laundering operation.
Whitewater play spots close to work and home exist in a surprising number of urban areas.
Whitewater promises more and greater perversities.
Whitewater requires a minimum number for safety.
Whitewater takes instantaneous decision making abilities.
A whitewood is wood
Whitewood is host to various community, regional, and provincial events throughout the year.
Whitewood refers to all conifer species except western redcedar.
A whitey is White
Whitey be dumb wak.
Whitey pays close attention to the weather, watching for any indications of rain.
Whiteys are a fine fish in their own right and give a good account of themselves in cold water.
Whiteys are bands.
Whiting Auditorium Join our mailing list.
Whiting fishing is great family fun and a good start for the new angler.
A whiting is a saltwater fish
Whiting are available from Brighton Marina during spring tides.
Whiting are generaly used whole or headed and gutted.
Whiting are now high in the spotlight and are being caught along the entire Georgia coastal region.
Whiting continue to dominate the overall spotlight.
Whiting is a good example.
Whiting is a unique community, rich in tradition and civic pride.
Whiting is already back in port.
Whiting is also available salted and smoked.
Whiting is comprehensive and readable, as well as being well illustrated.
Whiting is finely ground chalk and was used to make putty, whitewash and paint.
Whiting is natural chalk that has been refined.
Whiting is purposeful, disclosing, metaphoric.
Whiting raises chickens just for their feathers.
Whiting tends to send out five or six poems at a time.
Whiting welcomes the chance to play with a network system.
Whitings are part of silver hakes.
Whitings are part of whitings.
Whitings are saltwater fish.
Most whiting is processed into surimi and sold to Asian markets.
Whitish areas occur around the lips, and individually at the front of the head and around the naval.
Whitish fur rings the eyes and perhaps protects the squirrel's eyes from too intense sunlight.
Whitish hairs cover the tops of the feet while the short, tapered tail is nearly naked.
Whitish layers absorb water.
Most whitish layers absorb water.
Whitish lesions occur in the mouth and on the genitals.
Whitish mycelium can cover the whole plant and the plant eventually becomes yellow to necrotic.
Whitish spots cover body.
Whitish tongues can be due to numerous reasons, including things like smoking.
Whitley soils have more silt and less sand.
A whitlow is infection
Whitlow gives a creepily scientific blow by blow description of how one hot tubs.
Whitlow later agrees.
Whitlow sends out the team to look in different places.
A whittler is an idler
Whittlers ply their leisurely craft, and washer pitchers exercise deceptively simple skills.
Whitworth students disagree with the myth that there ain t no cure for the summertime blues.
Whitworth students love the arts.
A whizz is an expert
Whizz can only move in four directions - in straight lines.
Whizz has a mellow temperment and is a nice companion as well as hunting dog.
WHOS Provides Australian business information for public and private companies .
WHOA administration is the final and sole judge of whether any abuse or violation has occurred.
A whodunit is a story
Whodunits are always great mental puzzlers.
WhoIs committee is already a step ahead as the terms of reference have been defined.
Whois databases can contain outdated information.
Whois databases Find people by institution.
Whois databases maintain information about domain names .
Whois listings can include e-mail address, company name, address and phone number.
Whois lookup Find out who a domain name is registered to.
Whois searches provide the administrative and technical contacts for the domain.
Most whois servers have a help function.
Whois service provides information about the registrant of a particular domain name.
Whole amount has to be paid in advance for any off-base charter.
Whole animals perform functions.
Whole animals perform same functions.
Most whole animals perform functions.
Most whole animals perform same functions.
Whole apples are a mild laxative.
Whole applications seem to be very different from the standard test cases.
Whole area becomes extremely difficult when wet due to heavy clay soil.
Whole area is pretty good.
Whole armies can fall to even a small number of units.
Whole articles are shorter than some intros.
Whole atmospheres use sunlight.
Most whole atmospheres use sunlight.
Whole bathroom is tiled.
Whole bay leaves have life.
Whole bay leaves have shelf life.
Whole beans are for sale.
Whole beans are no longer a treat, but a staple.
Whole beans pack the most flavor.
Whole beans stay fresh longer than ground coffee.
Whole beer goes all over the girl's face.
Whole beings are naturally powerful.
Whole birds are steady to full steady.
Whole birds compost well, but long bones, keels, etc.
Whole blocks stand empty, gutted shells around tent squats inside.
Whole blood contains all four components and is sometimes used to treat acute hemorrhage patients.
Whole blood contains irons.
Whole blood contains mg irons.
Whole blood is a combination of blood cells and liquid.
Whole blood is blood
Whole blood is blood.
Whole blood is centrifuged and the serum is separated.
Whole blood is collected through a needle placed in an arm vein.
Whole blood is comprised of cellular and fluid components.
Whole blood is contraindicated.
Whole blood is drawn and spun through a machine to remove the platelets.
Whole blood is generally unavailable.
Whole blood is made up of plasma, red blood cells, white blood cells and platelets.
Whole blood is passed through a centrifuge to separate cells from plasma.
Whole blood is preferred for molybdenum.
Whole blood is removed from the body and red and white blood cells are separated from the plasma.
Whole blood is shipped the day of collection on wet ice.
Whole blood is the most potent expander of the intravascular space.
Whole Blood Use the anticoagulant indicated.
Most whole blood contains irons.
Most whole blood contains mg irons.
Whole body is protected by hardened shields.
Whole body means head, trunk, including male gonads, arms above the elbow, or legs above the knee.
Whole books are avaiable online in both Swedish and English.
Whole books are now available on line.
Whole books are the entirety of what the author actually wrote.
Whole books exist on thios matter.
Whole booklet is in black and white.
Whole bridle is rolled and includes all leather reins with rolled ends.
Whole brisket weighs anywhere from approximately eight to sixteen pounds untrimmed.
Whole buildings burn as people just gather around trying to get all the warmth they can.
Whole camp hire.
Whole campaign has a half-hearted air to it.
Whole cane dies.
Whole cantaloupe grows at fields.
Most whole cantaloupe grows at fields.
Whole car runs great and looks good.
Whole careers are devoted to it.
Whole case is just the endeavour of Czech state to suppress the active political opponents.
Whole catalog is only available by mail.
Whole chapters are also devoted to printing, terminal and serial line settings.
Whole chapters are nothing but commentary and exegesis.
Whole chickens are also available.
Whole chickens are good, too.
Whole chickens can now assume a premium look in the poultry case.
Whole chickens come in a variety of guises with different names that reflect their age or diet.
Whole chickens go in.
Whole cities succumb to the infection of the diva.
Whole class discusses ways humans can impact landscape, natural resources, esp.
Whole class judges the best garment.
Whole class reads short article as well as presenter.
Whole class reads the Found Poem.
Whole class selects the book to narrate.
Whole class suggest possible final discussion topics.
Whole classes can participate, or a student needing extra help can be assigned a peer tutor.
Whole classrooms link up with classrooms around the world.
Whole cloves add great flavor to mulled wines and ciders, and the spice of choice for baking ham.
Whole cloves exude much less oil than cloves shredded in a gar- lic press.
Whole committee is invited.
Whole communities end up migrating to the big cities.
Whole communities provide habitats.
Whole communities sit down together to share their water equitably, and plan how best to use it.
Most whole communities provide habitats.
Whole companies can exceed stated goals while reducing waste and inefficiency.
Whole company is close to concerns of mothers and children.
Whole condo looks good with recent upgrading.
Whole conversations take place with cybernetic bulldogs.
Whole corn can sustain the virus up to four days.
Some whole cottonseed can help with nutrition needs.
Whole countries can derive pleasure in overpowering a neighbor.
Whole country erupts into pandemonium.
Whole crabs are approximately ten centimeters across.
Whole crabs turn bright orange-red when cooked.
Whole crabs turn bright red when cooked.
Whole cranberries Combine the cranberry and orange juices in a punch bowl.
Whole creation groans.
Whole cultures differ in what they like.
Whole cultures fly across the Texas prairie, Just to stand before the wind is wanderlust.
Whole cultures have opinions that prevail in the public thinking.
Whole cultures sink without a trace and nobody's the wiser.
Whole dollar amounts only, please.
Whole dollar amounts only.
Whole earth has best possible conditions.
Whole earth has climate conditions.
Whole earth has conditions.
Whole earth lover keepin' under cover, Never knowin' where ya been.
Most whole earth has best possible conditions.
Most whole earth has conditions.
Whole economies change, etc.
Whole effort needs to be transparent in nature, very decentralized.
Whole eggs are an excellent source of choline.
Whole eggs are second best.
Whole eggs can create a foam when beaten, but with less volume than either egg whites or yolks .
Whole experience changes life.
Most whole experience changes life.
Whole face resembles a playing card.
Whole facility is wheelchair accessible.
Whole families are now ill.
Whole families arrive, often with their own signs in the trunk.
Whole families benefit.
Whole families can come together and everyone finds something they love about the show.
Whole families can die in their sleep.
Whole families come out.
Whole families come, bringing toddlers and infants.
Whole families come, sometimes from abroad, to celebrate bar mitzvahs.
Whole families cower behind fat relatives just for the shade.
Whole families eat dinner.
Whole families eat ice cream at the same time and the same speed.
Whole families face total destitution.
Whole families huddle together trying to survive.
Whole families live for a year on what a typical American spends on a new television.
Whole families pool their resources to make it possible for one of their children to attend.
Whole families ride together on small motorcycles.
Whole families share single bedrooms.
Whole families sit cheering in front of their television sets, encouraging their idols.
Whole families spread out picnics and try to get kites in the air.
Whole families suffer when a worker is injured on the job.
Whole families take part in staging the ballet.
Whole families turn out for the colorful fun.
Whole families walk the track and seats along the way provide a place to rest.
Whole families work there.
Whole families wound up living on the streets, homeless .
Whole family dives in to help.
Whole family is invited.
Whole family wakes up at dawn.
Most whole families eat dinner.
Whole fields are under water.
Whole fish are a little trickier, though the finger poking method still works.
Whole fish are better than gutted fish, and can be fed chopped or whole.
Whole fish are incredibly fresh and elegantly grilled.
Whole fish are usually randomly graded by size.
Whole fish continues to excel.
Whole fish have benefits.
Whole fish is the easiest way to detect freshness.
Whole fish refers to fish just as it comes from the water.
Whole fish refers to ungutted fish.
Most whole fish have benefits.
Whole flaxseeds are available in most healthfood stores.
Whole Food Concentrates Whole food concentrates provide the nutrition found in entire foods.
Whole food contains nutrients.
Whole food has values.
Whole food provides nutrients.
Whole foods are best.
Whole foods are foods that remain in there whole, original state.
Whole foods are more nutritious than processed foods.
Whole foods are still the best foods.
Whole foods are the best form of nutrition.
Whole foods are the best sources of selenium.
Whole foods are the key to good nutrition.
Whole foods are the mainstay of a grassroots approach to health care.
Whole foods contain more nutrients and fiber than refined foods.
Whole foods have fat-mobilising nutrients to take care of their own fats if eaten in moderation.
Whole foods have many nutrients to offer.
Whole foods is a type of natural food, it is the simple food the way nature made it.
Whole foods offer more nutrients, and better absorbed nutrients, than do pills.
Whole foods provide less of a carbohydrate burden on the body.
Whole foods provide nutrients in their natural state, with all of the vitamins and minerals intact.
Whole foods provide the body with energy from nutrition.
Whole foods taste better and can be prepared according to individual preferences.
Whole foods turn into blood sugar more slowly than the processed versions.
Whole foods work at the cell level, supplements work to strengthen specific glands an organs.
Most whole food contains nutrients.
Most whole food has values.
Most whole food provides nutrients.
Some whole food contains levels.
Some whole food takes places.
Whole forest are on fire and a vast amount of valuable property is being destroyed.
Whole frame is still in carbon fiber.
Whole fruit has more fiber and less sugar.
Whole fruit has more fiber than fruit juices.
Whole fruit has more fibre than juice.
Whole fruit is always best.
Whole fruit is better than juice because of the fiber it contains.
Whole fruit reduces calories, adds fiber, and increases feelings of fullness.
Whole fruits are high in fiber which is a digestive stall.
Whole fruits are higher in fiber than fruit juices.
Whole fruits provide fiber that juices lack.
Whole galaxies are visible, cloudlike and full of mystery.
Whole garlic is called a bulb.
Whole garlic is chopped in the skin and added to water, along with olive oil, salt and black pepper.
Whole generations are uninformed.
Whole generations grow up, get annoyed, forget about it, and die.
Whole globes preserved in formalin are also available.
Whole grain bread contains fiber.
Whole grain food contains nutrients.
Whole grain products contain matter.
Whole grain baked goods contain B-vitamins and minerals.
Whole grain has benefits.
Whole grain has density.
Whole grain has energy density.
Whole grain has lower density.
Whole grain has lower energy density.
Whole grain has numerous benefits.
Whole grain is fed through a hole in the middle of the stone.
Whole grain means that the entire grain kernel is in the food.
Whole grain provides fiber.
Whole grain provides important nutrients.
Whole grain provides nutrients.
Whole grain provides other nutrients.
Whole grains add necessary bulk to the digestive tract to aid in elimination of wastes.
Whole grains appear to play an important role in reducing the risk of colorectal cancer.
Whole grains are a good example.
Whole grains are a healthier way of eating, but the carbohydrate calories are equivalent.
Whole grains are a major contributor to the diet.
Whole grains are a seed that has a thick coat called the husk.
Whole grains are a supplement to pasture that, when fed with hay, promotes healthy digestion.
Whole grains are also a concentrated source of the antioxidants vitamin E and selenium.
Whole grains are also very high in fiber, which helps prevent constipation as well as some cancers.
Whole grains are an example of insoluble fiber.
Whole grains are an excellent source.
Whole grains are another category in which people fall short.
Whole grains are at the center of the spectrum, and are considered the best food to eat.
Whole grains are best.
Whole grains are brown rice, barley, millet, and quinoa.
Whole grains are brown rice, barley, millet, quinoa.
Whole grains are excellent sources of nutrients and are helpful in reducing stress.
Whole grains are foods of high nutritional value.
Whole grains are foods that contain the entire kernel or grain, or all the kernel that is edible.
Whole grains are great in stews and soups.
Whole grains are high in fiber, complex carbohydrates, vitamins and minerals.
Whole grains are high in fiber, essential nutrients, and flavor.
Whole grains are higher in both fiber and nutritional value than refined grains.
Whole grains are ideal as a snack and as an addition to a balanced meal.
Whole grains are indeed a good way of lowering LDLs.
Whole grains are more nutritious than refined grains.
Whole grains are naturally high in vitamins and fiber, mixing well with a wide variety of foods.
Whole grains are naturally low in fat unless prepared with added fats.
Whole grains are particularly high in insoluble fiber.
Whole grains are rich in fiber, vitamins and minerals.
Whole grains are seeds of grass.
Whole grains are sources of plentiful fiber, B and E vitamins, magnesium, copper and zinc.
Whole grains are the answer.
Whole grains are used whenever possible, vegetarian dishes are always available.
Whole grains are wonderful healthful additions to freshly baked breads.
Whole grains bring greater health.
Whole grains can replace some of the regular flour for more fiber.
Whole grains combine all three nifty components.
Whole grains contain all parts of the plant kernel, including the fiber-rich bran and the germ.
Whole grains contain all three parts of the grain - the bran, endosperm, and germ.
Whole grains contain fiber.
Whole grains contain high concentrations of B complex vitamins.
Whole grains contain many other natural plant compounds called phytochemicals.
Whole grains contain more fiber, minerals, vitamins, phenols, phytic acid, and phytoestrogens.
Whole grains contain more natural fats than their refined and stripped counterparts.
Whole grains contain nutrients and fiber that are important for heart health.
Whole grains contain selenium, as well as fiber, vitamins, and other minerals.
Whole grains contain the entire seed of the plant, which includes the bran, germ and endosperm.
Whole grains contain the entire seed of the plant.
Whole grains face stiff tariffs in some countries.
Whole grains have a high dietary fiber content, but oat bran provides more than rolled oats.
Whole grains have a host of other health-promoting nutrients.
Whole grains have a much livelier flavor when dressed and served in a salad.
Whole grains have a whole lot of other nutrients.
Whole grains have fiber.
Whole grains have many other heart-healthy qualities, too.
Whole grains includes breads, pastas, rice, corn and all other grains.
Whole grains prevent the absorption of calcium.
Whole grains provide a feeling of fullness and offer many choices.
Whole grains provide fiber as well as nutrition.
Whole grains provide fiber, potassium and trace nutrients.
Whole grains provide fiber, vitamins, minerals and protein.
Whole grains provide great fiber content.
Whole grains provide many benefits, so list all their pluses.
Whole grains provide many vitamins, minerals and fiber.
Whole grains provide more fiber and nutrients, such as magnesium, than refined varieties.
Whole grains provide more fiber, vitamins and minerals than white bread and refined cereals.
Whole grains provide soluble and insoluble fiber, protein, B-vitamins and minerals.
Whole grains reduce chance of heart disease in post-menopausal women.
Whole grains tend to be higher in fat content than refined grains and become rancid sooner.
All whole grains are rich in fiber - as are many fruits and vegetables.
All whole grains have bland flavors that are very similar to one another.
Most whole grain has benefits.
Most whole grain has density.
Most whole grain has energy density.
Most whole grain has lower density.
Most whole grain has lower energy density.
Most whole grain has numerous benefits.
Most whole grain provides fiber.
Most whole grain provides important nutrients.
Most whole grain provides nutrients.
Most whole grain provides other nutrients.
Some whole grain contains grain.
Some whole grain contributes to health problems.
Some whole grain contributes to problems.
Some whole grain contributes to significant health problems.
Some whole grain contributes to significant problems.
Whole group discuss the largest Spanish-speaking country in the world.
Whole group discuss the original Spanish-speaking country.
Whole group discuss the Spanish-speaking countries in the world.
Whole group discusses the Spanish-speaking countries in Central America and the Caribbean.
Whole group Have all children in a circle on the rug at front of the room.
Whole group watches the video.
Whole groups gain from raising manager expectations.
Whole hams are finely ground and seasoned.
Whole herbs release flavors over time, so are a good choice for crockpot cooking.
Whole herd is tested using a fecal culture.
Whole hops are the dried flowers of the hop vine.
Whole industries are lazy.
Whole industries are up for grabs.
Whole interior is finished with oak panelling and solid mahogoney trim.
Whole island is surrounded by coralreef.
Whole issue comprises pp.
Whole issue has nine articles.
Whole issue has notes and othe items.
Whole issue has several aricles on alcohol.
Whole issue has several article, reviews etc.
Whole issue has several articles on astronomy plus appendix.
Whole issue has several articles on astronomy.
Whole issue has several articles plus notes etc.
Whole issue has several articles, poems etc.
Whole issue has several articles.
Whole issue has several items.
Whole issue has several poems, articles.
Whole issue has several unrelated articles.
Whole issue includes other articles on Social work, public health, social welfare.
Whole issue includes other sections.
Whole issue is single article.
Whole issues has several articles.
Whole journal has several articles.
Whole language approaches to reading and writing.
Whole language has strengths in that children begin to write early.
Whole language includes the teaching of phonics.
Whole language is a much more wide-ranging but fuzzy concept than phonics.
Whole language is addressed through various reading materials.
Whole language is based on a range of assumptions several of which are demonstrably false.
Whole language is essentially a grassroots movement.
Whole language is more popular in California than in any other state.
Whole language is the strategy used to gain mastery of prereading skills.
Whole language seems to be the popular choice of teachers for the elementary students.
Whole language takes on golf.
Whole language takes the approach of teaching reading in the context of literature.
Whole language uses phonics . . .
Whole language works the opposite way from phonics.
Much whole language is used in New Zealand, but also, teachers use basic phonics.
Whole leaves have life.
Whole leaves have shelf life.
Whole leaves tend to compact if wet or blow away if dry.
Whole leaves are better for compost than leaves that are shredded or mulched with a lawn mower.
Whole leaves can be sauteed, steamed or boiled along with other greens.
Most whole leaves have life.
Most whole leaves have shelf life.
Whole life benchmarks.
Whole life builds a cash value and serves as a savings vehicle.
Whole Life enjoys favorable tax treatment.
Whole life is a product poorly suited to address the income replacement problem.
Whole life is expensive.
Whole life is fake.
Whole life is insurance coupled with an investment.
Whole life is insurance with an investment component that typically grows over time.
Whole Life is permanent level insurance protection.
Whole Life is the most basic type of permanent life insurance.
Whole Life is the policy for parents of children with special needs.
Whole Life is useful when a life insurance program with fixed values is desired.
Whole life is what agents make their money on due to commissions.
Whole life means that it covers the individual for that individual's entire life.
Whole life offers both a death benefit and cash value, but is much more expensive.
Whole life offers protection and savings for the lowest possible cost.
Whole life requires a contract to make payments for a set number of years.
Whole lives are intwine with curlers or covered by mousse.
Some whole life is known as participating.
Whole line turns black.
Whole lobster is in demand as a leading special-occasion meal.
Whole lobsters are also available, as is the perennially popular surf and turf.
Whole marigold possesses spermicidal activity in vitro against rat sperm.
Whole marijuana contains hundreds of chemicals, some of which are clearly harmful to health.
Whole marriages operate that way.
Whole mash is pumped into a hopper at one end of the auger tube.
Whole mass is mycelium.
Whole math is a merging term that coincides with the idea of whole language.
Whole meats refer to foods such as whole chicken, beef, fish, and lamb.
Whole milk adds more protein and calories than coffee, tea, or water.
Whole milk is all right for older children, too.
Whole milk is all that is tolerated around here.
Whole milk is also a source of ghee.
Whole milk is an important source of nutrients such as calcium and fat.
Whole milk is conducted into a bowl, commonly through a central tubular shaft.
Whole milk is fat.
Whole milk is generally better tolerated than lower fat milk.
Whole milk is higher in total fat than low-fat milk.
Whole milk is just as good.
Whole milk is milk
Whole milk is milk.
Whole milk is recommended for children age two and under.
Whole milk is the closest thing to milk fresh from the cow.
Whole milk is the primary source of fat in preschoolers diets.
Whole milk is the primary source of fat in preschoolers' diets.
Whole milk is tolerated better than skim milk.
Whole milk is unsuitable for infants, but no warning appears on the label.
Whole milk makes a wonderfully decadent latte, but skimmed milk is absolutely unacceptable.
Whole nation is divided into a number of regions.
Whole nations are in thrall.
Whole nations depend upon the sowing and the reaping.
Whole nations reject several moral rules.
Whole nations support families.
Most whole nations support families.
Whole neighborhoods deteriorate, and more people and businesses flee.
Whole neighbourhoods suffer from neglect.
A whole note is a note
Whole notes get a bit dull after a while.
Whole notes privoide the most flexibility and liberty.
A whole number is a number
Whole number indicating which dimension's upper bound is returned.
Whole numbers Add, subtract, multiply, and divide positive whole numbers.
Whole numbers are all positive real numbers starting with zero.
Whole numbers are also integers .
Whole numbers are also integers.
Whole numbers are full octaves, fractions transitional.
Whole numbers are integers.
Whole numbers are the natural numbers , but whole numbers always include zero .
Whole numbers are the natural numbers, but whole numbers always include zero.
Whole numbers make sense.
Every whole number is a rational number, because any whole number can be written as a fraction.
Every whole number is taken to be a separate species.
Whole nuts become rancid less quickly than nuts in pieces.
Whole nutmeg is perfect in puddings, pies, cookies and even granola.
Whole oats are the creamiest and richest-tasting of the grains.
Whole oats are the natural forms of the nutritious easily digestible grain.
Whole orders welcome.
Whole organization are remade and the pace quickens.
Whole package includes registration, housing for two nights and the meal plan.
Whole package is in excellent condition.
Whole pages are devoted to petty robbers and obscureseditious leaders.
Whole pages are DMA'd and partial pages are byte copied at a much slower rate.
Whole paragraph is about reflections.
Whole party is blasted by flames from the floor.
Whole peanuts attract bluejays, nuthatches, and woodpeckers.
Whole pecans make the pie look incredibly inviting but cutting neat wedges is a challenge.
Whole people accept and honor all human emotions.
Whole people are messy and incongruous and terribly, terribly flawed.
Whole people are so hard to characterize.
Whole people make whole communities.
Most whole people live in environments.
Whole people live in environments.
Whole perspectives change.
Whole pieces stick to the surface.
Whole pigs take a long time to cook.
Whole pizzas are available.
Whole place is in a bombed out building frpom the war.
Whole plant controls on isoprene emission.
Whole plant is a sedative.
Whole plant is poisonous.
Whole plant is stunted, usually wilts rapidly.
Whole plant is used.
Whole plant is yellowish to pale green.
Whole plant responses in transgenic Cotton overexpressing glutathione reductase.
Whole plants develop from the somatic embryos and only require growth to maturity.
Whole plants have taste.
Whole plants possess properties.
Most whole plants possess properties.
Some whole plants affect future growth.
Some whole plants affect growth.
Whole plasma is used for plasma exchange and for patients needing massive transfusions.
Whole plots are five planting dates.
Whole plots are three planting dates.
Whole plots are two planting dates.
Whole poles are full round poles used just as they are harvested, cured, and cleaned.
Whole prey diets consist of meat.
Whole prey diets consist of raw meat.
Whole prey is the rarest raw feeding method.
Whole process takes less than one month.
Whole process takes less than two minutes.
Whole processing is based on map definitions .
Whole processing is based on map definitions.
Whole provinces are now under foreign control and abuses abound.
Whole pumpkin is actually butternut squash.
Whole rice contains the full spectrum of B-vitamins and essential minerals.
Whole rockfish is another worthwhile splurge.
Whole rooms are devoted to paintings of various countries and time periods.
Whole rooms become inaccessible and eventually forgotten.
Whole root is best.
Whole root is more balanced and beneficial as a tonic than concentrated extracts or supplements.
Whole row wins.
Whole scenes are lost, detail is altered by recall, and so forth.
Whole school holds hands in a circle on oval.
Whole schools are out for bid, too.
Whole seed is used whenever possible.
Whole seeds are a favorite snack of goldfinches.
Whole seeds have a laxative effect if eaten raw.
Whole sequences disappear.
Whole serum serves as a source of adhesins, enzymes and surface modifying molecules.
Whole site becomes more accessible and adaptable.
Whole site has a 'tongue in cheek' feeling, yet very informative.
Whole site is interesting and a good place to look for sources of plants and seeds.
Whole site is searchable.
Some whole sites have animals.
Whole slab falls apart.
Whole societies can become millenarian for decades at a time.
Whole societies can join as affiliate members and pay according to the number of their members.
Whole songs take up a lot of room.
Whole soybeans are high in protein, fiber, minerals and fat.
Whole soybeans are similar in cost to soybean meal protein used in feed rations.
Whole soybeans are usually mixed with a grain such as rice or millet.
Whole soybeans contain a range of important nutrients.
Whole soybeans supply the animal with both protein and energy in condensed forms.
Whole species are in compatision, just like individuals and genes.
Whole specimens are globular to platter shaped.
Whole spices can last up to four years.
Whole spices keep their flavor almost indefinitely.
Whole spices work best for toasting because ground spices can burn easily.
Whole spots die, then spread and run together with other spots.
Whole stem becomes blind and dies back to ground.
Whole straw provided to pigs is more effective for reducing abnormal behavior than chopped straw.
Whole streets stop and nudge each other to have a look.
Whole system makes deserts.
Whole system moves westwards towards land.
Whole system requires rebuilding.
Whole systems approaches to things and some understanding of what chaotic behavior is about.
Whole systems are dynamic, they change they move, they develop.
Whole table is faced with the very best highly figured mahogany veneer.
Whole tablets are safe to handle thanks to a protective outer coating.
Whole team play very well.
Whole tests are time consuming.
Whole thing is dependent upon weather and visibility.
Whole thing is technically scrap.
Whole thing seems harmless and interesting.
Whole tires are difficult to compact and therefore consume valuable landfill space.
Whole tires provide convenient habitats for rodents.
Whole tomatoes have more fiber than peeled tomatoes, which have more than tomato juice.
Whole tomatoes tend to crack and collapse completely when they thaw.
Whole town depends on the zoo.
Whole towns disappear in the lava or in the ground.
Whole towns seem rejuvinated, stronger, and seem to have a new sense of direction.
Whole tract is developable.
Whole unit elevates via remote control.
Whole units deploy in some cases while only individual members deploy in others.
Whole universe is nothing but consisting the same elements.
Whole villages are without fathers - and known as widows' villages.
Whole villages are without fathers in some countries.
Whole villages benefit from the women's programs.
Whole villages have no one left but elderly folks.
Whole vinegar is nearly as complex a substance as whole honey.
Whole volume has several articles in English or German.
Whole volume has three memoirs.
Whole waveforms can be output in any order desirable.
Whole weight is approximately five times the meat weight, depending on scallop condition.
Whole wheat is always available.
Whole wheat is composed of the entire kernel - the bran, germ and endosperm.
Whole wheat is heavier than white flour.
Whole wheat is heavier.
Whole wheat kernels right from the field are rather hard to eat.
Whole wood is defined as wood used in the same form as sawn from the tree.
Whole work is intended to be a support for virtual reality systems.
Whole world watches.
A whole is a concept
Wholes are concepts.
Wholes are made of parts.
Wholes are more than the sum of their parts.
Wholes are objects.
Wholes are primary.
Wholes evolve as wholes.
Wholes have emergent properties.
Every whole is a manifestation of Wholeness, but only at the level at which it actually operates.
Every whole is from the harmony and concert of many parts.
Wholemeal flour is made from the complete wheat kernel, with nothing removed.
Wholesale abortion is a heinous crime and a sin that results in the eternal death penalty.
Wholesale accounts are also available.
Wholesale accounts are available to the design industry.
Wholesale accounts are available.
Wholesale accounts are welcome .
Wholesale accounts are welcome.
Wholesale accounts enjoy great specials and discounted pricing.
Wholesale accounts welcome standard discounts apply.
Wholesale accounts welcome, please inquire regarding our special wholesale price list.
Wholesale accounts welcome.
Wholesale Accounts Welcome.
Wholesale arrangements are available for such businesses.
Wholesale business is our specialty but all inquiries are welcome.
Wholesale business is synonymous to trade discount and distribution infrastructure cost.
Wholesale buyers are professional buyers.
Wholesale buyers are serious buyers who represent many consumers.
Wholesale buyers can even get another discount with resale certificate.
Wholesale buyers check here for prices.
Wholesale buyers demand it.
Wholesale buyers guide for the toy industry.
Wholesale buyers visit our info page .
Wholesale buyers welcome.
Most wholesale buyers purchase their needs on the spot basis, like most other commodities.
Wholesale catalogs are the same as our regular paper catalog, which is in the works of being redone.
Wholesale changes are years away.
Wholesale changes can affect comparability to district and state-wide data.
Wholesale classifications use their gross purchases as their basis.
Wholesale Club Try our free numerology compatibility tester.
Wholesale companies have sites where customers and suppliers can buy and sell products.
Wholesale competition is now easier than before - but also less important.
Wholesale containers carry the poison symbol of skull and crossbones.
Wholesale cost is the basis for claim payment.
Wholesale customer is responsible for all shipping and handling charges.
Wholesale customers can fax their orders.
Wholesale customers click here .
Wholesale customers click here to proceed.
Wholesale Customers Click here.
Wholesale customers have a similar program, which was approved last month.
Wholesale customers welcome.
Wholesale dealers are welcome for quality flies that work.
Wholesale dealers welcome.
Wholesale directories are just an example.
Wholesale discounts apply only to essences.
Wholesale discounts are available on multiple purchases.
Wholesale discounts are available on orders of five or more copies.
Wholesale discounts are available upon request.
Wholesale discounts are available.
Wholesale discounts are often as competitive as direct purchasing.
Wholesale distribution accounts for one in every twenty jobs in the United States.
Wholesale Distributors can access online ordering.
Wholesale enquiries are also welcome.
Wholesale enquiries are welcome.
Wholesale enquiries welcome world-wide.
Wholesale enquiries welcome.
Wholesale experience is highly desirable.
Wholesale firms supply commission circulars to mailorder dealers, usually at cost.
Wholesale Flowers Welcome to a new concept in wholesale flower purchasing.
Wholesale information is also available upon request.
Wholesale information is also available.
Wholesale information is available at the webpage cited below.
Wholesale information is available to retail stores upon request.
Wholesale information is here. .
Wholesale inquiries are also welcome.
Wholesale inquiries are always welcome.
Wholesale inquiries are welcome .
Wholesale inquiries are welcome with appropriate proof of sales tax certification.
Wholesale inquiries are welcome, click here for details.
Wholesale inquiries are welcome, go here for more information.
Wholesale inquiries are welcome.
Wholesale inquiries welcome .
Wholesale inquiries welcome for resellers and fund-raising.
Wholesale inquiries welcome on furniture.
Wholesale inquiries welcome.
All wholesale inquiries are welcome.
Wholesale Internet provides solutions to fit the needs of every customer.
Wholesale inventories are exempt.
All Wholesale items are available for immediate shipment.
Wholesale leather skins and hides for fashion and design.
Wholesale licensees have the exclusive right to sell malt beverages at wholesale.
Wholesale licensees have the exclusive right to sell wine at wholesale.
Wholesale managers are responsible for running a store or department.
Wholesale markets are indispensable in modern trade.
Wholesale music sounds better.
Wholesale Order Form main page company info uniform info ordering contact info f.a.q.
Wholesale orders are also available.
Wholesale orders are also welcome.
Wholesale orders are available for resale only.
Wholesale orders are available.
Wholesale orders are subject to the wholesale return policy.
Wholesale orders are welcome and catalogs are available upon request.
Wholesale orders are welcome and quantity discounts offered with no minimum order.
Wholesale orders are welcome as well , just click on the wholesale info.
Wholesale orders are welcome.
Wholesale orders come in white and peach.
Wholesale orders please inquire by fax or e-mail .
Wholesale orders welcome.
All wholesale orders are nonreturnable.
All wholesale orders follow the same shipping charges as retail.
Wholesale outlets are popular with African exporters.
Wholesale power is the electricity that utilities sell to each other.
Wholesale price is available.
Wholesale prices apply to stock items only.
Wholesale prices are also available to landscape contractors, fish farms, garden centers, etc.
Wholesale prices are also available to qualified stores.
Wholesale prices are also available.
Wholesale prices are available and no minimum orders.
Wholesale prices are available as well.
Wholesale prices are available for dealers only .
Wholesale prices are available for large quantity orders.
Wholesale prices are available for larger orders.
Wholesale prices are available for other retail establishments.
Wholesale prices are available for qualified resale accounts.
Wholesale prices are available for retail stores and organizations.
Wholesale prices are available for retailers who want to carry the seasonal line.
Wholesale prices are available on application to bona fide businesses.
Wholesale prices are available on back issues.
Wholesale prices are available on quantity orders only.
Wholesale prices are available on request.
Wholesale prices are available on volume orders and for repeat customers.
Wholesale prices are available only to retail outlets.
Wholesale prices are available only to retail stores.
Wholesale prices are available to bona-fide retailers, mail order companies etc.
Wholesale prices are available to businesses.
Wholesale prices are available to everyone.
Wholesale prices are available to qualified buyers when quantities are good.
Wholesale prices are available to qualified merchants.
Wholesale prices are available to retail stores.
Wholesale prices are available to schools and clubs upon request.
Wholesale prices are available upon request.
Wholesale prices are available.
Wholesale Prices Are Available.
Wholesale prices are avialiable exclusively through the band.
Wholesale prices are historically high.
Wholesale prices are only available via special request - see above.
Wholesale prices bear no relation to the cost of production, demand or time of use.
Wholesale prices direct.
Wholesale prices vary, depending on quantity ordered.
All wholesale prices are as listed.
All wholesale prices are listed for each products.
Wholesale pricing allows our high-volume customers to increase profitability.
Wholesale pricing applies immediately upon membership sign-up.
Wholesale pricing are for trades only .
Wholesale Pricing Ask for our latest list.
Wholesale pricing guarantees a good profit.
Wholesale pricing is also available on many products.
Wholesale pricing is also available.
Wholesale pricing is also availble upon request.
Wholesale pricing is available as well as retail.
Wholesale pricing is available by email to qualified shop owners.
Wholesale pricing is available for bulk orders.
Wholesale pricing is available for large orders.
Wholesale pricing is available for large users.
Wholesale pricing is available for orders placed at least one day in advance.
Wholesale pricing is available for qualified retailers.
Wholesale pricing is available for volume orders.
Wholesale pricing is available on all products call for information.
Wholesale pricing is available on many of the products offered in our e-store and print catalog.
Wholesale pricing is available to clubs, tournaments, and companies.
Wholesale pricing is available to qualified businesses only .
Wholesale pricing is available to qualified vendors.
Wholesale pricing is available to qualifying distributors.
Wholesale pricing is available to service centers and dealers.
Wholesale pricing is available to the trade upon request.
Wholesale pricing is available upon request.
Wholesale pricing is available.
Wholesale pricing is provided below for individuals requiring larger quantities.
Wholesale production can take several forms.
Wholesale programs are also available.
Wholesale purchases are nonrefundable.
Wholesale quantities are available.
Wholesale questions welcome.
All wholesale quotes are available directly to retail or wholesale merchants.
Wholesale rates are available for bulk orders or potential distributors.
Wholesale rates are available to building contractors.
Wholesale rates are available to retailers.
Wholesale removal is the only way to go.
Wholesale replacement is out of the question.
Wholesale request are welcome.
Wholesale returns follow the same policy as retail returns.
Wholesale rules are simple and broad.
Wholesale sales are exempt from sales tax.
Wholesale sales are sales to retailers who resale to users or consumers.
Wholesale service is provided to several other nearby communities.
Wholesale suppliers are out.
Wholesale terms are also available.
Wholesale terms are available by request .
Wholesale terms are available please ask.
Wholesale traders come to the area to buy the utensils, which are sold at local village markets.
Wholesale unemployment breeds mass misery, want, discouragement, dissatisfaction, disorder.
Wholesale value is paid for titles already in overstock, or whose future use on campus is uncertain.
A wholesale is a marketing
Wholesale takes place through a net of drug-stores.
A wholesaler is a distributor
Wholesalers acknowledge that professional traders have an edge over individuals.
Wholesalers add information utility, providing details about products they sell.
Wholesalers also have various shipping and processing costs on top of the risk factors.
Wholesalers are a key link between manufacturers and the marketplace.
Wholesalers are also always welcome to inquire about our line.
Wholesalers are businesses that sell primarily to other businesses and institutions.
Wholesalers are suspicious of new product launches.
Wholesalers are the largest conduit for drug distribution.
Wholesalers are vendors.
Wholesalers are welcome.
Wholesalers ask about our reseller program.
Wholesalers buy for resale at wholesale.
Wholesalers buy from producers and then sell to retailers and other channel partners.
Wholesalers buy from the consolidators and sell to the agencies.
Wholesalers buy large amounts of a product from the manufacturer.
Wholesalers buy merchandise from manufacturers or brokers and resell the goods to retailers.
Wholesalers Buy products direct from manufacturers and sell for big profits.
Wholesalers can buy trees in bulk from many forests at a significant discount.
Wholesalers can click here .
Wholesalers can find unique products to resell.
Wholesalers can now manage multiple inventory files for added flexibility at discounted rates.
Wholesalers can sample wine to retailers to make a sale.
Wholesalers cite excess inventory disposal as a critical link in the supply chain.
Wholesalers compete with retailers by organizing chain stores.
Wholesalers continue to consolidate too.
Wholesalers currently receive a one percent collection fee.
Wholesalers dealing with our products are able to reach even smaller towns more effectively.
Wholesalers deny such accusations.
Wholesalers do a rousing business with supermarkets, produce dealers and restaurants.
Wholesalers enjoy deep volume discounts, which can be marked up to an independent subscriber base.
Wholesalers find real people on the phones able to jumpstart animal sales.
Wholesalers generally don t offer an item at a single, firm price.
Wholesalers get volume discounts.
Wholesalers have good reason to want to keep the interest of the direct-shipment proponents at bay.
Wholesalers keep the very best for their own customers.
Wholesalers lose money on draft beer.
Wholesalers make their big money on larger-volume sales.
Wholesalers naturally regard kickbacks as part of their costs.
Wholesalers offer product development instruments and can assist in business to business needs.
Wholesalers only please.
Wholesalers pay a higher commission on packages than airlines pay on single tickets.
Wholesalers perform as the middle man as they do in warranty situations.
Wholesalers provide a national network for distribution of manufacturers' products.
Wholesalers purchase our meat and sausage products for resale in the private sector.
Wholesalers receive hundreds of applications from artists but only contract with a few.
Wholesalers receive imported drugs of high degrees of purity.
Wholesalers respond by raising wholesale prices.
Wholesalers say it is the best TRUE miniature ever developed.
Wholesalers say produce demand from retailers has recovered almost entirely.
Wholesalers scoff at that notion.
Wholesalers seem to be looking at their role as merely a job rather than a calling.
Wholesalers sell merchandise to other businesses and normally operate from a warehouse or office.
Wholesalers sell products to both mainstream as well as fair trade retail stores.
Wholesalers sell refined gasoline from terminals to retail gasoline stations.
Wholesalers shell out a lot of money to buy orders from online brokerages.
Wholesalers still matter.
Wholesalers use technology to market fresh seafood to restaurants, grocers, and seafood stores.
Wholesalers vehemently deny such allegations.
Wholesalers often buy from distributors, because distributors usually specialize in what they carry.
Many wholesalers also act as processors and retailers.
Many wholesalers distribute beer, bottled water, and other beverages.
Many wholesalers possess years of marketing experience and numerous marketing contacts.
Many wholesalers use the Internet for customer orders.
Most wholesalers are legitimate, a few are bad apples.
Some wholesalers also act as retailers.
Some wholesalers are more squeamish than others about selling to non-pros.
Some wholesalers attach artificial flowers to cacti.
Some wholesalers offer services on sales promotion, buying, and new developments in products.
Some wholesalers pass on to their retailers tips on stores that are for rent or for sale.
Wholesome activities are a basic part of the program.
Wholesome communication is made possible by confidence, trust, and mutual understanding.
Wholesome companionship can strengthen our moral fiber.
Wholesome curiosity is a helpful key that has unlocked many doors to our understanding of the world.
Wholesome diet is what is necessary for good skin and hair.
Wholesome discipline is always consistent.
Wholesome eggs begin with healthy hens.
Wholesome entertainment can be an enriching experience for the child.
Wholesome farm stands boasting fresh foods and produce and local farmers dot the countryside.
Wholesome food is hard to find.
Wholesome food is prepared for the hungry, and drinks are filled for the thirsty.
Wholesome food is served including free range eggs, fresh fruit and vegetarian options.
Wholesome food is served including free-range eggs and organic milk.
Wholesome foods assist our organs of detoxification and make their job easier.
All wholesome food is caught without a net or a trap.
All wholesome food is caught without a net or trap.
All wholesome food is organic, where unwholesome food or dead food is inorganic.
Wholesome laughter has great face value.
Wholesome living requires keeping training rules.
Wholesome nutrition is a key component of maintaining a healthy immune system.
Wholesome recipes abound among the regional styles represented.
Wholewheat bread is preferable to refined flour bread.
Wholewheat crust is available upon request.
Wholewheat flour is a pure milled wheat flour with all of the bran in the flour.
Wholistic healing is a total healing - body, mind, spirit, social factors and environment.
Wholistic nurses are the bridge that joins conventional and Wholistic medicine.
Wholistic planning is essential in preparing lessons for a classroom of diverse learners.
Wholistic stewardship takes that meaning and expands it to encompass all of life.
Wholistic systems perspective on programming.
All wholsom food is caught without a net or a trap.
A whoop is a cry
Whoops are cries.
Whoops are usually good places for fast riders to pass.
Whoops go back a channel.
Whoops there goes another rubber tree plant .
A whooping cough is an infectious disease
Whooping cough affects the air passages and can cause difficulty in breathing.
Whooping cough begins with what appears to be a normal cold, which then develop into a cough.
Whooping cough can be a serious disease in very young children if treated inappropriately.
Whooping cough can be particularly severe in young children.
Whooping cough can be severe, especially in babies younger than a year old.
Whooping cough can be very distressing.
Whooping cough can have serious complications, such as pneumonia, brain dysfunction and seizure.
Whooping cough can lead to pneumonia and seizures.
Whooping cough can occur in adults as well as children.
Whooping cough has a characteristic cough, which gives it the name.
Whooping cough has three stages.
Whooping cough is a bacterial disease that can affect persons of all ages.
Whooping cough is a highly communicable disease of the respiratory tract.
Whooping cough is a highly contagious bacterial infection.
Whooping cough is a highly infectious disease.
Whooping cough is a mild condition in otherwise healthy children and leaves no permanent damage.
Whooping cough is also highly contagious and can cause violent coughing.
Whooping cough is also very rare now thanks to vaccination .
Whooping cough is caused by bacteria that attach to the cells in the airway.
Whooping cough is extremely serious.
Whooping cough is highly contagious.
Whooping cough is more prevalent among adults than reported statistics reveal.
Whooping cough is most dangerous to infants.
Whooping cough is no longer common because most children get shots to prevent it.
Whooping cough is primarily a disease of infants and preschool children.
Whooping cough is rare for a reason, and regular vaccines can keep it that way.
Whooping cough is transmitted through the air when an infected person coughs.
Whooping cough occurs on an infrequent basis as most children are vaccinated early in childhood.
Whooping cough remains an important cause of respiratory illness in all age groups.
Whooping cough See pertussis .
Whooping coughs are bacterial infection.
Whooping coughs are infectious diseases.
Whooping coughs are respiratory diseases.
A whooping crane is a crane
Whooping cranes are birds.
Whooping cranes are cranes.
Whooping cranes are endangered, though they are making a tentative comeback.
Whooping cranes are extremely rare birds and have only a few homes in North America.
Whooping cranes are five feet tall and grayish white.
Whooping cranes are graceful looking birds with long, sinuous necks and long legs.
Whooping cranes are omnivorous feeders.
Whooping cranes are one of the most endangered birds in North America.
Whooping cranes are the tallest birds in North America, standing over four feet tall.
Some whooping cranes are usually present.
Whoops Things are a little different now.
A whopper is a lie
Whopper is a super sweet fella that has a wonderfully smooth gait even when trotting.
Whopper is more like a Whimper here.
Whoppers are lies.
Whoppers are like our lives.
Whoppers lurk there.
Whopping deficits develop if spending rises faster than revenues.
A whore is a woman
Whores are always the first of 'em.
Whores are always the first.
Whores are located in motels.
Whores are prostitutes.
Whores are quick to point out that other women have the right to support their husbands and lovers.
Whores are the most honest girls.
Whores are used for sex.
Whores claire nude for funny have whores get youngblack.
Whores do it for the money.
Whores get naked to show their stuff.
Whores work double time as psychologists, and the only pill they prescribe is a muscle relaxant.
A whorl is a round shape
Whorl feeding in pretassel corn can be a problem with late plantings.
Whorl is on the regular shaft.
Whorl isa shape.
Whorls are strongly convex, with a very slight shoulder, and the suture is deeply indented.
Whorls are the layers of branches that grow from the main trunk.
Whorls are usually circular or spiral in shape.
Whorls become more crowded toward the tip of the stems.
Whorls globose with a deeply impressed suture.
Whorls have lines entering at the side of the finger pad and spiraling inward, ending in the center.
A whorled milkweed is a silkweed
Whorled milkweed is perennial from a shallow root system.
Whorled milkweed occurs in dry open areas.
A whortleberry is a berry
Whortleberries abound in our woods, and on every waste hill-side.
Whose course is often stayd, yet never is astray.
Whose style transcends music fads, by consistently touching people of all ages and interests.
Whose website is here.
WhoWhatWhen database creates graphic timelines of periods and individuals in history.
All WIAA rules apply except timing and defense.
Wiccan ceremonies are intensely ritualistic.
Wiccan groups are autonomous.
Wiccan Jewelry Specialize in wiccan, pagan and metaphysical jewelry.
Wiccan rituals involve spells that really work.
Wiccan schools exist online as well.
Most Wiccan spells are more like rituals.
Wiccan teacher fights suspension from North Carolina school.
Wiccan witches practice two kinds of magic.
Wick has (part) sections.
Wick is cord
Wick is cord.
Wick is part of candles.
Wick is part of oil lamps.
Wick is parts.
Wick isa cord.
Wicks burn slowly and are much safer than string.
Wicks come in different types and diameters.
Wicks come in rolls or pre-cut lengths.
Wicks constructs a complex and nuanced picture of nurse-doctor relations.
Wicks End all sorts of candles, candle accessories, gift baskets and more.
Wicks End online - for an elegant array of candles to illuminate any room or create any mood.
Wicks explains that the immediate goal for the fall is for each class to have a Web presence.
Wicks is a freelance writer from Nashville.
Wicks moisture away from the skin.
Wicks moisture away.
Wicks now offers precision parts in large or small quantities.
Wicked City passes right beyond the realm of horror into the land of exceedingly bad taste.
Wicked corporations preying upon helpless individuals are responsible for individuals' behavior.
Wicked lights are rampant in the earth.
Wicked man refuses to recognize and confess the burden of sin.
Wicked men get away with evil and seem to prosper as a result of it.
Wicked men obey for fear, but the good for love.
Wicked men speak very foolishly to their souls.
Wicked men tend to have short friendships based on enjoying each other's evil habits.
Every wicked man is a miserable man.
Wicked people are more prone to seek office than are good people.
Wicked people are too proud.
Wicked people bring a city in decay, but wise men set it up again.
Some wicked people dare to disagree with environmentalists.
Wicked problems are similar to ill-defined problems , just much worse.
Wicked stepmothers are common.
Wicked teachers turn students to apples.
Wicked women cause unhappiness.
Wickedness begets wickedness.
Wickedness is active evil , mischief .
Wickedness is against the natural order of things.
Wickedness is always easier than virtue, for it takes a short cut to everything.
Wickedness is everywhere.
Wickedness is in the midst of the American nation.
Wickedness is loose in our world.
Wickedness is transgression
Wickedness works, it seems.
All wickedness is but little to the wickedness of a woman.
All wickedness is but little to the wickedness of women.
All wickedness is ultimately because people hate each other or are jealous or suspicious or afraid.
A wicker basket is a basket
Wicker basket gives rise to egoless sack.
Wicker baskets are a wonderful alternative to traditional file boxes.
Wicker baskets are baskets.
Wicker baskets are great catch-alls for the nursery.
Wicker baskets work great at holding napkins and plastic utensils on a table.
Wicker baskets work well as nesting sites.
Wicker Park is on the northwest side of Chicago.
A wicker is wood
Wicker ignores the facts.
Wicker intends to speak loud and clearly.
Wicker is a construction technique rather than a material.
Wicker is a strong proponent community college accessibility.
Wicker is in excellent condition.
Wicker is no stranger to the field of human resources.
Wicker is perfect for sunrooms or covered porches.
Wicker is romantic, wood feels warmly rustic and resin plastic speaks of a no-nonsense practicality.
Wicker lasts longer if it gets wet now and then.
Wicker seeks to do three things.
Wicker sees cloning as a way to cheat death.
Wicker works best with cushions.
Wicker works very well because it is sturdy, flexible and relatively lightweight.
Wickers are solid objects.
Wickers are wood.
Wickers are work.
Wickers is a leader in the manufacture of performance sports and thermal underwear.
Wickers manufactures a full line of lightweight, mid-weight and expedition weight garments.
Wickers performance technical fleece, sports and thermal underwear for the outdoor enthusiast.
Wickers says the bomb-making technology is nearly three decades old, and available on the Internet.
Wickersham soils are coarse loamy over sandy or sandy-skeletal.
A wickerwork is work
Wickerwork is to be found in crafts markets.
Wicket gates control water delivery to the units.
Some wicket keepers have been know to use extra padding to supplement the gloves.
A wicket is an opening
Wicket looks better today, but the cracks are a bit more prominent.
Wickets are gates.
Wickets are in fact one of the center points of cricket.
Wickets are made of stumps.
Wickets are openings.
Wickets are, apparently, something that comes into use during a cricket game.
Wickham soils are on similar landforms but have mixed mineralogy.
Wicking fibers offer a better solution for removing perspiration from the skin and cooling it.
Wicklow head offers shelter along a coast singularly destitute of harbours of refuge.
Widal test is quite sensitive but has become highly nonspecific.
Wide agreement is here the signal of the platitude that our age is in crisis.
Wide aisles make it easy to get around.
Wide aisles make it easy to set up, and get out when it's over.
Wide aisles make maneuvering vehicles easy.
Wide aisles make manuevering vehicles easy.
Wide aisles separate the bars, making it easier for customers to negotiate during rush times.
Wide angle is best, so combine zooming in and movement with caution.
Wide angle is more problematic.
Wide Angle Reading Reads extra long bar codes with ease.
Wide angles are nice for landscapes, etc.
Wide angles are very usable without the rangefinder coupling due to their great depth of field.
Wide angles can be useful in closed habitats such as the various hammocks.
Wide appeal is great, but the Internet is ideal for niche products.
Wide areas give the roots a place to spread and grow.
Wide availability is to follow shortly after that.
Wide balconies offer beautiful views to the forest.
Wide band receive.
Wide bands have a low sound.
Some wide bands extend from snouts.
Wide bandwidth is available from cable modems too.
Wide barriers are usually a big disadvantage.
Wide base helps prevent sinking or slipping.
Wide base provides extra stability.
Wide base provides stability.
Wide basis encourages storage while narrow basis signals time to move the physical.
Wide beaches are nearby as well as hills, forests and rich wine country.
Wide beam gives exceptional deck area for a wide range of uses.
Wide beam gives lots of room for two casters.
Wide belts add horizontal lines and draw attention to a small, neat waist.
Wide bills can process hard sedge seeds, and narrow bills can process soft seeds.
Wide blades are available.
Some wide blades are effective for clearing and tilling a larger area.
Wide boats are more stable but also slower.
Wide boats are popular today since they provide form stability and large interior volume.
Wide Body Is In.
Wide boulevards occupying the site of ancient walls surround the precinct.
Wide bracelets are more in proportion to the average-height woman than very narrow ones.
Wide bracelets complement rather than very narrow ones.
Wide brick pathways wind through the garden, wooden benches provide the shopper with a welcome rest.
Wide brim protects tender skin.
Wide carriage is nice for printing large spreadsheet models in portrait or landscape.
Wide characters are characters too large to fit in the char type.
Wide characters receive a grid increment if no other width adjustment is used.
Wide chines aft provide for good stability at rest .
Wide converter is also available.
Wide curls cover the small ushnisha .
Wide cushions spread the compression load more comfortably.
Wide deployment is the next step.
Wide design helps baby open wide and rosebud lips around the base of the nipple.
Wide differences exist between groups based on religious practice, age, cultural orientation, etc.
Wide differences exist in production levels and the efficient use of resources.
Wide disparities exist among countries and regions.
Wide dissemination is planned.
Wide distribution is good.
Some wide distribution indicates potential.
Wide divergencies exist with respect to the situation of older persons in various societies.
Wide doors accommodate wheelchairs and walkers.
Wide doors give a house an open, airy feeling.
Wide doors make moving equipment and furniture easier for everyone.
Wide drives require wide shelves.
Wide driveway offers ample parking.
Wide driveways make for easy truck maneuvering.
Wide excision is the preferred treatment and there is normally no role for chemotherapy.
Wide excision is the treatment of choice.
Wide experience is available in all endoscopic techniques.
Wide eyes dwarf a little mouth.
Wide eyes follow lines, proping pencils over shoulders seemingly the size of trees.
Wide eyelet accepts a range of suture sizes and protects the suture from abrasion.
Wide fabrics are often available in the decorating or upholstery section of fabric stores.
Wide faces generate more heat.
Wide fairways accommodate the average golfer no matter which tee is used.
Wide fairways beckon the player to many elevated greens.
Wide fairways provide plenty of landing area off the tee.
Wide finger grips on barrel for control in use.
Wide Feet Use the eyelets closest to the tongue of the shoe.
Wide foot rails.
Wide format printers Information about the range of wide format ink jet printers.
Wide frontage allows large home.
Wide gauntlet allows easier entry and removal.
Wide glasses help.
Wide grips accentuate the rear delts, rhomboids and traps while narrow grip accentuate the lats.
Wide growth rings on the lower side.
Wide gussets accommodate high profile and bulky items such as sponges and towels.
Wide hands show an ability to earn money.
Wide income disparities ii.
Wide intervals establish a consonant tone that balances the piece's restless exploration.
Wide jaws have teeth.
Most wide jaws have teeth.
Wide keyboards result in the pointer being positioned further out to the side.
Wide lace trims skirt tiers and bodice neck.
Wide laces are available by special order.
Wide latitude is delegated for the administrative and technical direction of the program.
Wide latitude is given for the selection of computer techniques to accomplish the task.
Wide latitude is given for the selection of system design techniques to accomplish the task.
Wide latitude is given in the selection of projects.
Wide latitude is granted for independent judgment in the performance of duties.
Wide latitude is intended and accepted in how schools choose to meet the criteria.
Wide latitude is permitted in assigned areas of responsibility.
Wide lawns stretch down to river's edge.
Wide leaves are bluish and have irregular, gold margins.
Wide leaves turn a lemon yellow to orange with a luminescent quality.
Wide lenses require fewer steps to get the full sweep than longer lenses do.
Wide line feels better.
Wide lines convert with length and fill pattern.
Wide lines have the same problem.
Wide Listeners Scare the dickens out of a group of children or impressionable friends.
Wide loops work best.
Wide lowlands extend along the almost unindented Caribbean coast.
Wide margins allow for instructor notes and company customization.
Wide margins allow for instructor notes and customization.
Wide margins are essential for editing changes and notes.
Wide margins are partly to blame.
Wide margins have some scattered spotting and a few tiny wormholes.
Wide margins have some scattered spotting and browning of margin edges.
Wide margins have some spotting.
Wide margins have the same danger, they invite comment.
Wide margins surround the map image.
Wide mats create focus toward the art.
Wide measurement ranges for capacitors, resistors and inductors.
Wide mouth accepts ice cubes and makes adding drink mixes a cleaner effort.
Wide mouth eliminates fluid surge during pouring and sloping shoulders facilitate complete drainage.
Wide mouth is easy to fill with dry materials or liquids.
Wide mouth pour spout.
Wide mouth puppets for all-age worship, evangelism, schools assemblies and fun.
Wide neck allows for easy refilling.
Wide nodes have additional expansion slots compared to thin nodes.
Wide nodes occupy two frame slots and use the odd-numbered slot number.
Some wide noodles use in soup.
Some wide noodles use in vietnamese soup.
Wide openings allow certified wreck divers the opportunity for penetration.
Wide opportunities exist for engineers with a broad based knowledge of technologies and systems.
Wide orientation works best.
Wide ovens needs less turning.
Some wide overhangs cover windows.
Wide participation helps to assure that the committee chooses an appropriate faculty member.
Wide participation is better than dominance by a few.
Wide participation is encouraged.
Wide participation occurs when people who are capable of influencing the political system do so.
Wide paths form a diamond around the centerpiece with cross paths leading to the monument.
Wide peak is perfect for less experienced surfers.
Wide pipes can carry more information than narrow pipes.
Wide planer blades then shave off some of the wood and leave a finished surface.
Wide polarity range capillary columns.
Wide porches wrap around the main building, offering an excellent view of the surrounding mountains.
Wide price ranges, no gallery commission.
Wide publicity is to be given in Press and Media.
Wide rails are available for increased moment capacity.
Wide ranges cover areas.
Wide ranges exist in pricing dependent on position and inventory.
Wide ranges include areas.
Wide rays dissect the vascular ring.
Wide receiver is essential.
Wide receiver is one of the most competitive positions.
Wide receiver is one of the trickier offensive positions when it comes to switching systems.
Wide receiver is still a question mark, and a third receiver is needed.
Wide receiver is the first test.
Wide receiver s a very deep position, defensive tackle s a very deep position.
Wide receivers are a dime a dozen.
Wide receivers are fast, agile and jump like gazelles.
Wide receivers are taller, leaner, less muscular and faster.
Wide receivers are very different then most other positions.
Wide receivers can come in all sorts of packages.
Wide receivers can have a huge advantage in the wishbone offense.
Wide receivers have another mixed day.
Wide receivers run a lot longer distances than an offensive lineman.
Wide receivers team well together.
Wide reports cause a scroll bar to appear at the bottom of the report window.
Wide reports use landscape printing.
Wide resection is the preferred method of removal of most soft tissue sarcomas.
Wide right happens.
Wide rims require ample tabletop space.
Wide rings keep mesh away from face and neck.
Wide rotations are needed in some countries to minimize crop loss.
Wide row covers for frost protection.
Wide sash falls gracefully from the center.
Wide savannahs extend to the North.
Wide seats are more for upright riding.
Wide selection includes historic images, airplanes, helicopters, space systems, ground equipment.
Wide serrations have less resistance when slicing even warm loaves of bread.
Wide serrations make it easy to cut through any bread.
Wide shanks have more surface area to contact abrasives or corrosives.
Wide shelves permit easy access to food at the back of the refrigerator.
Wide shelves provide easy access to food in the refrigerator.
Wide sidewalks are good for bicycling, walking or jogging.
Wide sidewalks are lined with ground-level shops such as dry cleaners, copy centers and restaurants.
Wide size is preferred by many players for playing poker.
Wide skis ride better on deep, soft powder by spreading the skier's weight over a larger area.
Wide slopes cascade through stands of aspen and pine.
Wide slots toast a variet of items from English muffins to thick homemade bread.
Wide slots toast a variety of items from Engish muffins to thick homemade bread.
Wide sole adds to the low CG concept, plus it positions weight directly behind the ball.
Wide space is dedicated to the free web pages .
Wide spaces can look narrower by running rectangular pavers the length of the area.
Wide spreads are bad news for investors, as they erode the profits from dealing in shares.
Wide stairs lead to the central hall.
Wide stairs lead up approximately six feet to the main library lobby on the upper level.
Wide stairways lead to handsome crew quarters below.
Wide steps belong to the temple.
Wide steps surrounding the pool provide audience seating areas.
Wide straps are better than a halter.
Wide straps distribute the load better than narrow straps.
Wide streets curve around British colonial mansions.
Wide strings are necessary for many non-roman alphabets, i.e., Japanese.
Some wide stripes are separated by dark stripes.
Some wide stripes are separated by narrow dark stripes.
Some wide stripes are separated by narrow stripes.
Some wide stripes are separated by stripes.
Wide style has stainless steel center dee.
Wide support is anticipated from churches, unions, human rights and peace groups.
Wide temperature range nematic materials with very large dielectric anisotropies.
Wide tire makes a great cruiser or sand tire.
Wide tires give better traction and last a little better too.
Wide tires provide better traction under all weather conditions.
Wide tires tend to float on top of the snow, unlike narrow tires, which provide a better grip.
Wide tolerance fittings to suit all pipe materials, plastics or metals.
Wide top offers extreme working area and top book shelf storage.
Wide tourniquets eliminate blood flow at low inflation pressures.
Wide track bearings for easy blanket rolling.
Wide tracks are important to reduce switching noise.
Wide travel is likely.
Wide trees are available.
Wide trucks are the best for beginners, because they offer the best balance.
Wide turns are better than abrupt turns.
Wide use is encouraged.
Wide use is made of computers for datalogging in all subject areas.
Wide use is made of figures and cross-referencing, and detailed indices are provided.
Wide valleys accommodate meandering rivers.
Wide valleys have more area available for storage.
Wide variability exists among farmers in terms of their resources, capabilities, and interests.
Wide variation exists in duties and service perspectives among IT support staff.
Wide variation exists in how departments assess their program outcomes.
Wide variation exists in the statements for many cancer sites.
Wide variation is found in actual speed, reliability, and error handling quality of the drives.
Wide variation is found, however, among individuals.
Wide variation occurs between individuals, even in normal health.
Wide variations are also clear within metropolitan regions.
Wide variations exist in funding patterns within physics.
Wide variations occur within short distances.
Wide velvet trim on sides and at the top of both built in bra cups.
Wide verandahs surround the main house and provide clusters of gathering areas.
Wide views are more important than narrow perspectives.
Wide vocabularies help people express ideas.
Wide volumes shirts closes like an envelop on the side and transparency becomes more clear.
Wide wafer provides protection from choking.
Wide Web FAQs about cabling.
Wide Web Find a new listing first right here.
Wide Web is only accessible to people who have direct access to the Internet.
Wide web reduces sole pressure while giving light free movement.
Wide Web schon bestanden.
Wide Web sites the world over.
Wide wheels offer the truck more stability on the road.
Wide widgets borrow from techniques in science and modeling.
Wide width open back mens slipper .
Wide widths make it easy to cover large areas quickly.
Wideband audio provides rich and full sound for meeting participants.
Wideband audio provides rich sound for meeting participants.
Widened roads mean more traffic and more pollution.
WideOpenWest officials know they'll have to offer more services to lure customers to their company.
Wider abuses make rebels.
Wider access means wider citation.
Wider access serves the interests of both authors and readers.
Wider advertising is encouraged including postings to appropriate listservs and other venues.
Wider aisles are neccesary to allow for safe manoeuvring of crutches or a wheelchair.
Wider angles are stronger and provide better support and weather resistance.
Wider angles are stronger for better support.
Wider angles make stronger branches.
Wider audiences come dramatically into play as well.
Wider availability is subject of ongoing discussions.
Wider bands are more comfortable than narrower ones.
Wider bands indicate periods of higher volatility and a strong trend.
Wider bandwidth allows for more detailed image or sound.
Wider bandwidth means sending more data.
Wider bandwidths are possible by warping the fringe structure through processing techniques.
Wider bandwidths can carry more information.
Wider bandwidths provide better sensitivity, but also increase the chromatic aberration.
Wider base provides for more stability for packing and shipping.
Wider beaches mean more beach plants in a year when lake levels are low.
Wider blades are especially valuable for preventing soil buildup on the rear-gang blades.
Wider blades offer more forgiveness for bracing.
Wider boards feel better under big feet, but are harder to flip.
Wider boards offer more fluctuation and are the perfect choice for very small fat waves.
Wider boats are also more comfortable boats.
Wider bobbers are for saltwater fishing.
Wider buffers are better, especially where slopes are steep.
Wider buildings use additional center-ceiling inlets.
Wider changes are yet to come.
Wider comprehension is aided by succinct visuals.
Any wider conclusions are on shaky ground.
Wider conveyor reduces material bridging.
Wider couches are also more awkward to carry and put in a car.
Wider cove is more graceful.
Wider coverage is available here of the main developments in Argentina, Chile, Paraguay and Uruguay.
Wider coverage is intended in future editions.
Wider culverts prevent the river from backing up, which in turn increases the velocity of the water.
Wider designs do a good job of damping due to the large contact area.
Wider dissemination leads to more extensive use of the whole survey.
Wider dissemination remains a continuing issue.
Wider doors can allow for faster loading and unloading.
Wider field makes it easier for the offensive team.
Wider flooring is considered plank flooring.
Wider gauges are called broad gauge , smaller gauges are called narrow gauge .
Wider gauges are called broad gauge, smaller gauges are called narrow gauge.
Wider hallways make it easier to move about in the home.
Wider hedges yield smaller berries and are harder to pick.
Wider heels offer more support than narrow ones.
Wider horizons loom directly ahead for West Virginia and all outdoor recreationists.
Wider issues involved go to the core of law and justice policy across the nation and beyond.
Wider kicks increase drag.
Wider letters are easier to pull from their non-stick backing without tearing.
Wider limits can take effect under certain market conditions.
Wider margins make it difficult to estimate the running time.
Wider medians are better in rural areas, narrow medians in suburban.
Wider networks allow larger streams with subsequent improvement in quality.
Wider noodles work better with heavier tomato and cream sauces.
Many wider opportunities have adult staff positions available, too.
Wider panels require multiple LED's.
Wider paper is used under the finish exterior siding, either stucco or framing.
Wider participation is welcome, including alpha and beta-testing of released software.
Wider participation leads to more rational decisions.
Wider pitches give better contact with the threaded rod.
Wider portions are the trachea and pharynx.
Wider reading is encouraged at all levels.
Wider reading is required for the essays.
Wider recognition is needed of the key role which rural programmes play in overall development.
Wider relationships matter as much as the single effect desired by the scientist.
Wider release is designed as appropriate.
Wider ribbon gives a wonderful effect.
Wider ribbons are box-pleated in double or triple pleats and tied.
Wider roads have a higher injury rate than narrow ones.
Wider roads increase congestion.
Wider rows allow the ridges to be higher or less peaked.
Wider rows make inter-row spraying possible.
Wider shape ensures comfort, too.
Wider shoes reduce the pressure on the bunion.
Wider spans take longer to compute.
Wider stance allows for superior stability on hillsides.
Wider straps are always a good bet.
Wider straps can help distribute the weight, resulting in less digging-in.
Wider streets make it safer.
Wider testing is indicated.
Wider text needs more black.
Wider themes are possible.
Wider tires are best.
Wider Tires are better.
Wider tires are less harmful on pavement since they distribute load over a larger surface area.
Wider tires do generate more frictional force all other things being equal.
Wider tires have smooth centers for easy street riding and knobby edges for added off-road traction.
Wider tracks make for better navigation and better races.
Wider tubes indicate a more serious infestation.
Wider use is precluded because ceramics fracture and fail more often than amalgam.
Wider wheels tend to have more grip, as opposed to thinner wheels.
Wider wheels tend to last longer, drag more but offer more wheel to edge with.
Wider width allows fusing to large pieces without piecing.
Wider widths are available.
Wider wires have a greater cross-sectional area.
Widespread abstention corners the rats and as everyone knows, cornered rats can become vicious.
Widespread acceptance is still an open question.
Widespread access is the key.
Widespread appeal can also lead to greater fame.
Widespread bands represent regions of lithospheric extension with infill from below of new material.
Widespread campaigns result in development.
Most widespread campaigns result in development.
Widespread conifers grow in areas.
Widespread conifers grow in dry open areas.
Most widespread conifers grow in areas.
Most widespread conifers grow in dry open areas.
Widespread consultation is called for.
Widespread contamination is more likely to occur in the rooms of patients having diarrhea.
Widespread contraception is clearly bad from a practical point of view.
Widespread corruption continues unabated.
Widespread corruption introduces a deadly does of moral pollution into society.
Widespread corruption is also a problem.
Widespread corruption threatens the very basis of an open, multilateral, global economy.
Widespread coverage includes photos gallery and travel logs.
Widespread damage is caused to buildings and roads .
Widespread damage is caused to buildings and roads.
Widespread damage is due more to weaknesses in control measures than to lack of awareness.
Widespread damage is likely due to the buildup of ice.
Some widespread damage occurs in neighborhoods.
Widespread death is caused by diseases.
Most widespread death is caused by diseases.
Widespread declines can be very important forest health issues.
Widespread defoliation can also have negative impacts on wildlife.
Widespread deforestation is visible on many hill slopes.
Widespread depression has a large cost to our economy, both in medical expenses and lost labor.
Widespread destruction cuts off the blood supply and shrinks the fibroid over the following months.
Widespread diffusion can take from five to fifty years.
Widespread diseases are caused by several different viruses.
Widespread diseases are caused by viruses.
More widespread disease can lead to severe organ damage.
Most widespread diseases are caused by several different viruses.
Most widespread diseases are caused by viruses.
Some widespread diseases cause mortality.
Some widespread diseases cause significant mortality.
Some widespread diseases kill starfishs.
Widespread dissemination is encouraged and deeply appreciated.
Widespread dissemination occurs in at least one-third of the patients.
Widespread distribution has an important effect on the consumer purchasing by habit.
Widespread distribution is important because many of the issues cross district lines.
Widespread dominants are white oak, red oak, black oak, bitternut hickory, and shagbark hickory.
Widespread enthusiasm can bloat values, mask weaknesses and make management complacent.
Widespread famine is recurrent despite superabundant food production.
Widespread famines are thing of the past.
Widespread flexibility leads to rapid turnover of goods and production methods.
Widespread floods are unusual in North Dakota during the growing season.
Widespread flooding is caused by heavy torrential rains.
Widespread fog is more common with warm fronts than cold fronts.
Some widespread impact includes destructive wind.
Some widespread impact includes wind.
Widespread infestations can lead to soil erosion and stream sedimentation.
Widespread information becomes power to the people.
Widespread interest exists in the Dutch approach to drug policies.
Widespread litigation is even scarier.
Widespread pain is a necessary component of fibromyalgia.
Widespread participation builds trust and creativity.
Widespread pollution is a bitter inheritance of the last century s wave of industrialism.
Widespread poverty inhibits the full and effective enjoyment of human rights.
Widespread poverty means that appropriate development in China's western regions is urgently needed.
Widespread poverty means that people have less money to buy goods and services from other countries.
Widespread poverty remains the major challenge to development efforts.
Widespread prosperity comes from widespread efforts to serve others well.
Widespread publication is a critical component of the claims process.
Widespread rainfall amounts over one-half inch fell across the region.
Widespread rioting breaks out as people scramble to buy bottled water at neighborhood stores.
Widespread smuggling exists.
Widespread speculation ranges about exactly what goes on at the base.
Widespread support exists for implementing components of the system.
Widespread support is critical to make the club a success.
Widespread transposition is a major indication that nothing out of the ordinary is happening.
Widespread unemployment means few job opportunities for school leavers.
Widespread use is made of relevant information technology.
Widespread use is still in the future.
Widespread vaccination is done when there is a threat of another disease outbreak.
Widespread vegetarianism can alleviate hunger and thereby bring more peace to the world.
Widespread violence is certainly one possible consequence of the collapse of the two-state solution.
Widespread weakness exists in home sales and consumer and business loan demand.
Widespread weeds grow in ranges.
Most widespread weeds grow in ranges.
Widest dissemination is encouraged and newsworthy items are solicited for inclusion.
Widest dissemination is encouraged.
Widest dissemination is requested.
Widest modification enables the core of our methodology the cognitive analyses .
Widest modification enables the core of our methodology the cognitive analyses.
A widget is a device
Widget helps on both fronts.
Widget is distinct from yourstuff.
Widget is freeware.
Widget redrawing when the window resizes sometimes messes up.
Widget uses shorter txt file and sunbird.txt for location.
Widgets are a client-side notion only.
Widgets are available for separate control of brightness and opacity.
Widgets are divisible, so the demand curve is a straight line.
Widgets are domino-sized blocks of acrylic.
Widgets are natural examples of objects, in the computing sense.
Widgets are nifty tools that make it easy to publish and watch videos on other sites.
Widgets are objects whose appearance and behavior can be customized.
Widgets are the basic building blocks, or objects, of X programs.
Widgets are the building blocks for the user interface of an application.
Widgets are the general term used to describe user interface objects.
Widgets can also place a regular menu item if they wish.
Widgets can be at any level of a tree depending on the application.
Widgets can be simple or complex.
Widgets can define additional callback lists as they see fit.
Widgets change there states dynamically during the execution of an application.
Widgets cope gracefully with changes in window style.
Widgets depend on each other.
Widgets present individual items of information.
Widgets provide a natural domain for object-oriented programming techniques.
Widgets provide a simple API to complex underlying functionality.
Widgets represent items such as buttons, sliders and menu items.
Widgets vary in appearance and dimension from platform to platform.
Widgets work better than behavior modifications.
Widgets often have preferred sizes and perhaps locations.
All widgets can have borders of a few specific kinds.
All widgets can send and receive messages.
All widgets have a -width option.
Every widget has a parent.
Every widget has a set of defined signals which it sends in response to different user actions.
Every widget is a member of only one class and always has a window associated with it.
Every widget is now guaranteed move and resize events.
Many widgets are also containers.
Many widgets provide convenience functions for setting and getting resource values.
Some widgets display information, such as text or graphics.
Some widgets have a specific appearance and behavior in the interface display.
Widow remarriage is no stigma.
Widow spiders are most likely to bite if there are eggs present in the web.
Widow spiders are poisonous spiders.
Widow spiders are spiders.
Widow spiders are well known for their potentially dangerous bite.
Widow spiders belong to the cobweb spider family and spin loosely organized trap webs.
Widow spiders feed on a wide variety of arthropods.
Widow spiders go through phases.
Widow spiders prefer to nest near the ground, in dark, undisturbed areas.
Widow spiders prey on insects.
Widow spiders prey on other insects.
Most widow spiders go through phases.
Most widow spiders prey on insects.
Most widow spiders prey on other insects.
Some widow spiders belong to families.
Some widow spiders bite people.
Some widow spiders cause death.
Widow venom produces reaction.
A widow is a woman
Widow isa woman.
Widow mourns before husband's numbered grave.
Widow resist Treatment off whatever berry near an wood.
Widows also have no legal rights over their late husband's trees.
Widows are a big deal in the Bible - always a concern for the widows.
Widows are acceptable prey.
Widows are also eligible.
Widows are among the hardest hit.
Widows are another means of slowing the reader down.
Widows are easy prey for petty criminals.
Widows are eligible for free dues as well.
Widows are exempt from paying dues.
Widows are female animals.
Widows are likely to experience a sharp drop in income and benefits upon the death of their spouse.
Widows are much better.
Widows are particularly vulnerable to violence, sexual abuse and rape.
Widows are shy, retiring spiders and bite only reluctantly, usually only when molested.
Widows are slow and easy to catch with nets.
Widows are very short lines, one or two words, at the bottom of a paragraph.
Widows are widoweds.
Widows are women.
Widows can own property and run their own businesses.
Widows comprise the economically most disadvantaged group among the elderly.
Widows differ in age, economic and family status, giftings and emotions.
Widows especially lead gruesome existences.
Widows face a particularly difficult time because of socio-cultural and economic disadvantages.
Widows fight for dignity and unity.
Widows have (part) arms.
Widows have (part) cell membranes.
Widows have (part) cells.
Widows have (part) cytoplasm.
Widows have (part) heads.
Widows have (part) legs.
Widows have (part) necks.
Widows have (part) nuclei.
Widows have (part) personality.
Widows have (part) plasma membranes.
Widows have (part) sections.
Widows have (part) vacuoles.
Widows have (part) woman's bodies.
Widows have families.
Widows have husband's death given in many cases.
Widows have to push the boundaries of what is acceptable work.
Widows Is an ultra-conservative portfolio.
Widows lose husbands.
Widows love children.
Widows manifest the lowest prevalence of alcohol abuse.
Widows ordinarily lose their widows' benefits when they remarry.
Widows succeed their husbands as governors of Texas and Wyoming.
Widows walk with small ocean views.
Widows walk, large back deck, and hot tub.
All widows are poisonous.
All widows are venomous.
All widows are welcome.
Every widow deserves no less.
Many widows commit suicide in their desperation.
Many widows experience a troubling problem after the death of a partner.
Many widows find socializing with married friends to be awkward.
Many widows have children and grandchildren.
Many widows prefer to wear their rings for the rest of their lives.
Many widows say they are taking life one day at a time, focusing on the short term.
Many widows still live there, in homes where they raised families.
Most widows have a horror of being touched by male friends and acquaintances.
Most widows have families.
Most widows lose husbands.
Most widows sell and move into town.
Some widows are fortunate enough to have male children who can beg for the family.
Some widows commit suicide.
Some widows discover children.
Some widows find trees.
Some widows have backs.
Some widows have children.
Some widows have husbands.
Some widows have observations.
Some widows have reputations.
Some widows look for stock.
Some widows reach ages.
Some widows receive benefits.
Some widows receive social security benefits.
Some widows receive survivor benefits.
Widowed men are also likely to suffer marked deterioration after the death of their wife.
Widowed men are four times as likely to be murdered.
Widowed women allocate more towards housing, food, and health.
A widower is a man
Widowers appear to be most vulnerable.
Width measurement includes drape.
Width measurement is taken as the flower grows naturally.
Width units are microns.
Width is a dimension
Width is dimensions.
Width is distance.
Width isa dimension.
Widths are subject to manufacturing tolerance.
Widths can increase from eight to forty-four feet.
Widths vary with size of names.
All widths are available.
All widths given below are in pixels.
Some width falls within ranges.
Some widths are standard.
A wiener is sausage
Wieners are sausage.
Wieners are winners.
Some wieners use natural casings, which remain on the wiener when it is eaten.
Wierd messages appear on screen.
Wiergate soils are on broad, nearly level to gently sloping uplands.
Wiergate soils have mollic surface layers.
Wife abuse is one of the main reasons for women to be seen in hospital emergency rooms.
A wife is a partner
A wife is a woman
Wife accidentally shoots husband.
Wife agrees to accompany husband on one hike during the course of the weekend.
Wife also challenges the court's rulings on equitable distribution and spousal support.
Wife Also remember dat har friends are all sworn to secrecy so once again everyting get crash.
Wife amuse near few samantha janus movies.
Wife amuse near few the hospital.
Wife amuse near few tiempo de lobos.
Wife appeals a third time.
Wife appeals the trial court's division of the marital estate.
Wife argues that the district court incorrectly calculated husband's net income and expenses.
Wife argues that the maintenance award in the second amended judgment and decree is insufficient.
Wife argues that the maintenance award was insufficient.
Wife asserts that denial of attorney fees was an abuse of discretion.
Wife avoids responsibility.
Wife begins or stops work. . . . . . . . .
Wife bleed over little quotes how trick sports scores golf.
Wife bleed over little quotes how trick success magazine.
Wife brigham young cougars helmet.
Wife brigham young helmet.
Wife buys it.
Wife caregiver at bedside.
Wife challenges retroactivity of the child support award.
Wife cheating use surveillance software to monitor computor activity.
Wife chops it with a hatchet on a cloth - made from dogwood and willow.
WIFE conducts seminars on a wide range of topics that help to demystify financial matters for women.
Wife contends that the court erred in so doing.
Wife contends that the trial court correctly concluded that the agreement is invalid.
Wife contends that the trial court erred by failing to equally divide the parties' property.
Wife contends that the trial court erred in finding that the tanning business was marital property.
Wife contends that the trial court's judgment was final and is thus appealable.
Wife contends the trial court failed to consider husband's dissipation of assets.
Wife correctly responds that husband's inability to comply was an affirmative defense.
Wife currently has nothing to complain about.
Wife currently resides on Long Island in the marital home.
Wife determine Blood in any wound in a one.
Wife dies four days later.
Wife dies in car crash.
Wife dies, leaving man with their child.
Wife dislikes the road frontage.
Wife drags self into kitchen, stands up while eating now cold pasta and warm salad.
Wife equals self love.
Wife falls in love with airman.
Wife finally gets suspicious and suspects an affair.
Wife fit either cheese.
Wife flees with child.
Wife florida high school basketball.
Wife fulfills domestic role.
Wife further contends that the district court ignored evidence that supported execution.
Wife goes to pay, kidnapped and a feeling of panic.
Wife has a good business.
Wife has a high school education.
Wife has a regular job in information technology with a major company in the Cincinnati area.
Wife has a severe case of diabetes.
Wife has history of doing volunteer work in community with both elderly and homeless.
Wife has medical premiums deducted pre taxed.
Wife has ministry in music.
Wife has net horses.
Wife has no accidents or citations.
Wife has no memory of the accident and can offer no testimony as to the negligence of any party.
Wife has no where to go and no money to get there.
Wife has one at-fault accident.
Wife has primary physical custody of the children.
Wife hates the tractor wants a hydrostat.
Wife holds Ph.D. in psychology.
Wife ins unknown.
Wife is a cause of sorrow.
Wife is a Spanish sociologist.
Wife is a strange term to apply to a multiple household in the first place.
Wife is addicted to prescription drugs.
Wife is age sixty-nine.
Wife is allergic.
Wife is an artist and teacher - mostly watercolors.
Wife is an expert kindergarten teacher.
Wife is aware of affair and daughter.
Wife is called to testify.
Wife is correct that Vermont custody orders are modifiable.
Wife is currently a middle school counselor.
Wife is dead.
Wife is direct descendent.
Wife is exceptional teacher in private school.
Wife is fine, physically.
Wife is happy husband's head is intact.
Wife is in training for Olympic trials - take solo honeymoon to Portugal.
Wife is keen on antiques, books, and genealogy.
Wife is next.
Wife is oldish.
Wife is overjoyed.
Wife is pregnant again.
Wife is responsible for child care and custody usually in the case of divorce.
Wife is responsible for child care.
Wife is retired banker and excellent cook.
Wife is retired from sales in real estate.
Wife is seated next to a high chair.
Wife is still asleep.
Wife is susposed to come from Prince Island, Canada.
Wife is the named beneficiary of the policy.
Wife is the primary residential parent.
Wife is to be helper.
Wife is too pretty.
Wife is unknown.
Wife isa individual.
Wife isa person.
Wife isa somebody.
Wife isa someone.
Wife isa woman.
Wife kills hubby with overdose of laxatives.
Wife knows everything.
Wife knows fscking everything.
Wife laments about death of young daughter a few years ago.
Wife leaves home, offers self to lover.
Wife leaves man for another woman.
Wife likes to study and music.
Wife lives in Missouri.
Wife looks at damage and almost gets sick.
Wife loves the back pad.
Wife makes a fortune on the internet.
Wife makes all the difference in progress.
Wife makes no claim that there was something legally defective with the original divorce decree.
Wife marry against that relation neither deny florida state seminoles helmet.
Wife meets cute guy and starts a new life.
Wife moves for the additional award of appellate attorney fees.
Wife needs to use the phone.
Wife nods off.
Wife now appeals.
Wife now drives it.
Wife now reports alternating episodes of morning yelling and sedation.
Wife now says to others that it makes the boat very warm and homey feeling. . . . .
Wife owes support to husband for one son.
Wife prepares the meal.
Wife presents twelve points alleging error, most of which have some merit.
Wife promises to come but goes shopping instead.
Wife raises four points on appeal.
Wife refuses to pay cheating hubbies ransom.
Wife refuses to sign any papers.
Wife reluctantly remains in Alabama when husband seeks westward opportunity.
Wife remain out most king finally prove free huge nipples.
Wife returns from corner store, laden with chips.
Wife returns home, finds the bodies.
Wife save at most wellbutrin and antihistamine.
Wife say underneath few nevada smith.
Wife say underneath few super speedway.
Wife says sell.
Wife says, 'No, hon'.
Wife seductively protests the distraction.
Wife seeks attorney fees on appeal.
Wife seeks indefinite post-divorce maintenance.
Wife stays home, cooks, cleans, laundry, and leaves the man alone.
Wife stays upstairs.
Wife still lives in Deport, Texas.
Wife takes issue with the division of the parties' marital property.
Wife takes sick and passes away.
Wife teaches and also runs two holiday cottages.
Wife uses a cane so mobility is a problem.
Wife wants a large set.
Wife wants it out of the dinning room.
Wife wants to be wine and dined.
Wife wants to start making crafts and is getting a bit tense.
Wife withdraws funds to pay expenses.
Wife works, no children.
Wives accompany our party and the atmosphere is generally one of competitive good fellowship.
Wives acquire husbands.
Wives act as partner and social hostess for husbands.
Wives allow beneath some beulah lyric.
Wives also notice that many people have wads of cash in their wallets.
Wives also provide essential emotional support, which helps the patient's attitude and outlook.
Wives answer doors.
Wives are a strange lot.
Wives are afraid to kiss their husbands.
Wives are cross-indexed with maiden names.
Wives are cross-indexed with their maiden names.
Wives are familiar with the common husband excuse for late hours and avoidance of home chores.
Wives are good at that.
Wives are in the hunting department, and husbands are in the purse department.
Wives are like that.
Wives are like tilth for men whom they care for and maintain.
Wives are more likely to declare bankruptcy, sell possessions, etc. than parents of a survivor.
Wives are more understanding of men who participate than the husbands.
Wives are no longer at home to care for elderly relatives.
Wives are no longer slaves.
Wives are now as legally responsible as their husbands for the management of the family.
Wives are often unable to keep up the mortgage payments after their husbands have been taken away.
Wives are on their own busy career track.
Wives are part of the house and family, and ought to be under the husband's government.
Wives are particularly at risk in the first two months after leaving.
Wives are qualified missionaries, and balance ministry with domestic duties.
Wives are slaves to their husbands or masters.
Wives are spouses.
Wives are subject to husbands.
Wives are subject to the authority of their husbands by tradition.
Wives are the most frequent victims of spouse abuse .
Wives are the property of their husbands.
Wives are to be in subjection to their husbands.
Wives are to be permanently subject to their husbands in all things.
Wives are to be submissive to their husbands.
Wives are to learn the Scriptures but to ask questions at home.
Wives are to request a weekly or monthly cash stipend.
Wives are to submit to their husbands, and children are to obey their parents.
Wives are to submit to their husbands.
Wives are very smart and hard and direct.
Wives are welcome also.
Wives are welcome in addition.
Wives are welcome to join.
Wives are wives.
Wives are women.
Wives are young men's mistresses, companions for middle age, and old men's nurses.
Wives are, after all, merely relative.
Wives become parents.
Wives become widows and many cruel men are seen.
Wives bring mementoes of old enduring loves and notes of ongoing lives.
Wives can buy their husbands one as a stocking filler.
Wives can charge husbands with rape.
Wives can have children.
Wives can make extra income too, working from home.
Wives can tolerate it better.
Wives cheat on their husbands all the time.
Wives come and go.
Wives complain about husbands and husbands complain about wives.
Wives customarily busy themselves with daily household chores.
Wives demand distance to avoid the interaction required by a shared life.
Wives demonstrate more detailed and vivid memories of marital disagreements than their husbands.
Wives die of diseases.
Wives do have some magical power over their husbands.
Wives do hikes.
Wives drag in little milk finally pick spider man.
Wives eat food.
Wives engage in activities.
Wives engage in sexual activities.
Wives follow paths.
Wives get bored because students are busy all the time.
Wives get husbands.
Wives give birth and some nurse children.
Wives give up and move on, children grow up and go on, but they are broken, too.
Wives go shopping or sightseeing while the men discuss business.
Wives go to beds.
Wives go to doctors.
Wives hate the hours.
Wives have (part) arms.
Wives have (part) cell membranes.
Wives have (part) cells.
Wives have (part) cytoplasm.
Wives have (part) heads.
Wives have (part) legs.
Wives have (part) necks.
Wives have (part) nuclei.
Wives have (part) personality.
Wives have (part) plasma membranes.
Wives have (part) sections.
Wives have (part) vacuoles.
Wives have (part) woman's bodies.
Wives have a responsibility to follow their husband's counsel and instructions.
Wives have a way of drawing their husbands out.
Wives have a way of intimating that the latter can be accomplished by husbands who just act natural.
Wives have a way of looking deep inside their husbands and seeing a young boy's heart.
Wives have authority.
Wives have best friends.
Wives have busy life.
Wives have children.
Wives have considerable authority.
Wives have conversations.
Wives have education.
Wives have freedom.
Wives have friends.
Wives have higher expectations.
Wives have husbands.
Wives have ideas.
Wives have legal rights.
Wives have life.
Wives have problems.
Wives have rights.
Wives have roles.
Wives have sons.
Wives have such an odd perspective sometimes.
Wives hold hands.
Wives interact with husbands.
Wives issue brief statements.
Wives issue statements.
Wives leave towns.
Wives lie to children.
Wives like to point out how reticent most men are to look at maps or stop and ask for directions.
Wives live in their own private huts, to which the husband rotates.
Wives lose husbands.
Wives lose lbs.
Wives lose weight.
Wives love cats.
Wives love food.
Wives love husbands.
Wives love indian food.
Wives love to take husbands to doctors for any little thing.
Wives make bad noise.
Wives make decisions.
Wives make suggestions.
Wives may have trouble.
Wives never beg for cocks, they usually claim they have a headache free black ass.
Wives notice on few king yet count asolo.
Wives notice things like that.
Wives open eyes.
Wives outlive their husbands by nine lives.
Wives produce babies.
Wives quietly plant rows of cabbage, waiting for their jailed smuggler husbands to return.
Wives raise kids.
Wives release follow statements.
Wives release statements.
Wives remain in countries.
Wives remain in native countries.
Wives remark Screw outside kiss off the etonic golf shoe price but perform without a seven.
Wives ride bicycles.
Wives see doctors.
Wives see faces.
Wives see men.
Wives see pictures.
Wives seek every subterfuge to be far away from home.
Wives seeking to win back their husbands can consult aphrodisiac recipes.
Wives serve their husbands, and children their parents, and always the younger serves the elder.
Wives serve, bothers inherit.
Wives serve, brothers inherit.
Wives share honors and responsibilities of men in prominent statuses.
Wives share primary residences.
Wives share residences.
Wives submit to husbands.
Wives support families.
Wives survive for years.
Wives take care of husbands who drink - most of the time.
Wives take care.
Wives take comfort.
Wives tend to be insecure about being loved.
Wives tend to find being loved affirming.
Wives tend to know what to buy, men are the ones missing the gift gene.
Wives tend to set the emotional tone of the argument.
Wives tend to turn to their own mothers for help after giving birth.
Wives think husbands are wusses.
Wives to perform household tasks.
Wives to perform most household tasks.
Wives to perform tasks.
Wives underestimate the impact they have, both for good and ill.
Wives understand their roles as individuals and responsible help meets to their husbands.
Wives use goods.
Wives wait still today.
Wives want life.
Wives will have children.
Wives working for their husbands or husbands working for their wives are exempt under the law.
Wives wrestle with a renewed quest for individuation as they search for a purpose beyond mothering.
Wife often fulfills dual roles.
Wives often care for their aging and ill spouses.
Wives often help with branding and other types of work.
Wives usually have no problem submitting when they are able to respect and trust their husbands.
All wives are alike.
All wives are the same.
Every wife longs to enjoy a richer, more rewarding marriage.
Every wife needs a gang bang.
Every wife wants to be cherished, treasured and protected.
Many wives are happy to have their husbands home more.
Many wives attend all six sessions.
Many wives become sports fans or hunters and many husbands take up shopping or cooking.
Many wives believe everything in life has to be done their way.
Many wives complain that pornography crowds their marriage with unwanted extra faces.
Many wives consider their husband to be their confidant and best friend.
Many wives find such things quite confusing, and some are positively revolted.
Many wives outlive their husbands.
Most wives acquire husbands.
Most wives answer doors.
Most wives become parents.
Most wives can have children.
Most wives die of diseases.
Most wives eat food.
Most wives engage in activities.
Most wives engage in sexual activities.
Most wives follow paths.
Most wives get husbands.
Most wives go to beds.
Most wives go to doctors.
Most wives have authority.
Most wives have best friends.
Most wives have busy life.
Most wives have children.
Most wives have considerable authority.
Most wives have conversations.
Most wives have education.
Most wives have freedom.
Most wives have friends.
Most wives have husbands.
Most wives have ideas.
Most wives have legal rights.
Most wives have life.
Most wives have problems.
Most wives have rights.
Most wives have roles.
Most wives have sons.
Most wives hold hands.
Most wives interact with husbands.
Most wives issue brief statements.
Most wives leave towns.
Most wives lose lbs.
Most wives lose weight.
Most wives love food.
Most wives love husbands.
Most wives love indian food.
Most wives make decisions.
Most wives make suggestions.
Most wives raise kids.
Most wives release follow statements.
Most wives release statements.
Most wives remain in countries.
Most wives remain in native countries.
Most wives ride bicycles.
Most wives see doctors.
Most wives see faces.
Most wives see men.
Most wives see pictures.
Most wives share primary residences.
Most wives share residences.
Most wives shutter at the thought of hunting season.
Most wives support families.
Most wives survive for years.
Most wives take care.
Most wives take comfort.
Most wives take that for granted.
Most wives use goods.
Some wives adopt sons.
Some wives are arrested for murder.
Some wives are diagnosed with breast cancer.
Some wives are diagnosed with cancer.
Some wives are incredibly involved, others to a more moderate degree.
Some wives believe the charges, and marriages blow apart.
Some wives build homes.
Some wives collect animals.
Some wives confront their husbands.
Some wives deliver baby boys.
Some wives deliver boys.
Some wives devote family life.
Some wives devote life.
Some wives die in hospitals.
Some wives die of cancer.
Some wives die of tuberculosis.
Some wives do abuse their husbands.
Some wives do health.
Some wives do it to protect themselves in shaky marriages.
Some wives eat salmon.
Some wives enjoy gardens.
Some wives enjoy life.
Some wives enjoy meals.
Some wives enjoy wine.
Some wives establish schools.
Some wives even choose to actively join their husbands in the new assignment.
Some wives explore job opportunity.
Some wives explore new job opportunity.
Some wives explore opportunity.
Some wives express shocks.
Some wives feed chickens.
Some wives feed ducks.
Some wives feed pigeons.
Some wives feel shocks.
Some wives find deterioration.
Some wives find freedom.
Some wives find gods.
Some wives find rascals.
Some wives find suppliers.
Some wives get guns.
Some wives get homes.
Some wives get new puppies.
Some wives get puppies.
Some wives grab pistols.
Some wives hate cockroaches.
Some wives have boys.
Some wives have cameras.
Some wives have cancer.
Some wives have colon cancer.
Some wives have diseases.
Some wives have dogs.
Some wives have houses.
Some wives have kinds.
Some wives have moles.
Some wives have such good memories that they can even remember things that never happened.
Some wives have surgery.
Some wives have trees.
Some wives hold meetings.
Some wives join business.
Some wives keep chickens.
Some wives keep images.
Some wives kill albinos.
Some wives leave friends.
Some wives leave husbands.
Some wives live in residences.
Some wives live on farms.
Some wives look at farms.
Some wives lose husbands.
Some wives lose sons.
Some wives love animals.
Some wives make cream.
Some wives make discoveries.
Some wives make grim discoveries.
Some wives make potato ice cream.
Some wives make problems.
Some wives neglect their husbands and homes by engaging in too many spiritual pursuits.
Some wives pass several years.
Some wives pass years.
Some wives plan services.
Some wives possess cats.
Some wives possess dogs.
Some wives possess horses.
Some wives possess pets.
Some wives produce heirs.
Some wives pull triggers.
Some wives raise animals.
Some wives raise arms.
Some wives raise cattle.
Some wives raise chickens.
Some wives raise goats.
Some wives read novels.
Some wives report immediate improvement.
Some wives report improvement.
Some wives return nights.
Some wives ride horses.
Some wives see counselors.
Some wives see markets.
Some wives see muntjacs.
Some wives sell cattle.
Some wives sell furniture.
Some wives shave heads.
Some wives sleep in beds.
Some wives start seedlings.
Some wives suffer from osteoporosises.
Some wives take hikes.
Some wives take life.
Some wives take over roles.
Some wives take own life.
Some wives try to keep hubby enslaved in the prison house of materialism and social standing.
Some wives try to remake their husbands.
Some wives use hose.
Some wives use machines.
Some wives use wash machines.
Some wives watch mates.
Some wives work at farms.
Some wives work at nearby farms.
Some wives work full time, some, part time.
Some wives work in business.
Some wives write letters.
Wifeless boy is like bridleless horse.
A wig is a dress
Wig isa clothes.
Wig isa clothing.
Wigs are another good option.
Wigs are available.
Wigs are covering.
Wigs are expensive, and English judges get a stipend to cover the cost of their wigs and robes.
Wigs are hairpieces.
Wigs are located in operas.
Wigs are part of costumes.
Wigs are really big amongst a certain segment of the black population.
Wigs are short or on ponytails.
Wigs are the rage.
Wigs can be custom styled or buy pre-styled or human hair.
Wigs can be expensive, and there are hundreds of styles.
Wigs can be hot in the summertime, but they do conserve body heat in the colder months .
Wigs come in various sizes, such as average, petite, and ultra petite.
Wigs fall askew.
Wigs fall off, ankles are sprained, and the stage manager sets fire to the prompt script.
Wigs have (part) sections.
Wigs however are only part of our range.
Wigs stay clean longer.
Wigs stay in fashion for men until the end of the next century.
All wigs are available in synthetic fibre, yak hair or human hair.
All wigs are non-returnable once opened.
Most wigs have a stretch type cap which provides flexibility in sizing.
Most wigs have adjustment tabs inside near the ears.
A wigeon is a duck
Wigeons feed on aquatic plants, sometimes coming ashore for shoots of grains and grasses.
Wigeons love to graze, so provide plenty of greens.
Wigeons travel in small flocks, flying fast and irregularly, often with many twists and turns.
Wiggle skirts feature zippers.
A wiggle is movement
Wiggles are a combination of side to side motion and up and down motion.
A wiggler is a segmented worm
Wigglers are great bait for catching fish.
Wigglers feed on organic matter in stagnant water and breathe oxygen from the surface.
Wigglers make a wide range of electromagnetic radiation frequencies .
Wigglers make a wide range of electromagnetic radiation frequencies.
Wigglers often think with their minds and bodies.
A wight is a person
Wight takes control, uses hard punches and nightsticks.
Wights are counties.
Wights can be a pesky and troublesome lot.
Many wights are powerless after cock-crow.
A wigwam is a home
Wigwam socks with purchase of regularly priced shoes.
Wilconon test require interval or ratio data.
Wild abalone tend to stay in one location waiting for food to drift by.
Wild alfalfa is fairly drought resistant, with roots going down ten feet.
Wild allegations lead to unnecessary rumours that erode the credibility of the markets.
Wild alligators have conditions.
Most wild alligators have conditions.
Some wild ancestors occupy areas.
Wild animal means any animal found living in a natural or feral state in The Bahamas.
Wild animals abandon the jungles and forests.
Wild animals abound in the country.
Wild animals abound.
Wild animals adapt and adjust to their own specific niche.
Wild animals approach people looking for handouts.
Wild animals are a focus for deep ecology supporters.
Wild animals are abundant.
Wild animals are all the rest.
Wild animals are also part of the farm ecosystem.
Wild animals are always subject to injury by predators.
Wild animals are an important and vital part of our natural ecosystem.
Wild animals are capable of fending for themselves.
Wild animals are capable of finding plenty of food on their own.
Wild animals are dangerous and can carry disease.
Wild animals are dangerous, especially when they feel threatened.
Wild animals are definite sight to be seen.
Wild animals are difficult to keep alive in captivity.
Wild animals are difficult to raise in captivity, even if found at a very young age.
Wild animals are either dangerous or harmless.
Wild animals are fascinating creatures to observe.
Wild animals are generally active at night and avoid contact with people.
Wild animals are generally much more active.
Wild animals are generally safest when they avoid close human contact.
Wild animals are habitual creatures.
Wild animals are happiest when they are wild and free.
Wild animals are indicative of Tibetan abundant natural heritage.
Wild animals are intelligent enough to recognize that people are the source of their handouts.
Wild animals are just that.
Wild animals are located in forests.
Wild animals are located in meadows.
Wild animals are located in zoos.
Wild animals are most active around dawn and dusk.
Wild animals are naturally fearful of humans.
Wild animals are neither good nor bad.
Wild animals are nothing to fool around with.
Wild animals are plentiful in the forests of Sweden.
Wild animals are the major source of rabies.
Wild animals are the puma and jaguar.
Wild animals are unpredictable and dangerous at all times.
Wild animals are usually capable of finding plenty of food on their own.
Wild animals are very sensitive to odors, loud noises, and bright lights.
Wild animals are visible at almost every turn in the trail.
Wild animals are WILD and unpredictable.
Wild animals ask little of humans beyond some undeveloped places where they can be left alone.
Wild animals belong in the wild.
Wild animals belong in their natural habitat where their needs are met.
Wild animals can also attack pets.
Wild animals can be a potential danger when camping.
Wild animals can be a threat to California's fresh water supply.
Wild animals can be dangerous, please watch and enjoy wildlife at a safe distance.
Wild animals can be difficult to detect because of their instinctive behavior to avoid humans.
Wild animals can be fiercely protective of their young.
Wild animals can be quite sick before showing it.
Wild animals can be unpredictable.
Wild animals can bring the tick from heavily wooded environments into suburban backyards.
Wild animals can carry diseases that can be transmitted to humans and pets.
Wild animals can carry rabies, distemper or other illnesses.
Wild animals can cause many problems.
Wild animals can completely take care of themselves without our help.
Wild animals can have severe disease or be affected subclinically.
Wild animals can never be happy confined to a small cage with no normal social interaction.
Wild animals can no longer reach the water and they leave.
Wild animals can scratch, bite, or transmit disease and parasites.
Wild animals can spread diseases such as lyme disease, rabies, plague, and histoplasmosis.
Wild animals carry cat fleas.
Wild animals carry diseases and parasites.
Wild animals carry fleas.
Wild animals carry many diseases that can be very harmful to people.
Wild animals carry many parasites and diseases that can be harmful to people.
Wild animals contribute extensively to the welfare of people and economies of developing countries.
Wild animals deal with fire remarkably well.
Wild animals depend on the shrinking forests for habitat.
Wild animals die of disease, despite eating a raw, natural diet.
Wild animals do it without help.
Wild animals eat grass.
Wild animals eat lots of moist, green leaves and roots which are very nutritious.
Wild animals eat the fallen leaves and fresh leaves are said to be good fodder for domestic animals.
Wild animals eat various kinds of food.
Wild animals feel pain even if they are a nuisance.
Wild animals found in the area today are mostly rabbits, squirrels, ground hogs, and a few deer.
Wild animals go to their den or cave to escape the hot sun and cold rain .
Wild animals harbor parasites which can be lethal, especially to infants and young children.
Wild animals have a much larger flight zone than most domestic animals that are used to humans.
Wild animals have an instinctive knowledge of what is poisonous.
Wild animals have behaviour.
Wild animals have body length.
Wild animals have bones.
Wild animals have characteristics.
Wild animals have instincts.
Wild animals have length.
Wild animals have no health insurance.
Wild animals have options.
Wild animals have requirements.
Wild animals have special care, and housing needs.
Wild animals have special dietary needs.
Wild animals have specific requirements.
Wild animals have the right of way .
Wild animals have the right of way.
Wild animals have their own inherent value, their own reasons for existing.
Wild animals have to be the best at what they do to survive.
Wild animals hunt for food.
Wild animals including skunks, bats, and racoons can also get rabies and give it to humans.
Wild animals inhabit areas.
Wild animals inhabit regions.
Wild animals invade crops to fulfill needs such as food and protective cover.
Wild animals keep our world alive.
Wild animals know how to get their own food.
Wild animals learn a lack of trust.
Wild animals learn what to be afraid of and what to tolerate by watching their parents.
Wild animals live here, from lizards to black bear.
Wild animals live in and visit places where they can find suitable habitat.
Wild animals live in areas.
Wild animals live in high temperature.
Wild animals live in temperature.
Wild animals live off the meagre resources and have special mechanisms to conserve water.
Wild animals live outdoors.
Wild animals living apart from human interference are commercially non-productive.
Wild animals meet their needs in their natural environment.
Wild animals need care.
Wild animals need special care.
Wild animals obtain food.
Wild animals offer a similarly endless range of ideas and can create a truly predatory ceremony.
Wild animals overeat the vegetation in the area including shrubs and gardens.
Wild animals play roles.
Wild animals require specialized medical care and diets.
Wild animals see no difference between themselves and their niche.
Wild animals seem to face difficult challenges for survival.
Wild animals stalk prey.
Wild animals start to hunt in our cities and towns.
Wild animals stay playful for a very short time after birth.
Wild animals suffer even more.
Wild animals tend to be more dangerous when injured by the mines.
Wild animals transmit diseases.
Wild animals use leaves, twigs and buds of the plant itself for food.
Wild animals use sand to roll in to get rid of parasites.
Wild animals visit the river at night to feed.
Wild animals wander freely and outdoor facilities are everywhere.
All wild animals are dangerous, no matter how tame they look.
All wild animals are potentially dangerous.
All wild animals are risky to handle.
All wild animals are susceptible to parasites and disease.
All wild animals are unpredictable.
All wild animals belong in the wild.
All wild animals can be dangerous.
All wild animals carry diseases.
All wild animals have protection from the fish and game department.
All wild animals have the potential of being dangerous, especially when wounded or cornered.
Any wild animal can be dangerous and the ponies are no exception.
Any wild animal can endanger the public.
Every wild animal is born with well-defined instincts.
Many wild animals can be dangerous to handle.
Many wild animals carry parasites and diseases.
Many wild animals find themselves endangered or threatened by pollution, hunting and more.
Many wild animals live in the forests including tigers, chital, bears, pigs, and deer.
Many wild animals live in the unsettled interior, but some also live near cities.
Many wild animals perish, and thousands of cattle in the valley die.
Many wild animals roam the vast national parks.
Many wild animals survive their injuries but are unable to be released due to permanent damage.
Many wild animals wander around the countryside.
Many wild animals wander in the area.
Most wild animals are less shy of a riding elephant.
Most wild animals are nocturnal, sleeping during the day and active at night.
Most wild animals are normally most active at night.
Most wild animals are particularly afraid of humans.
Most wild animals are too elusive to reveal their secrets.
Most wild animals are under the control of North Carolina Wildlife.
Most wild animals carry cat fleas.
Most wild animals carry fleas.
Most wild animals come out at night and are afraid of people.
Most wild animals eat grass.
Most wild animals harbor a few fleas, and some species are typically infested.
Most wild animals have behaviour.
Most wild animals have body length.
Most wild animals have bones.
Most wild animals have characteristics.
Most wild animals have length.
Most wild animals have options.
Most wild animals have requirements.
Most wild animals have specific requirements.
Most wild animals inhabit areas.
Most wild animals inhabit regions.
Most wild animals know enough to make sure that their underground burrows have an emergency exit.
Most wild animals live in areas.
Most wild animals live in high temperature.
Most wild animals live in temperature.
Most wild animals make very poor pets and are best observed in their native habitat .
Most wild animals obtain food.
Most wild animals play roles.
Most wild animals solve the problem of winter survival in Anchorage by avoidance.
Most wild animals stalk prey.
Most wild animals transmit diseases.
Some wild animals adapt, like Oklahoma farm animals that stay outdoors in winter.
Some wild animals are almost unlovable.
Some wild animals are already extinct while many are on the brink.
Some wild animals are also susceptible.
Some wild animals are easier to glimpse than others.
Some wild animals become problems.
Some wild animals bite people.
Some wild animals can be dangerous to people.
Some wild animals die from starvation.
Some wild animals eat cycads.
Some wild animals eat leaves.
Some wild animals eat snails.
Some wild animals grow horns.
Some wild animals harbor bacteria.
Some wild animals have quills.
Some wild animals infect animals.
Some wild animals infect domestic animals.
Some wild animals inflict injuries.
Some wild animals inflict serious injuries.
Some wild animals invade territory.
Some wild animals leave owners.
Some wild animals lose fear.
Some wild animals prey on armadillos.
Some wild animals provide valuable products for the development of modern drugs.
Some wild animals say in statements.
Some wild animals suffer damage.
Some wild answers appear.
Wild antelopes reach ages.
Most wild antelopes reach ages.
Wild applause reverberates off the walls.
A wild apple is an apple tree
Wild apples are generally quite a bit smaller than cultivated varieties.
Wild areas are certainly the most rare thing on the planet.
Wild areas filter air and water, break down waste, recycle nutrients, and generate soil.
Wild areas offer the spark of creativity necessary for realizations of human potential.
Wild asian buffalo eats grass.
A wild ass is an ass
Wild ass is now an endangered animal.
Wild ass is the nearest kin of modern horses.
Wild asses are also very rare, as are some zebras.
Wild asses are asses.
Wild asses are intelligent creatures, with excellent vision and hearing.
Wild asses can run swiftly, almost as fast as a horse.
Wild asses eat grass.
Wild asses have hoofs.
Wild asses show different social organization depending on the environment.
Most wild asses eat grass.
Some wild asses dig holes.
Some wild asses have arrangements.
Some wild asses have social arrangements.
Some wild asses seek shades.
Wild asters form lavender clumps beside the pathway.
Wild attire is encouraged.
Wild azaleas reach peak bloom in the spring.
Some wild bananas contain seeds.
Wild basilisks are rather flighty lizards.
Wild bats eat flower blossoms, flower nectar and soft fruits, such as bananas.
Wild bears are afraid of humans and human-related smells.
Most wild bears live north of the equator.
Wild beast See on ch.
Wild beasts are creatures of nerves.
Wild beasts go forth in the night, and in darkness commit their depredations.
Wild beasts moving through the province also avoid boulder traps.
Wild beasts moving through the province also avoid snake traps.
Wild beasts roam the field.
Many wild beasts follow the leader who is most powerful.
Wild bees manage to perforate the soft wood and lodge their honey in the holes.
Wild bees pollinate plants.
Wild bees transfer pollen.
Most wild bees pollinate plants.
Most wild bees transfer pollen.
Some wild bees are more efficient pollinators of certain crops.
Some wild bees can pollinate specific crops much better than honeybees do.
Some wild bees live in hollow trees.
Some wild bees live in trees.
Wild begonias peek at passersby from trailside.
Wild berries abound in the Valley.
Wild berries attract much wildlife in the area.
Wild berries can be a good source of food or extremely poisonous.
Wild berries have the finest flavor.
Wild berry picking draws pie lovers.
Some wild berries are toxic to certain species as well.
Wild bird feeds.
Wild birds act as a reservoir for the virus, and spread is by insects.
Wild birds appear to be the principal host of the West Nile virus.
Wild birds appear to be the principal host of the West Nile Virus.
Wild birds are a challenge for outdoor facilities.
Wild birds are big business in Wisconsin as well as the entire United States.
Wild birds are far more intelligent and challenging than their pen raised counterparts.
Wild birds are free of many common poultry diseases such as coccidiosis, cohlera, and blackhead.
Wild birds are here in Georgia year round.
Wild birds are highly susceptible to the virus, which can then be spread to humans by mosquitoes.
Wild birds are mandatory.
Wild birds are mostly yellow-green, with brownish streaking on the back.
Wild birds are much leaner than the domesticated variety.
Wild birds are natural hosts for the virus that can cause encephalitis in humans.
Wild birds are the principal hosts of West Nile virus.
Wild birds are the principal reservoirs of mosquito-borne encephalitis viruses.
Wild birds are the reservoir for the virus, which is transmitted by mosquitoes.
Wild birds are very frightened of humans and are often stressed just by being held in captivity.
Wild birds can also carry strains deadly to poultry.
Wild birds can be carriers.
Wild birds can be source of infection.
Wild birds can carry the virus which is spread through mosquitoes to horses.
Wild birds can consume their weight in food on a daily basis.
Wild birds consume food.
Wild birds consume seeds.
Wild birds eat all of the nyjer seed.
Wild birds eat seeds.
Wild birds fall into three different groups of feeders.
Wild birds find it hard to resist the sound of moving water.
Wild birds flourish in the breeding marsh because their nests are protected by alligators.
Wild birds have green plumage.
Wild birds have green plumages.
Wild birds have plumages.
Wild birds have ranges.
Wild birds live in areas.
Wild birds live their lives at their own pace.
Wild birds make far superior caretakers and role models for their young.
Wild birds need areas.
Wild birds need energy.
Wild birds pollinate plants, distribute seeds and eat enormous numbers of insects.
Wild birds serve as reservoirs for the virus.
Wild birds serve as the reservoir for the virus.
Wild birds spend a great deal of time eating small pieces of gravel to grind food in their crops.
Wild birds take flight in a sudden explosion of motion.
Wild birds take shelter in and eat the seeds of certain plants.
Wild birds welcome water during times of drought.
Many wild birds rely on the seeds for use as a main staple of their diet.
Most wild birds benefit from a moist heat method such braising or using an oven cooking bag.
Most wild birds consume food.
Most wild birds eat seeds.
Most wild birds have green plumages.
Most wild birds have plumages.
Most wild birds have ranges.
Most wild birds live in areas.
Some wild birds have many ways.
Some wild birds have ways.
Some wild birds spend hours preening each other as an important part of social interaction.
Wild blackberries abound in the town providing instant snacks.
Wild blackberries are a traditional fruit crop in the South.
Wild blackberries grow lushly all down the slope, waiting to be eaten in the late summer.
Wild blooms burst into a multitude of colors and forms.
Wild bluebells display flowers.
Wild blueberries are a replacement crop for European bilberries.
Wild blueberries grow thickly under the spruce trees.
Wild blueberries have a stronger taste.
Wild blueberries take two years to bear fruit.
Wild boar meat comes from farms.
A wild boar is swine
Wild boar are a nuisance to farming communities because their rooting damages the soil.
Wild boar are famous for their aggresive temperament.
Wild boar are off-limits.
Wild boar are plentiful in the Big South Fork, where they used to be hunted for sport.
Wild boar are the ancestors of today's domestic pig.
Wild boar has long, rubbery snout that is used for digging of underground roots and bulbs.
Wild boar is a close relative of domestic pig.
Wild boar is a high-quality alternative meat which is delicious, healthy and unique.
Wild boar is another kind of a pig which is also very common.
Wild boar is one of the strongest animals in the world, and there is a reason.
Wild boar produce a red meat that is virtually fat free.
Wild boars are a nuisance to the cultivators of hilly areas.
Wild boars are capable of reproducing at any time during the year.
Wild boars are exciting to hunters because they are smart, secretive and just plain vicious.
Wild boars are great eating and taste similar to domestic hogs but are somewhat leaner.
Wild boars are hunted to extinction in Britain.
Wild boars are in large number in the forest areas.
Wild boars are known to injure and in some cases fatally wound the locals.
Wild boars are mammals.
Wild boars are medium-sized animals.
Wild boars are omnivores, eating both plants and animals.
Wild boars are omnivorous and easily adapt to changes .
Wild boars are omnivorous and easily adapt to changes.
Wild boars are omnivorous.
Wild boars are polygynous, meaning males mate with several females.
Wild boars are swine.
Wild boars are threatened by habitat loss and by commercial hunt.
Wild boars attack and eat humans.
Wild boars can be destructive.
Wild boars can breed at any time of the year.
Wild boars damage farmland.
Wild boars eat grass.
Wild boars get into gardens and eat all the corn and potatoes.
Wild boars have big heads.
Wild boars have fur.
Wild boars have heads.
Wild boars have legs.
Wild boars have litter size.
Wild boars have size.
Wild boars inhabit areas.
Wild boars inhabit deserts.
Wild boars inhabit same areas.
Wild boars live for about ten years, but can reaches ages of up to thirty years.
Wild boars live in groups called sounders.
Wild boars produce a very large number of offspring compared to other ungulates.
Wild boars produce sound.
Wild boars rest in tight groups with bodily contact.
Wild boars wallow in mud.
Wild boars wander in from North Carolina now and then.
Wild boars weigh kgs.
Most wild boars are omnivores in their natural habitat.
Most wild boars eat grass.
Most wild boars have big heads.
Most wild boars have fur.
Most wild boars have heads.
Most wild boars have legs.
Most wild boars have litter size.
Most wild boars have size.
Most wild boars inhabit areas.
Most wild boars inhabit same areas.
Most wild boars produce sound.
Most wild boars weigh kgs.
Some wild boars carry parasites.
Some wild boars create conditions.
Some wild boars create ideal conditions.
Some wild boars eat crops.
Some wild boars eat reptiles.
Some wild boars eat roots.
Some wild boars eat small reptiles.
Some wild boars have capacity.
Some wild boars have diseases.
Some wild boars have distribution.
Some wild boars have enemies.
Some wild boars have sharp tusks.
Some wild boars have tusks.
Some wild boars kill men.
Some wild boars kill tigers.
Some wild boars prey on calves.
Some wild boars show up for the show.
Wild brambles serve as a breeding ground for anthracnose and many other diseases.
Wild brambles serve as a reservoir for the diseases.
Wild buckwheat has small inconspicuous green flowers and produces black pyramid -shaped seed.
Wild buckwheat is a bush
Wild buckwheat wraps around wheat plants and creates harvest problems.
Wild budgies are found in the primary green color with black stripes and a yellow head.
Wild budgies are nomadic, and movements are dependent on food and water supplies.
Wild budgies live in flocks that can vary from a few birds to huge, noisy flocks.
Wild buffalo eats grass.
Wild buffalo hold a special place in the American public's hearts and heritage.
Wild buffalo hold a special place inside the American public's hearts and heritage.
Most wild buffalo eats grass.
Wild bunnies have the same basic needs and medical problems that domestic rabbits do.
Every wild burro is different.
Wild camels live for years.
Most wild camels live for years.
Wild camphor is splendid for colds, as the old Korea doctor knows.
Wild camping is lightweight and transitory.
Wild camping is probably best particularly if backpacking through the area.
Wild canids live and hunt in packs with a clearly defined hierarchy.
Wild canines form packs specifically for the purpose of hunting large prey.
Wild canines live in packs and hunt as groups.
ALL wild capsicums are pungent.
Wild cars are cars that basically rove around each district.
A wild card is a factor
Wild card searching for variables that contain date information is online and quick.
Wild cards are also usable for hour, minute, or second, as well as a later or earlier specification.
Wild cards are factors.
Wild cards are ideas and events well off the current trend lines in the business environment.
Wild cards are permissable.
Wild cards are playing cards.
Wild cards are unknown at present.
Wild cards can be at the end or imbedded.
Wild cards can be useful when processing a number of specific files.
Wild cards can freeze the pile to thwart opponents.
Wild cards increase the number of ways in which each type of hand can occur.
Wild cards keep the mystery intact.
Wild cards work even within phrases.
Some wild cards are very weak too.
Wild carnivores play an important part in maintaining the disease.
A wild carrot is a wild flower
Wild carrot has a slender woody taproot.
Wild carrot is a common biennial weed in asparagus.
Wild carrot is the most common biennial broadleaf weed found in turfgrass areas.
Wild carrots are wildflowers.
Wild carrots grow naturally in Eurasia .
Wild carrots grow naturally in Eurasia.
Wild carrots have smell.
Wild carrots have strong smell.
Most wild carrots have strong smell.
Wild cassowaries feed on fallen fruits, fungus, snails, dead birds and rats.
Wild cats are a concern in some areas.
Wild cats are able to climb high into the trees.
Wild cats are more of a headache for the researchers.
Wild cats are useful, as are predatory birds.
Wild cats expend considerable energy.
Wild cats expend energy.
Wild cats have a very similar social structure to that of wolves.
Wild cats hold their tail horizontally, or tucked between their legs while walking.
Wild cats hold their tails horizontally or tucked between their legs.
Wild cats kill rodents.
Wild cats live in areas.
Wild cats live in same areas.
Wild cats occur on every continent except Antarctica and Australia.
Wild cats prey upon fledgling birds and rabbits and squirrels.
Wild cats take on the greedy developers.
All wild cats are termed as good hunters.
All wild cats hold their tails horizontally or tucked between their legs while walking.
Many wild cats are crepuscular.
Many wild cats are scavengers themselves as well as the target for scavengers of other species.
Many wild cats join the starclan, which means they have all passed on.
Most wild cats are solitary, living alone most of the time.
Most wild cats expend considerable energy.
Most wild cats expend energy.
Most wild cats kill rodents.
Most wild cats live in areas.
Most wild cats live in same areas.
Some wild cats live in habitats.
Wild catfish are bottom feeders.
Wild cattle live in grassland.
Wild cattle live in regions.
Wild cattle occur in areas.
Most wild cattle are active throughout the day and into the evening.
Most wild cattle live in grassland.
Most wild cattle live in regions.
Most wild cattle occur in areas.
All wild caves have some inherent dangers.
A wild cavy is a cavy
Wild cavies are greyish or brownish with rather coarse hair.
Wild cavies live in family groups in the mountains and grasslands of South America.
Wild celery is a hydrophytic plant
Wild celery is yet another plant species utilized by waterfowl.
Wild celery produces male and female flowers.
Some wild celery grows in fresh water.
Some wild celery grows in water.
Wild cereal is harvested dunng times of famine.
Wild cereals shatter more easily than cultivated cereals when ripe.
Wild cheetahs run down gazelles, impalas, small mammals and birds.
Most wild cheetahs are found in eastern and southwestern Africa.
A wild cherry is a fruit tree
Wild cherries are cherries.
Wild cherries are fruit.
Wild cherries are in full bloom here.
Wild cherries are part of wild cherries.
Wild cherry has no thorns.
Wild cherry is among the most common causes of farm animal poisoning.
Wild cherry is employed as a stimualting expectorant, simple bitter and as a flavouring agent.
Wild chestnuts are abundant in the region, and the nuts are a staple food for winter.
Wild chickens are omnivores, gobbling insects, seeds, lizards and young mice.
Wild chickens form structural communities with different hierarchical levels.
Wild chickens roam the neighborhood.
Wild chicory grows in the eastern part of the United States, where it is considered a weed.
All wild chiles have small fruits that birds, the natural dispersal agent for chile, eat with ease.
All wild chilies contain varying amounts of the chemical capsaicin and related compounds.
Wild chimps spend about seven hours a day looking for food, either up in the trees or on the ground.
Wild chimps use sophisticated cooperation in hunting.
Wild chimpanzees are diurnal primates, meaning they are primarily active in the daytime.
Wild chimpanzees eat meat.
Wild chimpanzees make and use a variety of tools for gathering and preparing food.
Wild chimpanzees show interest.
Most wild chimpanzees eat meat.
Most wild chimpanzees show interest.
Some wild chimpanzees infect with internal parasites.
Some wild chimpanzees infect with parasites.
Some wild chinchillas survive on desert grass.
Some wild chinchillas survive on grass.
Wild City is an occasional feature about nature in and around Alaska's largest city.
Wild clover send runners through the soil.
Wild cockatiels are a common sight in central Australia.
Wild cockatiels are always on alert for predators and are light sleepers.
Wild cockatiels fly to the ground to forage for food.
Wild cockatiels live in Australia, where they live in large flocks.
Some wild cockatoos eat berries.
Wild cocoons suffer a high parasitization rate.
Wild coffee is a herb
Wild coffee is versatile when it comes to the amount of sun exposure required.
Wild coho are, of course, threatened.
Wild colors abound in foods and can stun the unsuspecting cook.
Wild columbine begins growth early in spring.
Wild cottontail rabbits have years.
Wild cottontails have a life expectancy of less than two years.
Some wild cottontails have expectancy.
Some wild cottontails have life expectancy.
Wild country breeds hardy people.
Some wild cows reproduce at ages.
Wild coyotes run in packs and adapt well to living near humans.
A wild cranberry is a bearberry
Wild cranberries have a better flavour than cultivated ones.
Wild cranes learn migration behavior, routes, and wintering areas from their parents.
Wild creatures appear.
Wild creatures find a more hospitable place to live in pastures.
Wild creatures lose their healthy fear of humans.
Wild creatures populate the land in healthy numbers.
Wild creatures require a safe place within which they can find food, water and shelter.
All wild creatures hear thy cry upon the haunted wind.
ALL wild creatures suffer when captured by a cat.
Many wild creatures travel unerringly through the dark.
Some wild creatures are rare, beautiful and found only in the most remote wilderness.
Wild creepers burst through laterite banks and spill across flooded roads.
Wild creepers burst through laterite banks and spill across the flooded roads.
Wild cucumber looks similar to a related vine, bur cucumber .
Some wild cucumbers keep seeds.
Most wild cucurbits are bitter and poisonous.
Wild current grows in back country canyons.
Wild currents sweep into suckholes and curlbacks, and hands still grip forgotten mugs.
Wild daffodils are smaller than their cultivated relatives and can have the most amazing fragrance.
Wild daffodils grow from bulbs.
Most wild daffodils grow from bulbs.
Wild dandelions have edible leaves and edible roots, and are also cold-tolerant.
Wild dandelions have edible leaves.
Wild dandelions have leaves.
Most wild dandelions have edible leaves.
Wild deer abound all over Fire Island.
Wild deer inhabit regions.
Wild desert tortoises share habitats.
Wild diet consists of fruit, leaves, nuts, grain, roots and wild honey.
Wild differences require investigation.
Wild dingoes can live for up to ten years but usually live for more like five or six years.
Wild dingos live for years.
Most wild dingos live for years.
A wild dog is a canid
Wild dog gets new collar.
Wild dog is a generic term referring to a genus which includes the dingo.
Wild dogs act a lot like pet dogs.
Wild dogs are also a major threat.
Wild dogs are canines.
Wild dogs are endangered, they usually hunt in packs.
Wild dogs are highly social, occurring in packs of up to twenty animals.
Wild dogs are located in zoos.
Wild dogs are one of only three mammals in South Africa that are endangered.
Wild dogs are relatively easy to research once sighted because of their distinctive coat patterns.
Wild dogs are social animals.
Wild dogs are specialized pack hunters.
Wild dogs are the main predators of adult goats and appear to affect feral goat distribution.
Wild dogs are the wombat's primary predator.
Wild dogs are useful as cullers of the old, sick, or injured of other species.
Wild dogs are vulnerable to the diseases of domestic dogs from nearby human communities.
Wild dogs avoid predation.
Wild dogs behave the same way.
Wild dogs can afford to change their targets during the chase.
Wild dogs cause death.
Wild dogs choose to live in packs.
Wild dogs concentrate on 'easy' prey, mainly the young, sick and old.
Wild dogs consume meat.
Wild dogs do appear at times especially at the summit.
Wild dogs eat very little muscle meat.
Wild dogs fall victim to snaring, shooting, and speeding vehicles on roadways.
Wild dogs greet one another through vocalizations, body posture, and licking.
Wild dogs have bellies.
Wild dogs have enemies.
Wild dogs have four digits on each foot.
Wild dogs have many enemies.
Wild dogs have strong jaws with sharp teeth, including long canine teeth which tear flesh.
Wild dogs have white bellies.
Wild dogs kill a great many game animals, as also wikl pig.
Wild dogs kill only for food.
Wild dogs live in environments.
Wild dogs live in packs.
Wild dogs live in rainforest environments.
Wild dogs live mostly in arid zones and in the savanna.
Wild dogs lose their hair.
Wild dogs prefer areas.
Wild dogs resemble jackals.
Wild dogs roam the ancient city, snapping and snarling at tourists.
Wild dogs take roles.
Wild dogs watch the soldiers go about their business.
Most wild dogs avoid predation.
Most wild dogs cause death.
Most wild dogs have bellies.
Most wild dogs have enemies.
Most wild dogs have many enemies.
Most wild dogs have white bellies.
Most wild dogs live in environments.
Most wild dogs live in packs.
Most wild dogs live in rainforest environments.
Most wild dogs resemble jackals.
Most wild dogs take roles.
Some wild dogs eat deer.
Some wild dogs eat fruit.
Some wild dogs eat livestock.
Some wild dogs eat small livestock.
Some wild dogs have members.
Some wild dogs move at nights.
Some wild dogs prefer prey.
Some wild dogs suffer contraction.
Some wild dogs suffer range contraction.
Wild dogwoods tend to form a single layer crown that effectively captures the filtered sunlight.
Wild dolphins are opportunistic feeders.
Wild dolphins are quite different from tame dolphins.
Wild doves have an extraordinarily high mortality rate.
Wild dreams are of chaos and imagination.
A wild duck is a duck
Wild duck has a superb flavour, far superior to farm duck.
Wild ducks are ducks.
Wild ducks are sensible creatures.
Wild ducks are the reservoir for only a limited number of influenza A-subtypes.
Wild ducks fly over a papyrus thicket in the Nile marshlands.
Wild ducks includes a description and navigational aid .
Wild eagles live twenty to twenty-five years in Mongolia, thirty to forty years in captivity.
Wild echidnas lick up ants and termites with their long, sticky tongues.
Wild edibles provide optimal nutrition and the ultimate in fresh, vital food.
Wild elephants are numerous on the lower slopes of the Assam range and in the Brahmaputra valley.
Wild elephants are quite rare in Maine, at least in the late summer.
Wild elephants spend most of their time either looking for food or eating it once they find it.
Wild executives know full well they got stuck in an undesirable division.
Wild felines are their main natural predators.
Wild females mature three to four years later.
Wild festivals abound.
Wild figures distract attention from the true nature of the problem.
Wild fire represents one of the most destructive forms of disturbance in southern California.
Wild fires are a major cause of germplasm loss.
Wild fires are an example.
Wild fires are an extreme threat to slow moving tortoises.
Wild fires are now a constant threat.
Wild fires can start easily and spread quickly.
Wild fires rage in California.
Wild fires resulting from warmer weather are also a threat, especially during drought.
Wild Fires Use caution and exercise good judgment when re-entering a burned wildland area.
Wild fish appear to have a behavioral advantage.
Wild fish are popular with anglers, while the koi carp are much-prized ornamental fish.
Wild fish can also carry diseases.
Wild fish enter the paddy during flooding and are captured at the end of the rice growing season.
Wild fish exhibit strong colours only when agitated.
Wild fish have an intact adipose fin.
Wild fish migrate freely.
Most wild fish remain in serious trouble.
Wild fisheries remain off limits in most places.
Wild flora decorates the banks and moors, delighting the senses.
A wild flower is a plant
A wild flower is a seed plant
Wild flowers abound along the shore line.
Wild flowers abound on the cliffs and roadsides.
Wild flowers abound.
Wild flowers appear, castles and gardens open.
Wild flowers are abundant and picked commercially, and exported to Japan, Europe and North America.
Wild flowers are abundant as well as is other flora.
Wild flowers are abundant but there are no snakes, toads, frogs or mice.
Wild flowers are abundant in the Finger Lakes region.
Wild flowers are abundant until mid-summer.
Wild flowers are characteristic of the Appalachian Mountain Region.
Wild flowers are in abundance and the river banks are teeming with wildlife.
Wild flowers are in bloom and the desert breezes are balmy.
Wild flowers are located in countrysides.
Wild flowers are located in fields.
Wild flowers are plentiful and it is a pleasure to amble out for a picnic.
Wild flowers are still in bloom.
Wild flowers are wonderful in the wild or as part of a home flower garden.
Wild flowers bloom in seasons.
Wild flowers bloom in wet seasons.
Wild flowers change with the seasons.
Wild flowers enhance the hillsides and roadways.
Wild flowers fade fast, but blooming idiots last forever.
Wild flowers fill the fields and grace the roadside.
Wild flowers flourish in the mild climate and there are famous seal and sea bird colonies.
Wild flowers grow abundantly and photographers find their dreams can come true.
Wild flowers grow along dank walls.
Wild flowers grow in profusion.
Wild flowers Hay fever sufferers are welcome.
Wild flowers offer all-round pleasure.
Wild flowers poke out from the barren cinders.
Wild flowers signify an exciting adventure.
Wild flowers spring up wherever roots can establish a foothold.
Many wild flowers bloom all summer.
Most wild flowers bloom in seasons.
Most wild flowers bloom in wet seasons.
Some wild flowers have instinct.
Wild food is the only food that is complete.
Wild foods are delicious.
Wild foods are plentiful, game is hunted, and the rivers are fished.
Wild foods form an integral part of all programs.
Wild foodstuffs provide condiments and side dishes.
Wild footage is also available.
Wild football runs rampant out West.
Wild forests are the last of our natural forest heritage and a legacy for our children.
Wild form are all two row.
Wild form is considered alexiteric, emmenagogue and tonic.
Some wild forms seem to have larger flowers than the norm and deserve special attention.
Wild fowl have a hard enough time surviving against the trials of nature.
Wild fowl is also a specialty of many restaurants in Ireland.
Wild foxes are important reservoir hosts in Europe and to a certain extent in North America as well.
Wild foxes can go for long periods without water, but captive foxes drink regularly.
Wild fruit contains fructose.
Wild fruits are abundant.
Wild fruits eaten by rural people include monkey oranges, amatungulu and wild plum.
Most wild fruit contains fructose.
Some wild fruit has levels.
Some wild fruit is eaten by monkeys.
Wild game deserves the respect to be harvested in the most clean and humane way.
Wild game has a distinct flavor and texture.
Wild game has less fat than domestic meat, and zero preservatives.
Wild game is a fine source of protein without chemical additives or excessive fat.
Wild game is a possible ingredient of burgoo.
Wild game is abundant.
Wild game is also a likely possibility moose and caribou are quite tasty.
Wild game is also highly desirable.
Wild game is also plentiful in Poland.
Wild game is hard to find in restaurants, even in the Midwest.
Wild game is much healthier to eat and it is much leaner than farm-raised animals.
Wild game is perhaps the best meat one can eat.
Wild game is readily available in season.
Wild game is trapped, and there is fishing along the coast and the rivers.
Wild game means free ranging native animals existing in the wild state.
Wild game skins, trophies, safaris, tourism, clothing and accessories, home decor.
Wild games are animals.
Wild games are unusual chess variants.
Some wild games help quality.
A wild garlic is a bulbous plant
Wild garlic imparts a garlic-like flavor and odor on dairy and beef products when grazed.
Wild geckos eat bugs at night.
A wild geranium is a geranium
Wild geranium grows best in light shade in soil that never completely dries out.
Wild geranium is a common plant of woodlands that occurs in all counties of Illinois.
Wild geranium is a major food item for elk and white-tailed deer.
Wild geranium is moderately shade tolerant.
Wild geranium is self-compatible but depends on pollinators for seed set.
Wild gerbils eat primarily roots and seeds.
Some wild gerbils construct burrows.
A wild ginger is a herb
Wild ginger grows in abundance.
Wild ginger has some interesting ethnobotanical uses as well.
Wild ginger is known to have antibiotic properties.
Wild ginger likes limestone and the shade of cedar trees.
Wild ginger makes an excellent addition to a shade garden.
Wild ginger prefers moist soils that contain large amounts of organic matter.
Wild ginger threatens to smother our native forests.
Wild gingers are herbs.
Wild gingers have rhizomes.
Most wild gingers have rhizomes.
Some wild gingers produce rhizomes.
Some wild gingers produce shallow rhizomes.
Wild ginseng can be either Asian or American, and can be processed to be red ginseng.
Wild ginseng commands the highest price in Asian markets.
Wild ginseng grows naturally and is harvested from wherever it is found.
Wild ginseng is by far the most sought after and the most expensive type of ginseng.
Wild ginseng is the tiger of the plant world.
Wild ginseng is threatened from over-harvesting.
Wild ginseng looks, tastes, and smells different from cultivated and sprayed ginseng.
A wild goat is a goat
Wild goats are also available in many countries around the world.
Wild goats are animals of mountain habitats.
Wild goats are mountain-dwelling creatures and comparatively tendinous than the domestic goats.
Wild goats eat vegetation.
Wild goats have backs.
Wild goats have habits.
Wild goats have senses.
Wild goats life in mountains.
Wild goats live in regions.
Wild goats live on Fair Head.
Wild goats live throughout the eastern Europe and in southwestern and central parts of Asia.
Most wild goats eat vegetation.
Most wild goats have backs.
Most wild goats have habits.
Most wild goats have senses.
Most wild goats live in regions.
Some wild goats become problems.
Some wild goats pose problems.
Wild goldfish are called prussian carp and are silver-green in colour .
Wild goldfish are called prussian carp and are silver-green in colour.
Wild goldfishes are general rather drab in color.
Wild goose is naturally very dark, nearly indistinguishable from roast beef after it is sliced.
Wild gooseberries grow in areas.
Most wild gooseberries grow in areas.
Wild grains appear, grains which develop bleached gold ears as they ripen.
Wild grains are much smaller than our hybridized domestic varieties.
Wild grapes are at full bloom.
Wild grapes are just as good as cultivated for jellies, preserves and pies.
Wild grapes are very tart and contain a lot of pectin.
Wild grapes climb by means of forked tendrils that are opposite the leaves.
Wild grapes make excellent jelly to serve with game.
Wild grapes make the best jelly.
Wild grapevines are so common in Indiana that there are almost always some fungal spores around.
Wild grass is the biggest type of plant life that grows in the savanna biome.
Wild grasses are their burial-sheet, And sobbing waves their threnody.
Wild grasses can be startlingly pretty when viewed close up and some of their names are intriguing.
Wild grasses take off and cover the large area of land.
Wild greens can be tangy, and if the leaves get too big, they become too fibrous to eat easily.
Wild greens remain an important late winter food in the Mediterranean region.
Wild growth has a secondary function when a player reaches their mana crystal maximum.
Some wild guanacos become llamas.
Wild guesses are less appreciated.
Wild guesses are numerous.
Wild guesses serve no purpose other than to inflame people's emotions.
Wild guppies are nothing to jump up and down about.
Wild guppies have little or no resemblance to their fancy captive-bred counterparts.
Wild hamsters live in the desert, but people all over the world keep domesticated hamsters as pets.
Wild harvest removes most or all of the plant s root.
Wild harvesting is too unpredictable, which promotes unpredictability along the entire supply chain.
Wild hay is excluded from cropland and included in pasture and range.
Wild hedgehogs have lifespans.
Most wild hedgehogs have lifespans.
Wild hemp is, however, of very little use as a fibre producer, although a drug is obtained from it.
Wild herbivores can have impact.
Wild herbivores can have major impact.
Wild herbivores make up prey.
Most wild herbivores can have impact.
Most wild herbivores can have major impact.
Most wild herbivores make up prey.
Some wild herbivores eat meat.
Wild herds seek out ponds and rivers for bathing.
Wild history is often a popular art, offering similar satisfactions.
Wild hives exist throughout the forest areas, in caves and burrows and in walls of sheds and houses.
Wild hogs are abundant in the area.
Wild hogs are omnivorous, opportunistic feeders.
Wild hogs are strong and fierce and live in forests and jungles in many parts of the world.
Wild hogs carry many deseases that can be transmitted to cattle and humans.
Wild hogs cause damage.
Wild hogs come in rampaging bands of black, reddish brown, white and spotted black and white.
Wild hogs come into contact.
Wild hogs consume plants.
Wild hogs forage in fields.
Wild hogs have senses.
Wild hogs occur in a variety of colors.
Wild hogs use grunts.
Wild hogs vary in size, shape, color, and even attitude . . .
All wild hogs have an excellent sense of smell and good hearing, but relatively poor vision.
Most wild hogs come into contact.
Most wild hogs have senses.
Some wild hogs feed on seeds.
Some wild hogs feed on tree seeds.
Some wild hogs prey on fawns.
A wild hollyhock is a mallow
Wild hollyhock is a perennial forb with one to several stems arising from a woody caudex.
Wild honeybees are in peril.
A wild horse is a horse
Wild horses are able to process dry and course grasses and other vegetation.
Wild horses are afraid of people.
Wild horses are constantly on the move.
Wild horses are horses.
Wild horses are incredibly adaptable.
Wild horses are mammals.
Wild horses are of no particular breed.
Wild horses are part of the Nevada landscape.
Wild horses are restive.
Wild horses are strong and sure-footed, and can be loyal riding companions.
Wild horses are strong and sure-footed.
Wild horses can find food by sight and smell.
Wild horses can survive in nature.
Wild horses cause a desire to runs.
Wild horses come to environments.
Wild horses eat diets.
Wild horses eat grass and other plants.
Wild horses eat grass or roughage and drink water from seeps, springs, streams, or lakes.
Wild horses gallop between East and West.
Wild horses groom themselves by rolling and taking dust baths.
Wild horses have very hard feet.
Wild horses lead a semi-nomadic lifestyle in the vast semiarid reaches of the West.
Wild horses roam amongst fresh water streams, lotus ponds, fruit trees and sandy beaches.
Wild horses roam areas.
Wild horses roam grassland areas.
Wild horses roam the area, further adding to the ambiance.
Wild horses roam the beach grazing on the salt grasses.
Wild horses roam the tablelands and herds of cows and goats graze around and on the small airstrip.
Wild horses run daily with no shoes on and have no problems.
Wild horses run free.
Wild horses run here and buffalo roam.
Wild horses run on their A. knees.
Wild horses run unbridled Or their spirit dies.
Wild horses stay together for protection.
Wild horses suffer starvation and a very hard life.
Wild horses travel in herds.
Wild horses use smell to keep track of their neighbors.
All wild horses are herd animals living off the land in harems dominated by the strongest stallions.
Many wild horses groom each other.
Many wild horses retain the look of their Spanish ancestors.
Most wild horses are more genetically diverse than any domestic horse breeds.
Most wild horses are solid in color.
Most wild horses come to environments.
Most wild horses eat diets.
Most wild horses live on public lands in the western United States.
Some wild horses exist in areas.
Some wild horses kick men.
Some wild horses live in habitats.
Wild ideas are better at stimulating new thought patterns.
Wild ideas are great because they beget wilder ideas.
Wild ideas are welcome.
Wild ideas can lead to practical solutions.
Wild ideas is a lecture and discussion series that investigates unusual claims and propositions.
Wild ideas open up new avenues of thinking in a way that nothing else can.
Wild imports are reported to be less easy to breed.
Wild individuals feed mainly on insects, insect larvae, crustaceans, and some plant material.
Wild insects are dependent on prairies for cover, food, and mating habitats.
Wild instinct warns the ducks each fall To move before the icy squall.
Wild instincts are possible to modify but never can be over-ridden.
Wild instincts remain intact even with tamed and captive raised animals.
Wild irises add a dash of color to the grassy hills.
Wild ivory is denser, far more beautiful and more expensive, too.
Wild jungle fowl roosts in trees.
Wild killer whales travel up to kilometres.
Wild kittens eat the same type of food as adults do.
Wild lagomorphs are popular with hunters for sport as well as for food and fur.
Wild land mammals include squirrels.
Wild landscapes have an inherent degree of connectivity to which species have adapted over time.
Wild lantanas are hairy and often prickly-stemmed.
Wild lavender permeates every corner of Croatia in summer.
A wild leek is a bulbous plant
Wild leek has broadly lance-shaped leaves that wither away before the flowers bloom.
Wild leeks are a very hearty species though, and they still thrive all over Vermont.
Wild leeks grow in the eastern regions of North America.
Wild leeks have medicinal properties similar to wild onion.
Wild leeks have smell.
Wild leeks provide excellent tasting leaves in early spring.
Some wild leeks grow in rich wood.
Some wild leeks grow in wood.
Wild lettuce is a plant.
Wild lettuce is common around the globe.
Wild lettuce seems safe for most people in small amounts.
Some wild lettuce causes irritation.
A wild licorice is a herb
Wild licorice is native to temperate regions of western North America.
Wild licorice is perennial from long, tough taproots and interconnected rootcrowns.
Wild licorice is probably top-killed by fire.
Wild licorices are herbs.
Wild life specialists work in countries.
Wild life abounds and the natives are amazingly friendly.
Wild life includes kudu, mountain zebra and ostrich.
Wild life intrigues the nature lover, camera enthusiast and bird watcher.
Wild life is aboundant.
Wild life is abundant here.
Wild life is abundant on the ranch.
Wild life is abundant.
Wild life is always abundant around headquarters during the winter months.
Wild life is everywhere.
Wild life is in abundance including nesting jaco parrots.
Wild life is Kenya's main tourist attraction and beautiful land scapes.
Wild life is likely to be busiest about the lower pine borders.
Wild life is plentiful and easily observable.
Wild life is varied and abundant.
Wild life lakes.
Wild life presents many a spectacle.
Wild lions are categorized as endangered animals and their population is declining with time.
Wild lion's out, to give an answer to the problem.
Wild lions use it to communicate with other prides in their natural environment.
Wild living is nothing new.
Wild lories sleep in the nests year round.
A wild lupine is a bush
Wild lupine are typically more abundant in open areas than in shade.
Wild lupine does best in sandy soils, in areas that are occasionally razed by wildfires.
Wild lupine grows best in sandy soils, in areas that are occasionally cleared by wildfires.
Wild lupine grows in open sandy areas that can contain some trees.
Wild lupines are common only in the prairie and lake counties of Indiana.
Some wild macaques live in moroccos.
Wild macaws have a low reproductive rate, because it takes some time to care for the babies.
Wild mages are able to harness so-called wild magic.
Wild mages lose two levels, and no surge is possible.
Wild magic fails.
Wild males tend to defend larger territories while females concentrate on their nests.
Wild mammals include squirrels.
Some wild mammals are eaten by raccoons.
A wild man is a person
Wild man wants to have quick and good time with another man.
A wild mango is a fruit tree
Wild mangoes have an aftertaste reminiscent of turpentine.
Wild mangos are potentially valuable in breeding programs.
Wild marijuana can lead youths to get addicted to other drugs.
A wild marjoram is a herb
Wild marjoram has a stronger flavor that it's Italian cousin oregano.
Wild marmosets are omnivorous.
Wild marten are fond of sweets such as jam.
Wild martens are fond of sweets such as jam.
Wild material is scarce and valuable although they grow almost through the year.
Wild meat comes from farms.
Wild meat is typically low in fat.
Most wild meat comes from farms.
Wild milkweed grows along roadsides and in fields in the eastern U.S. as far south as Georgia.
Wild mink are territorial.
Some wild minks survive years.
Wild monkeys eat a varied diet that consists of roots, insects, fruits and herbs.
Wild monkeys eat diets.
Wild monkeys eat food.
Wild monkeys eat vary diets.
Wild monkeys have low hyperopia or emmetropia and no myopia.
Most wild monkeys eat diets.
Most wild monkeys eat food.
Most wild monkeys eat vary diets.
Wild mountain goats have backs.
Wild mice are nocturnal, but domestic mice can have periods of activity both day and night.
Wild mice enter dwellings in late summer or fall, spend the winter, and leave in the spring.
Wild mice live up to years.
Most wild mice are timid toward humans and other animals, but they are very social with other mice.
Most wild mice live up to years.
Wild muntjacs are spotted active during the day as well as during the night.
Wild muscadines are an important wildlife food and often climb to the tree tops.
Wild mushrooms abound, as does a budding industry in cultivated exotic mushrooms.
Wild mushrooms are a good choice in any form.
Wild mushrooms are abundant in Northern California after a warm spring rain.
Wild mushrooms are in season in either the fall or spring, depending on the species.
Wild mushrooms are major products of our forests.
Wild mushrooms are often available in produce departments.
Wild mushrooms are often dangerous, since most varieties can be fatal if eaten.
Wild mushrooms are particularly notorious.
Wild mushrooms are terrific, exotic varieties are great, simple buttons are fine.
Wild mushrooms can be lethal.
Wild mushrooms flourish in a forest in Belarus.
Many wild mushrooms can cause severe and often times delayed reaction.
Some wild mushrooms can be psychoactive.
Wild mustard can represent a serious weed problem in canola and spring cereals.
Wild mustard has flowers.
Wild mustard has strong, downward-pointing hairs and is a much hairier plant than canola.
Wild mustard is a serious weed of cultivated land.
Wild mustard is also an important host.
Wild mustard is an annual plant that exhibits erect growth.
Wild mustard is beneficial to grapevines and fruit trees.
Wild mustard is delicious, full of nutrients.
Wild mustard is mustard
Wild mustard loves the cool springs of northern North Dakota.
Most wild mustard has flowers.
Wild name is recognized nationally and internationally as a leader in family water fun.
Wild notes scatter about the room.
Wild oat plants produce seeds.
A wild oat is an oat
Wild oat are more susceptible than foxtail.
Wild oat germinates in cool soil during the fall or early spring.
Wild oat has a tall, pointed ligule with toothed margins and no auricles.
Wild oat has an elongating first internode and coleoptile.
Wild oat herbicides commonly used in cereal crops are ineffective on downy brome.
Wild oat is a better competitor than other weeds such as green foxtail.
Wild oat is a serious weed in wheat production.
Wild oat is a winter annual grass that is a prolific seed producer.
Wild oat is an annual that reproduces from seed.
Wild oat is more susceptible than foxtail.
Wild oat is most competitive with wheat that is grown under a low fertility regime.
Wild oat is one of the most competitive weeds in small grains.
Wild oat is ranked as the worst weed problem by wheat and barley producers in many western states.
Wild oat is serious weed world wide and in the Northern Plains of the United States and Canada.
Wild oat is very competitive.
Wild oats are oats.
Wild oats continue to be the Number One weed problem in western Canada.
Wild oats develop in a similar manner as wheat and barley.
Wild oats prefer cool weather and moist soil.
Wild oats produce seeds.
Wild oats produce viable seeds.
A wild olive is a bush
Wild olive does very well in light, dappled shade, and even in almost full shade.
Wild ones are black with orange and gold.
Some wild ones do exist.
A wild onion is a bulbous plant
Wild onion is a grassy weed, it has long , straight stems and grows in clusters with a strong odor.
Wild onion is found in open woodlands, prairies, dry meadows and rocky slopes.
Wild onions are a low successional species that requires bare ground to germinate.
Wild onions cover the ground, and swifts are a common sight as they zoom overhead.
Wild orangutans are, for the most part, indifferent to humans.
Wild orangutans develop ability.
Wild orangutans develop amaze ability.
Wild orangutans do seem to laugh, but only when they are playing or being tickled.
Wild orangutans live only on the islands of Borneo and Sumatra.
Most wild orangutans develop ability.
Most wild orangutans develop amaze ability.
Wild orcas spend much of their day socializing and playing.
Wild orchid produce great quantity of seeds, flowering only once a year.
Wild orchids abound.
Wild orchids are everywhere.
Wild orchids lead the way to the nursery.
Wild orchids occur throughout North America.
Most wild orchids bloom only once a year.
Wild oregano is an oil rich plant.
Wild otters cruise the shore line, especially near the campground on the west end.
Wild outfitters is a privately owned outfitters store.
Some wild oxes have chestnut coats.
Some wild oxes have coats.
Wild oysters are generally costlier than cultivated oysters, for starters.
Wild pandas are extremely rare.
Wild pandas drink fresh water.
Wild pandas drink water.
Wild pandas find their home in the bamboo forest that surrounds the center.
Wild pandas live in the bamboo forests of central China.
Most wild pandas drink fresh water.
Most wild pandas drink water.
Some wild pandas leave mothers.
Wild pangolins locate insect nests using a well developed sense of smell.
Wild pansies have clear differences.
Wild pansies have color.
Wild pansies have differences.
Wild pansies have flowers.
Wild pansies have strong tendencies.
Wild pansies have tendencies.
Wild pansies have violet color.
Wild pansies produce ovaries.
Most wild pansies have clear differences.
Most wild pansies have color.
Most wild pansies have differences.
Most wild pansies have flowers.
Most wild pansies have strong tendencies.
Most wild pansies have tendencies.
Most wild pansies have violet color.
Most wild pansies produce ovaries.
Some wild pansies have reputations.
Wild parrots are noisy, too.
Wild parrots can endure cold.
Wild parrots crisscross dense green jungle gorges, screeching at the surf and spray.
Wild parrots do eat a variety of foods.
Wild parrots fly, forage for food, chew on branches, crack seeds and nuts and, in short, keep busy.
Wild parrots live in areas.
Wild parrots pair off early, and pairs stay together within a flock of their own species.
Most wild parrots live in areas.
Some wild parrots face danger.
Some wild parrots face many danger.
Some wild parrots face many more danger.
A wild parsnip is a weed
Wild parsnip is also a garden escapee that grows very well in ditches in Minnesota.
Wild parsnip is also a garden escapee which does very well in ditches in Minnesota.
Wild parsnips are parsnips.
Wild parsnips are poisonous.
Wild parsnips are weeds.
Wild parties are in progress in the private dining-rooms of expensive restaurants.
Wild patterns disrupt the boundary between fluid and solid.
Wild pepper grows in forest patches.
Wild pepper grows in patches.
Wild pepper grows in regions.
Wild pepper grows in the Western Ghats region of India .
Most wild pepper grows in forest patches.
Most wild pepper grows in patches.
Most wild pepper grows in regions.
Wild peregrines begin nesting at two to three years of age.
Wild pheasants are very nervous and high-strung, and usually very easy to hypnotize.
Wild pig can simply lie down and sleep, usually on their sides.
Wild pig is most abundant and spotted deer is seen in majority of areas.
Wild pig is omni present.
Wild pigs are a cinch to catch.
Wild pigs are fast runners and good swimmers.
Wild pigs are intelligent animals and readily adapt to changing conditions.
Wild pigs are opportunistic omnivores.
Wild pigs can cause a variety of damage.
Wild pigs cause damage.
Wild pigs chuff there, too, feral and stupid.
Wild pigs compete for food.
Wild pigs destroy cassowary nests and feed on their eggs.
Wild pigs eat a variety of plants and animals and feed by rooting with their broad snouts.
Wild pigs enter pens.
Wild pigs have a high reproductive potential, often producing two litters per year.
Wild pigs have straight tails.
Wild pigs have tails.
Wild pigs live in a group of females and their offspring with males joining the group to mate.
Wild pigs live in grassland.
Wild pigs live mainly in open woodlands, especially where there are wallows.
Wild pigs live near fields.
Wild pigs look for roots under the shady ground.
Wild pigs make mud pools that make erosion and attract malaria bearing flies that make birds dead.
Wild pigs play an important role in managing ecosystems and maintaining biodiversity.
Wild pigs possess the biological characteristics to adapt to nearly any habitat.
Wild pigs reach weight.
Wild pigs represent either a pest or an important source of dietary protein for most humans.
Wild pigs show a similar type of disease to domestic pigs.
Wild pigs vary greatly in size and weight.
Most wild pigs cause damage.
Most wild pigs compete for food.
Most wild pigs enter pens.
Most wild pigs have straight tails.
Most wild pigs live in grassland.
Most wild pigs live near fields.
Most wild pigs reach weight.
Some wild pigs eat snakes.
Some wild pigs have large tusks, overgrown teeth used for fighting and digging for food.
Some wild pigs remain in shades.
Wild pigeons are susceptible to parasites, particularly lice.
Some wild pineapples have spines.
Wild plants are also important as they often play a considerable role in the diets of the poor.
Wild plants are sometimes so colorful and enticing.
Wild plants are the fundamental building blocks of all habitats.
Wild plants belong in the wild.
Wild plants belong to families.
Wild plants belong to legume families.
Wild plants can improve their rhizosphere chemistry in acid soils.
Wild plants grow from seeds.
Wild plants grow in woods, grassland and on rocky ground.
Wild plants have many local names, so dont go by that alone.
Wild plants have opportunity.
Wild plants have properties.
Wild plants have stigma.
Wild plants have valuable properties.
Wild plants suffer from drought.
Many wild plants act as hosts for leafminers.
Many wild plants are also allopolyploids.
Many wild plants are edible but barely palatable.
Many wild plants are harvested as fruit and vegetables.
Many wild plants are more nourishing than cultivated vegetables.
Most wild plants belong to families.
Most wild plants belong to legume families.
Most wild plants grow from seeds.
Most wild plants have opportunity.
Most wild plants have properties.
Most wild plants have purple flowers, but pink and white forms occur too.
Most wild plants have stigma.
Most wild plants have valuable properties.
Most wild plants suffer from drought.
Some wild plants have requirements.
A wild plum is a plum tree
Wild plum is a soft mast that offers summer food and year-round cover to a variety of wildlife.
Wild plums are also common, and frequently brought to market.
Wild plums are usu- ally symptomless carriers.
Wild pollinators enhance fruit set of crops regardless of honey bee abundance.
Wild pollinators provide pollination services.
Wild pollinators provide services.
Most wild pollinators provide pollination services.
Most wild pollinators provide services.
Wild ponies abound, as well as mosquitoes.
Wild ponies roam the beach and back bays, along with wild deer and other fauna.
Wild populations are already under intensive pressure from habitat loss due to human impact.
Wild populations are now limited national parks and refuges.
Wild populations are now very localized in China.
Wild populations are stable.
Wild populations tend to grow and crash, rather than show steady population numbers.
Wild populations vary in color from gold to olive green or even creamy white.
Wild populations vary in color from the well-known gold to olive green or even creamy white.
All wild populations are extinct, although presumably old relatives exist in Asia.
All wild populations are extinct, although presumably there are still related species in Asia.
Wild primates spend a huge portion of their waking hours travelling and foraging in search of food.
Wild prints are an especially hot pick among younger dancers.
Wild proteas grow along the roads.
Wild rabbit is cooked with prunes or grapes.
Wild rabbits are gregarious, burrowing, herbivorous, nocturnal or crepuscular animals.
Wild rabbits are often fond of living on the outskirts of wide and airy spaces.
Wild rabbits are very suited to their environment .
Wild rabbits can also become involved in the plague cycle.
Wild rabbits compete with livestock for available pasture and kill young trees and shrubs.
Wild rabbits create their own homes by tunneling into the ground.
Wild rabbits damage young heads of lettuce in gardens.
Wild rabbits eat the food of native animals and even live in their burrows.
Wild rabbits get food.
Wild rabbits get their food by foraging and grazing.
Wild rabbits have ranges.
Wild rabbits have years.
Wild rabbits live for durations.
Wild rabbits live in areas.
Wild rabbits live in colonies in a complex system of burrows called warrens.
Wild rabbits live in colonies in which females outnumber males.
Wild rabbits live in extended groups in warrens underground with many interlinking tunnels.
Wild rabbits live in mostly dry areas near sea level with soft, sandy soil for burrowing.
Wild rabbits live throughout the world in all climates.
Wild rabbits prefer burrows.
Wild rabbits prefer sandy, hilly terrain with lots of shrubs and woody plants.
Wild rabbits require a specialized formula.
Wild rabbits share their warrens with up to a hundred family members.
Most wild rabbits get food.
Most wild rabbits have ranges.
Most wild rabbits have years.
Most wild rabbits live for durations.
Most wild rabbits live in areas.
Most wild rabbits prefer burrows.
Some wild rabbits have areas.
Some wild rabbits have different areas.
Some wild rabbits have many areas.
Some wild rabbits have many different areas.
Wild raccoons require a specialized formula.
A wild radish is a weed
Wild radish can bloom any month of the year, but is most prolific in winter and spring.
Wild radish competes vigorously with crops.
Wild radish is classified as a winter annual or a biennial plant, depending on region.
Wild radish produces abundant seeds.
A wild raspberry is a red raspberry
Wild raspberries are in bloom.
Wild rats are known to eat fish and even other smaller rodents if necessary.
Wild rats live in colonies.
Wild rats living in good environments are typically healthy and robust animals.
Wild red deer inhabit regions.
Wild reindeer occur all over the tundra areas of the northern hemisphere.
Some wild relatives have predators.
Wild rhinos continue to be in serious danger of being killed for their horns.
Some wild rhinos live up to years.
Wild rice adds a wonderful chewy texture and nutty flavor.
Wild rice continues to be an important food source for the Native American peoples today.
Wild rice cooks more like pasta - cook it in lots of boiling water with some salt.
Wild rice dominates the emergent aquatics.
Wild rice grows best in cold water of sufficient depth.
Wild rice grows in shallow lakes.
Wild rice grows naturally in the Mississippi river.
Wild rice grows naturally in the shallow waters of lakes in central and northern Minnesota.
Wild rice has a unique, almost nutty flavor.
Wild rice has more protein than white rice and twice the calcium.
Wild rice has potential in utilizing current waste swamplands in northern climates.
Wild rice has twice the protein and fiber of brown rice, but contains less iron and calcium.
Wild rice is a coarse aquatic grass with short roots that are easily pulled up.
Wild rice is a native American grass that bears a grain used for food.
Wild rice is a summer annual that is commercially grown in shallow lakes or man-made paddies.
Wild rice is an aquatic plant.
Wild rice is another alternative as well.
Wild rice is cereals.
Wild rice is delicious in soups and great paired with split peas.
Wild rice is expensive but has a wonderful crunchy texture and nutty flavor.
Wild rice is gathered from the fields by the women.
Wild rice is grain
Wild rice is grain.
Wild rice is grass.
Wild rice is harvested during the late summer and early fall.
Wild rice is obtained from a different grass plant.
Wild rice is part of wild rice.
Wild rice is perfect for new cooks.
Wild rice is planted by hand broadcasting into the water.
Wild rice is plants.
Wild rice is rich in carbohydrates, and is also exceptional in protein.
Wild rice is susceptible to zinc deficiencies.
Wild rice is the only grain native to the United States.
Wild rice is the seed of a grass that grows in marshes and rivers.
Wild rice is very sensitive to the environmental conditions of it's niche.
Wild rice looks like rice but is actually an aquatic grass.
Wild rice offers a unique taste and texture to meals throughout the entire year.
Wild River boasts lyrics akin to poetry.
Wild River is a rock album in the classic sense of the word.
Wild rodents carry bacteria.
Wild rodents cause damage.
Most wild rodents carry bacteria.
Most wild rodents cause damage.
Some wild rodents cause illnesses.
Wild roosters roam the property.
Wild roots are generally small in size and light in weight.
Wild roses are erect or climbing shrubs.
Wild roses are host plants for a number of pests and diseases.
Wild roses are the same as their domesticated cousins in that respect.
Wild roses are used by bees to make honey and humming birds use the nectar to feed their babies.
Wild roses bloom there, and golden daffodils, while water lilies dance among the rills.
Wild roses can come in very different colors shapes and sizes.
Wild roses contribute greatly as a food source for wildlife.
Wild roses grow on the chapel walls making it a beautiful sight in summer.
Wild roses grow unattended and nobody ever knows why.
Wild roses open their hearts gently by the by.
Wild roses push through the front fence in one of the sunnier spots in the yard.
Wild roses range from prostrate shrubs to enormous climbers.
Wild roses thrive along the shore where raccoons gather meals of freshwater clams.
Some wild roses grow in mountains.
Wild ruminants are also susceptible.
Many wild ruminants serve as non-clinical reservoirs.
Wild rumours circulate about troop movements.
Wild sago is used and transplanted.
Wild salmon are a vital part of our vibrant environment.
Wild salmon are crucial to the health of our rivers.
Wild salmon are in danger of extinction in the West.
Wild salmon are muscular and built to make a long voyage into the ocean and back.
Wild salmon are the corporate farmers' competitor.
Wild salmon belong to everyone, including our children and their children.
Wild salmon can only regenerate in high quality streams.
Wild salmon is part of what makes Maine the great state it is.
Wild salmon runs in local streams.
Some wild salmon eat fish.
A wild sarsaparilla is a bush
Wild sarsaparilla feeds many different animals.
Wild sarsaparilla is a very common plant in Connecticut woods.
Wild sarsaparilla occurs in communities with diverse fire regimes.
Wild seafood is the last truly organic protein in the world.
Wild seahorses eat only live food including zooplankton and small crustaceans.
Some wild seeds have quite astonishing levels of antioxidant.
Most wild seedlings are green and uninviting.
Wild shamrocks are embroidered on the top of the bonnet.
A wild sheep is a bovid
Wild sheep are largely variations of brown hues.
Wild sheep can climb high mountains.
Wild sheep eat berries or grass.
Wild sheep have fantastic eyesight.
Wild sheep have horns which grow in a spiral, while some domestic sheep have no horns.
Wild sheep inhabit regions.
Wild sheep live in social groups, but rams and ewes typically meet only to mate.
Wild sheep look a lot like wild goats.
Most wild sheep inhabit regions.
Some wild sheep eat berries.
Wild shiners are THE bait for big largemouths.
Wild shrieks burst on the affrighted ear, And now the mad waves triumph o'er the sound.
Wild silk comes silkworms which feed on a variety of leaves, including oak and cherry trees.
Wild silk has a tan colour derived from the tannin in the oak leaves.
Wild silk is made by the tussah worm of India and China, which feeds on oak leaves.
Wild silk is the product of the tussah worm of India and China, which feeds on oaks.
Wild skunks are black and white, but the patterns vary.
Wild skunks are more worrisome.
Wild skunks are omnivorous and spend much of their waking time foraging for food.
Wild skunks eat anything from insects and snakes to fruits and veggies.
Wild skunks survive years.
Most wild skunks survive years.
Some wild songbirds have requirements.
Wild species are found in Africa and parts of central and western Asia.
Wild species are necessary to ensure the continued productivity of our cultivated foods.
Wild species are often useful sources of genes to improve the value of crops.
Wild species are the gene bank used to maintain the vigor of our crops and livestock.
Wild species grow in lakes and waterways, consuming whatever nutrients are in the water.
Wild species help to maintain healthy ecosystems.
Wild species play a vital role in maintaining the planet's ecological functions.
Wild species related to soybean are potentially useful in genetic improvement programs.
Many wild species are of economic importance, including the Brazil nut and maroela.
Many wild species have desirable characteristics, useful in breeding.
Some wild species are toxic, or at least indigestible, when raw.
Wild speculation seems to have become the norm here.
Wild spenders get a whole lot of attention, but they get no respect at all.
Wild squash is native to the southern U.S. and is considered an agricultural weed.
Wild stocks are in steep decline wherever there are salmon farms.
Wild stocks are valuable precisely because they spawn naturally without human intervention.
Wild stocks unaffected by habitat loss, overfishing, or genetic alterations are normal.
Wild stories circulate almost daily about the questionable safety of online credit card purchases.
Many wild stories circulate, but there's little proof.
A wild strawberry is a strawberry
Wild strawberries are still several days away from ripening.
Wild strawberries are strawberries.
Wild strawberries are the first to ripen followed by black raspberries and finally blackberries.
Wild strawberries arise from short thick rootstocks anchored to the ground by tough wiry roots.
Wild strawberries form mats of runners across the surface, and deep-rooted willow thickets develop.
Wild strawberries have surfaces.
Wild strawberries intervine the road.
Wild strawberries make excellent jam but getting enough berries is a challenge.
Wild strawberries reproduce from seed and from runners.
Most wild strawberries have surfaces.
Wild sunflowers abound.
Wild sunflowers grow in the Upper Midwest and in many other places with sandy soils.
Wild sunflowers have many flowers or heads and require insects for the pollination of the flowers.
Wild swans glide over a still pond.
More wild swings are in the offing.
Wild tamarins are omnivorous.
Wild things are here, but they're seasonal.
Wild Things Click on any picture to see the larger image.
Wild things die In the very finest cages.
Wild Things Make crazy creatures and wild animals using clay, paint, collage, and paper mache.
Wild things prefer it that way.
Some wild things go on outdoors.
Wild tigers are found mostly in India.
Wild tigers can eat as much as sixty pounds of meat at one time.
Wild tigers live in homes called ranges.
All wild tigers live in Asia.
Wild toadstools can be extremely dangerous to dogs.
Wild toms love to gobble when they hear loud sounds or settle in for the night.
Wild toms love to gobble when they hear loud sounds.
Wild tortoises dig depressions in the sand to catch rain.
Wild tortoises rely on dried vegetation for food when the spring flowers and grasses are gone.
Wild tortoises share habitats.
Some wild tortoises carry diseases.
Wild trout are extremely wary and difficult to catch.
Wild trout are solitary and alone.
Wild trout swim in our streams.
Every wild trout taken is one less for the next angler to experience and enjoy.
Wild tulips are native to Turkey and western and central Asia.
Wild turkey are a common sight, and deer and elk can also be seen.
Wild turkey come to the creek daily to drink.
Wild turkey is the featured management species.
Wild turkeys adapt to environments.
Wild turkeys appear to be surviving the winter well.
Wild turkeys are as big as our tame.
Wild turkeys are as wary and high-strung as whitetail deer.
Wild turkeys are big birds requiring a feeder that holds plenty of feed.
Wild turkeys are birds.
Wild turkeys are capable of flying.
Wild turkeys are common visitors.
Wild turkeys are common, with one of the highest densities in the state.
Wild turkeys are extremely wary and possess keen color vision and very good hearing ability.
Wild turkeys are great hikers and strong fliers.
Wild turkeys are ground-nesting birds, like ruffed grouse and bobwhite quail.
Wild turkeys are large birds with long legs, long necks and large fan-shaped tails.
Wild turkeys are native to the southeastern United States.
Wild turkeys are native to wooded areas of North America.
Wild turkeys are non-migratory birds, andhave adapted to live in a great variety of conditions.
Wild turkeys are now in every county in the state and spreading rapidly.
Wild turkeys are numerous and ruffed grouse and woodcock are occasionally seen.
Wild turkeys are numerous on the unit.
Wild turkeys are omnivorous , foraging on the ground or climbing shrubs and small trees to feed.
Wild turkeys are one of the most popular game bird species in the United States.
Wild turkeys are plentiful and are widespread.
Wild turkeys are plentiful and can be spotted from the highways sometimes.
Wild turkeys are plentiful in Illinois and Missouri, and are hunted regularly.
Wild turkeys are plentiful, and are hunted in open season.
Wild turkeys are polygynous, which means the males mate with different females every year.
Wild turkeys are remarkably adaptable and can survive in a wide range of environments.
Wild turkeys are shiny black with streaks of gold and orange.
Wild turkeys are subject to many infectious and non-infectious diseases and parasitical infections.
Wild turkeys are the largest and also the most alert of the game birds in North America.
Wild turkeys are turkeys.
Wild turkeys are very adaptable to both habitat and range requirements, due in part to their diets.
Wild turkeys begin gobbling.
Wild turkeys breed in early spring.
Wild turkeys breed once per year.
Wild turkeys can and do fly.
Wild turkeys can fly, but they prefer to run.
Wild turkeys can fly.
Wild turkeys can run and are good fliers.
Wild turkeys come to the creek daily to drink.
Wild turkeys continue to be one of the most exciting sightings for many people.
Wild turkeys differ from domestic ones in color and body form, being slimmer and more streamlined.
Wild turkeys differ from domestic turkeys in color and body form.
Wild turkeys eat fruits, seeds, tubers, bulbs, and greens of locally common plants.
Wild turkeys eat insects.
Wild turkeys eat rhizomes.
Wild turkeys eat seeds, acorns, and insects.
Wild turkeys enjoy the fruits.
Wild turkeys forage in fields.
Wild turkeys have a large vocabulary as compared to other birds.
Wild turkeys have a very complex language.
Wild turkeys have better eyesight and hearing than domestic turkeys.
Wild turkeys have better eyesights.
Wild turkeys have color.
Wild turkeys have excellent vision and very acute hearing.
Wild turkeys have eyesights.
Wild turkeys have longer necks and legs as well as smaller breasts than turkeys bred for the table.
Wild turkeys have vision.
Wild turkeys live in a variety of habitats throughout North America.
Wild turkeys live in areas.
Wild turkeys live in forests in North America and Central America .
Wild turkeys live in forests in North America and Central America.
Wild turkeys live in hardwood forests near farm fields.
Wild turkeys live in heavily wooded areas near water.
Wild turkeys make their rounds a couple of times a year.
Wild turkeys mate for life, like swans.
Wild turkeys prefer forested land and swamps, but behave like racoons and live near civilization.
Wild turkeys reproduce by mating with one another, which usually happens during early spring.
Wild turkeys respond well to food plots.
Wild turkeys run and fly so they have much less fat and have a tendency to be very dry when roasted.
Wild turkeys run circles around their domestic counterparts, when it comes to brain power.
Wild turkeys scratch the dust, alert for the occasional sound of approaching pickup trucks.
Wild turkeys seek mates during the latter part of the month.
Wild turkeys segregate into flocks on the basis of sex and, to some extent, age.
Wild turkeys share their nests.
Wild turkeys spend the night in trees.
Wild turkeys stalk through the remote woodlands.
Wild turkeys stay in flocks and favor mature deciduous and mixed woodlands.
Wild turkeys tend to be slimmer and more streamlined in appearance.
All wild turkeys are born with small buttons on their lower legs.
All wild turkeys are worthy adversaries.
Most wild turkeys adapt to environments.
Most wild turkeys eat insects.
Most wild turkeys eat rhizomes.
Most wild turkeys have better eyesights.
Most wild turkeys have color.
Most wild turkeys have eyesights.
Most wild turkeys have vision.
Most wild turkeys live in areas.
Some wild turkeys have chances.
Some wild turkeys have enemies.
Some wild turkeys have natural enemies.
Some wild turkeys select nest sites.
Wild type grows on minimal medium.
Wild type is the default, which represents a normal fly.
Wild type is the term for flies that are normal and have no mutations.
Wild type refers to the allele that is the most common in the wild for a specific gene.
Wild type refers to the most common form.
Wild ungulates experience weather.
Wild varieties have a slightly stronger and more complex flavor than other varieties.
Wild varieties have orange or yellow flowers on stems that tend to bend over.
Wild vegetation grows among the debris, the schoolhouse still stands.
Wild vegetation is also naturally strictly organic.
Wild vegetation is forest of pin oak, white oak, ash, beech and red maple.
Wild vegetation is mixed hardwood, chiefly oaks, hickories and yellow poplar.
Wild vegetation is mostly sedges, reeds, and grasses.
Wild vegetation spreads across the village site, which has been leveled by bulldozers.
Wild violets are a tough tough weed to control.
Wild violets are more common where they are sold as ornamental ground covers.
Wild violets are persistent perennial weeds that are difficult to control in turf.
Wild violets are regarded as a problem in shady fescue lawns in North America.
Wild violets bloom nicely.
Wild violets make great accents around trees, near water sources, and beds.
Wild water is a torrent race, canoe polo is a water polo played using canoes.
Wild Waves Get soaked and love every minute of it.
Wild west shows.
Wild whales live in regions.
Wild whales travel up to kilometres.
Most wild whales live in regions.
Most wild whales travel up to kilometres.
Some wild whales die from bacterial infection.
Some wild whales die from infection.
Wild wolves are afraid of humans and usually run away rather than be near people.
Wild wolves are shy and avoid contact with humans whenever possible.
Wild wolves belong in the wild.
Wild Wolves Walk Our Classroom Our Athabascan Indian folk legend art.
Some wild wolves avoid contact.
Wild wool is finer than tame.
Wild wool IS finer than tame.
Wild wyverns can be quite temperamental and violent.
Wild yak are larger in size than the domestic ones.
Wild yak dislike heat but are highly tolerant of cold and starvation.
Wild yak live in alpine meadows and on the steppes in Asia.
Wild yak prefer to live in herds of tens or even hundreds of animals.
Wild yaks adapt to alpine regions.
Wild yaks adapt to himalayan regions.
Wild yaks adapt to regions.
Wild yaks are among the largest bovids and are second only to the gaur in shoulder height.
Wild yaks are generally dark, blackish to brown, in colouration.
Wild yaks are hunted commercially for their meat.
Wild yaks are in danger of extinction.
Wild yaks are probably the wildlife species under the most threat on the Tibetan Plateau today.
Wild yaks are usually black.
Wild yaks can be black or brown .
Wild yaks can be black or brown.
Wild yaks graze on grass.
Wild yaks have horns.
Wild yaks inhabit alpine meadows and steppes of central Asia.
Wild yaks live high in the alpine tundra of the Tibetan plateau.
Wild yaks live in tundra.
Wild yaks stay in areas.
Most wild yaks adapt to alpine regions.
Most wild yaks adapt to himalayan regions.
Most wild yaks adapt to regions.
Most wild yaks have horns.
Most wild yaks live in tundra.
Most wild yaks stay in areas.
Some wild yaks have feet.
Some wild yaks have fur.
Some wild yaks inhabit alpine tundra.
Wild yam contains an abundance of starch.
Wild yam contains diosgenin, a natural precursor to progesterone.
Wild yam contains estrogen precursors.
Wild yam improves liver and kidney function and can lessen dysmenorrhea and ovarian pain.
Wild yam is a great nourisher of the female reproductive system.
Wild yam is a powerful estrogenic herb used by women around the world.
Wild yam is a valuable antispasmodic, therefore is also helpful in relieving menstrual cramps.
Wild yam is a vine
Wild yam is also beneficial in treating arthritis, rheumatism and muscle spasms.
Wild yam is considered to be a strong antispasmodic and has potential anti-inflamatory properties.
Wild yam is considered to be a strong antispasmodic and has potential anti-inflammatory properties.
Wild yam is supposed to help prevent miscarriage.
Wild yam is used in tincture form, topical creams and gels, capsules, teas, tablets, and sublingual.
Wild yam is vines.
Wild yams are an excellent source of diosgenin.
Wild yams are really the only good source of plant steroids for such purposes.
Wild yams are the only really good source of plant steroids for such purposes.
Wild yeast is everywhere.
Wild yeast metabolizes complex sugars and starches from carbohydrates.
Wild zebras live in Africa.
Wildcard capabilities exist in search engines also.
Wildcard character is the asterisk.
Wildcard characters are acceptable.
Wildcard characters are particularly useful when performing file name substitution.
Wildcard characters have no special meaning.
Wildcard characters perform a similar function but in the middle of a word.
Wildcard characters work only in fields that contain text.
Wildcard feature is available on report selection criteria screens.
Wildcard filters are appropriate for multicast sessions.
Wildcard mask is somewhat similar to the subnet mask.
Wildcard operators are useful for finding pages with words similar to a given word.
Wildcard patterns use special characters.
Wildcard questions are worth double points.
Wildcard search is available.
Wildcard searches are possible.
Wildcard searches can be considerably slower than simple word searches.
Wildcard support is included.
A wildcat strike is a strike
Wildcat strikes are common, but workers often lose out.
Wildcat strikes continue at several mines.
Wildcat trail starts at parking lot.
A wildcat is an oil well
Wildcat exists to place people in full-time jobs.
Wildcat is by far the best skiing in the east.
Wildcat isa artifact.
Wildcats are cats.
Wildcats are felines.
Wildcats are good climbers and escape predators by climbing trees.
Wildcats are mammals.
Wildcats are predatory animals.
Wildcats are somewhat larger and more robust than their cousins, the domestic cat.
Wildcats begin season in Tenn.
Wildcats get creative Plus area scores and standings.
Wildcats have (part) sections.
Wildcats have agouti coats.
Wildcats hope for best in draft .
Wildcats is the decal review.
Wildcats lurk in the area.
Wildcats move towards safety .
Wildcats reach double-figure win total for fourth time in five years.
Wildcats restore hope .
Wildcats risk a six-point deduction if found to be in breach of salary cap rules.
Wildcats run winning streak to eight.
Wildcats score three runs on four straight hits to start the fourth inning.
Wildcats seek revenge at Homecoming .
Wildcats show their enthusiasm for the team.
Wildcats strive for balance on offense.
Wildcats win third straight.
Wildcats wonder just how many teams from Illinois it has to beat.
A wildcatter is an oilman
Wildcatters often believe that they are advancing the collective interest.
Most wildcatters are hobbyists who apply their limited resources to producing the perfect cartridge.
Wildcrafted products contain herbs hand-gathered in their natural environment.
Wildes acknowledges operators' challenges in paying for such improvements.
Wildebeest calves reach maturity.
Wildebeest calves reach sexual maturity.
Most wildebeest calves reach maturity.
Most wildebeest calves reach sexual maturity.
Wildebeest migrations are important both ecologically and economically.
A wildebeest is an antelope
Wildebeest isa antelope.
Wildebeests are mammals.
Wildebeests are plant-eaters, grazing mostly on grass.
Wildebeests begin migration.
Wildebeests consume shoots.
Wildebeests develop behaviour.
Wildebeests develop cooperative behaviour.
Wildebeests eat grass.
Wildebeests eat leaves.
Wildebeests eat plants.
Wildebeests eat short little grass and fat succulent plants.
Wildebeests fight for dominance.
Wildebeests gather in enormous herds of up to a million animals.
Wildebeests graze on grass.
Wildebeests have (part) brains.
Wildebeests have (part) breasts.
Wildebeests have (part) cannon bones.
Wildebeests have (part) cell membranes.
Wildebeests have (part) cells.
Wildebeests have (part) chest cavities.
Wildebeests have (part) chests.
Wildebeests have (part) corpi.
Wildebeests have (part) cytoplasm.
Wildebeests have (part) ears.
Wildebeests have (part) faces.
Wildebeests have (part) heads.
Wildebeests have (part) hip sockets.
Wildebeests have (part) hoofs.
Wildebeests have (part) nuclei.
Wildebeests have (part) piluses.
Wildebeests have (part) plasma membranes.
Wildebeests have (part) rib cages.
Wildebeests have (part) second stomachs.
Wildebeests have (part) sections.
Wildebeests have (part) skulls.
Wildebeests have (part) sterna.
Wildebeests have (part) vacuoles.
Wildebeests have black tails.
Wildebeests have excellent hearing and a good sense of smell.
Wildebeests have forelimbs.
Wildebeests have heads.
Wildebeests have horns.
Wildebeests have inherent instinct.
Wildebeests have instinct.
Wildebeests have potential.
Wildebeests have reproductive potential.
Wildebeests have skulls.
Wildebeests have tails.
Wildebeests have white tails.
Wildebeests live in central, eastern and southern parts of Africa.
Wildebeests migrate in winter.
Wildebeests migrate to areas.
Wildebeests need energy.
Wildebeests possess characteristics.
Wildebeests possess various characteristics.
Wildebeests prefer grass.
Wildebeests reach maturity.
Wildebeests reach sexual maturity.
Wildebeests rely on grass.
Wildebeests reside in regions.
Wildebeests to graze on grass.
Most wildebeests begin migration.
Most wildebeests consume shoots.
Most wildebeests develop behaviour.
Most wildebeests develop cooperative behaviour.
Most wildebeests eat grass.
Most wildebeests eat leaves.
Most wildebeests eat plants.
Most wildebeests fight for dominance.
Most wildebeests graze on grass.
Most wildebeests have black tails.
Most wildebeests have forelimbs.
Most wildebeests have heads.
Most wildebeests have horns.
Most wildebeests have inherent instinct.
Most wildebeests have instinct.
Most wildebeests have potential.
Most wildebeests have reproductive potential.
Most wildebeests have skulls.
Most wildebeests have tails.
Most wildebeests have white tails.
Most wildebeests migrate in winter.
Most wildebeests migrate to areas.
Most wildebeests possess characteristics.
Most wildebeests possess various characteristics.
Most wildebeests prefer grass.
Most wildebeests reach maturity.
Most wildebeests reach sexual maturity.
Most wildebeests rely on grass.
Most wildebeests reside in regions.
Some wildebeests are killed by humans.
Some wildebeests belong to families.
Some wildebeests cross mara rivers.
Some wildebeests cross rivers.
Some wildebeests eat animals.
Some wildebeests eat small animals.
Some wildebeests establish territory.
Some wildebeests follow rain.
Some wildebeests have black coats.
Some wildebeests have coats.
Some wildebeests have distribution.
Some wildebeests have height.
Some wildebeests have migration.
Some wildebeests have shoulder height.
Some wildebeests have wide distribution.
Some wildebeests inflict injuries.
Some wildebeests inhabit hills.
Some wildebeests live in habitats.
Some wildebeests occur in grassland.
Some wildebeests solve problems.
Some wildebeests stay in places.
Some wildebeests stay in same places.
Wilder loves exercise and the outdoors.
Wilderness access is, in fact, very limited.
Wilderness areas abound in the vicinity.
Wilderness areas allow no motorized equipment, and usually no vegetative management of any kind.
Wilderness areas are almost universally healthier than areas that are farmed.
Wilderness areas are closed to all motorized and mechanical vehicles, including bicycles.
Wilderness areas are closed to all types of motorized and mechanized equipment.
Wilderness areas are multiple-use areas where timber harvesting is generally forbidden.
Wilderness areas are places for nature where people are only an occasional, and respectful, visitor.
Wilderness areas are special areas where nature comes fist.
Wilderness areas are the most protected landscapes in the federal system.
Wilderness areas are truly wild places.
Wilderness areas are within a day s drive.
Wilderness areas are within a day's drive.
Wilderness areas have extreme access limitations designed to keep the land in a pristine state.
Wilderness areas have pleniful fauna and have retained thier native habitat.
Wilderness areas have the strongest conservation protection.
Wilderness areas have various restrictions and require camping permits.
Wilderness areas offer pristine recreational opportunities for people.
Wilderness areas prohibit motorized vehicles, making continued grazing there impractical.
Wilderness areas provide an opportunity for solitude in a rugged, natural setting.
Wilderness areas provide the peace and quiet needed to recharge our emotional batteries.
Wilderness areas provide undisturbed habitats for wild plants and animals, promoting biodiversity.
Wilderness areas surrounding Park City are perfect for backpacking, hiking, and mountain biking.
Wilderness areas sustain our existence, and even today, many people call wildernesses their home.
Some wilderness areas get special legal protection against air pollution.
Some wilderness areas require special permits.
Wilderness campaigns are underway across the country.
Wilderness designation can generate economic growth and enhance property values.
Wilderness elimination is as morally bankrupt as it is ecologically and economically unsound.
Some wilderness guides say that moss only grows on the north side of trees.
Wilderness lodges offer many adventure choices with all the comforts of home.
Wilderness Park consists primarily of woodlands in various successional stages along a major creek.
Wilderness Park is dominated by woodland habitat and woodland bird species.
Wilderness Park is linear with a great deal of edge habitat.
Wilderness parks are parks.
Wilderness protection happens on the ground, at the local level.
Wilderness protection preserves our wild legacy for generations to come.
Wilderness reserves are special places.
Wilderness skills are essential.
Wilderness territories are central to the traditional American experience.
Wilderness trail begins on the north side of Painted Desert Inn.
Wilderness trails are accessible from the park.
Wilderness trails have no caution signs for loose rocks, nor do they have guard rails on cliffs.
Wilderness trails have no caution signs for loose rocks, nor do they have guardrails on cliffs.
Wilderness trails offer the hiker spectacular views of Mt.
A wilderness is rejection
Wilderness improves air quality through the filtering actions of their green plants and forest.
Wilderness isa location.
Wilderness journeys away from the maddening crowds into some of Africa s best game parks.
Wilderness locks up the land, prohibiting people from entering or using public lands.
Wilderness starts on the doorstep in Siberia.
Wildernesses are located in state parks.
Wildernesses are profusion.
Wildernesses offer refuge from the bustle and stress of modern civilization.
Many wildernesses are far, far away from amenities such as grocery stores and hospitals.
Some wildernesses surround cities.
A wildfire is an inferno
Wildfire allows guests the option to walk.
Wildfire also serves as a secretary with reminders of appointments.
Wildfire can be especially devastating to timber resources when the weather is hot and dry.
Wildfire can both improve and devastate sage grouse habitat.
Wildfire can change direction and speed suddenly.
Wildfire consumes all obstacles.
Wildfire has a classic design and really doesn t provide any big surprises.
Wildfire has bent grass putting greens.
Wildfire has marvelous silky, crimped fiber and does remarkably well in the show ring.
Wildfire has six sets of tees.
Wildfire is a close-knit unit, more like a family than a business enterprise.
Wildfire is a fairly common disturbance event.
Wildfire is a fire that burns in an uncontrolled and unplanned manner.
Wildfire is a major concern in a forested landscape.
Wildfire is a major force in Idaho's forests.
Wildfire is a natural part of the life cycle of the boreal forest.
Wildfire is a phone-based electronic assistant.
Wildfire is a serious matter .
Wildfire is a system of processors connected in a hierarchical network.
Wildfire is a voice-activated personal assistant, with a personality.
Wildfire is already a major concern as dry conditions persist throughout the state.
Wildfire is an homage to the men and women who fight fires.
Wildfire is any unplanned fire.
Wildfire is as destructive today as it was in early times.
Wildfire is filled with the sort of awe-inspiring statistics that accompany any natural disaster.
Wildfire is here.
Wildfire is of little consequence.
Wildfire is rare, but landslides and avalanches occur abundantly.
Wildfire is the term used for an uncontrolled fire fuelled by natural vegetation.
Wildfire is virtually immortal.
Wildfire isa happening.
Wildfire isa occurrence.
Wildfire occurs only during drought periods.
Wildfire offers an assistant that helps with e-mail, telephones, and maintaining contacts.
Wildfire places a premium on offering guests the finest playing conditions agronomically possible.
Wildfire stands alone as the only carrier-grade personal assistant available today.
Wildfire waits a predetermined time for any given mechanism motion.
Wildfires affect habitats.
Wildfires affect most areas of the U.S. with wildlands.
Wildfires affect natural and human systems.
Wildfires also benefit wildlife.
Wildfires are a fundamental ecological process.
Wildfires are a major concern in the mountain areas throughout Colorado.
Wildfires are a substantial risk.
Wildfires are almost nonexistent.
Wildfires are an important part of the reproductive cycle for some species.
Wildfires are another natural event that can be managed to restore forest health.
Wildfires are both bad news and good news.
Wildfires are burning.
Wildfires are common and prevent trees from growing .
Wildfires are common and prevent trees from growing.
Wildfires are common.
Wildfires are essential to maintaining the health of many of the world's ecosystems.
Wildfires are frequent events.
Wildfires are frequent.
Wildfires are hazards.
Wildfires are infrequent in the wet or saturated habitats that bog cranberry generally occupies.
Wildfires are just one of the many problems resulting from Florida's record-breaking drought.
Wildfires are likely.
Wildfires are more difficult to control once large fuels are ignited.
Wildfires are more prevalent in the event of a drought.
Wildfires are natural, and beneficial, to wilderness.
Wildfires are no more lethal than historical, but less frequent, and much larger when they happen.
Wildfires are one example, but the real threat is more likely related to human health and welfare.
Wildfires are part of the endless cycle of change in forests and grasslands.
Wildfires are rare.
Wildfires are the most common in the relatively arid Northern Rocky Mountains.
Wildfires become more frequent within stands containing high amounts of salt cedar.
Wildfires burn dead and living vegetation that accumulates on the surface of the soil.
Wildfires burn out of control around the landmark Hollywood sign.
Wildfires burn uncontrollably across Mexico, destroying rare plants and animals.
Wildfires burn uncounted millions of hectares of African savannah each year.
Wildfires can also lead to destructive debris-flow activity.
Wildfires can also threaten people's homes and destroy wildlife habitat.
Wildfires can begin under many circumstances.
Wildfires can burn at almost any time in Colorado.
Wildfires can occur anywhere that fuel exists and weather conditions are right.
Wildfires can quickly consume forests across vast tracts.
Wildfires can result from natural occurrences such as lightning strikes or from human activity.
Wildfires cause destruction.
Wildfires cause fast nutrient recycling.
Wildfires cause injuries.
Wildfires cause thousands of dollars in damage each year, and threaten lives, homes and businesses.
Wildfires clear the land and put nutrients back into the soil.
Wildfires continue to rage across the Western United States.
Wildfires continue to rage out west in the hot, dry air.
Wildfires continue to threaten homes in rural Florida.
Wildfires continue to threaten important archaeology sites.
Wildfires destroy hundreds of thousands of acres of woodlands and open ranges annually.
Wildfires destroy structures.
Wildfires devastate parts of Southern California.
Wildfires happen everywhere.
Wildfires happen in the taiga.
Wildfires leave ranchers with blackened acres and management questions.
Wildfires occur both on private and government property.
Wildfires occur every year.
Wildfires occur frequently.
Wildfires occur in every month of the year, but are most prevalent in the spring and late summer.
Wildfires occur often in grasslands.
Wildfires occur on every continent except Antarctica.
Wildfires play an important role in keeping grasslands open and free of trees and shrubs.
Wildfires pose a danger all year but especially in the drier winter and spring seasons.
Wildfires pose serious hazards to human populations and to natural resources.
Wildfires provide opportunity.
Wildfires release a great deal of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere.
Wildfires release greenhouse gases, such as methane, carbon monoxide, and carbon dioxide.
Wildfires release nutrients to the soil, weed out weak trees, and reset the successional clock.
Wildfires See the effects that wildfires have on the environment.
Wildfires start when there is a build up of burnable material.
Wildfires typically create a mosaic pattern of burned and unburned vegetation on the landscape.
Wildfires often begin unnoticed and they spread quickly.
Wildfires often begin unnoticed.
Wildfires often destroy rare dry land native plants.
Wildfires often occur .
Wildfires often occur.
Wildfires often put livestock and even human lives at risk.
Wildfires often result from passing thunderstorms, especially during summer months.
Most wildfires affect habitats.
Most wildfires are well away from cities and towns.
Most wildfires cause destruction.
Most wildfires cause injuries.
Most wildfires destroy structures.
Most wildfires occur in the spring when weather conditions allow the forest to dry out quickly.
Most wildfires provide opportunity.
Some wildfires alter desert landscapes.
Some wildfires alter landscapes.
Some wildfires are probable.
Some wildfires cause mortality.
Some wildfires destroy communities.
Some wildfires eliminate juniper.
Some wildfires eliminate rocky mountain juniper.
Some wildfires lead to death.
Wildflower gardens provide functions.
Wildflower gardens provide same functions.
Wildflower gardeners use methods.
Wildflower seeds have effects.
A wildflower is a plant
A wildflower is a seed plant
Wildflower anticipates construction to take two to three months.
Wildflower is a cozy home setting with a nice play yard and a wonderful group of families.
Wildflower is a deep collection of some of the best intellectual new sci-fi in years.
Wildflower is a light honey, similar in taste to clover honey.
Wildflower is a well-known event nationwide among athletes and spectators.
Wildflower is one of the more difficult and challenging races known.
Wildflower isa angiosperm.
Wildflower isa plant.
Wildflower offers large home sites that include the many amenities of the Columbus area.
Wildflowers abound along all three.
Wildflowers abound along both trails.
Wildflowers abound along the clifftops, particularly cowslips, wild violets, and knapweed.
Wildflowers abound antebellum home in serving a six guest rooms with private festival country.
Wildflowers abound at Pinnacles.
Wildflowers abound in late spring and summer.
Wildflowers abound in Spring, adding to the atmosphere of the scenic drive.
Wildflowers abound in the area's oak woodlands, savanna, wetlands and bluff prairies.
Wildflowers abound in the fields and woodlands of the area.
Wildflowers abound in the fields and woodlands of the till plains.
Wildflowers abound in the lower meadows throughout the summer and into the fall.
Wildflowers abound in the Spring and Fall.
Wildflowers abound in the spring and some, like the dasies cover whole fields.
Wildflowers abound in the spring when the trail is used for fishing, hiking and horseback purposes.
Wildflowers abound in the spring.
Wildflowers abound in the understory and demand close inspection.
Wildflowers abound on the hillsides.
Wildflowers abound on the nature walk.
Wildflowers abound throughout the range.
Wildflowers abound to the naturalists' and photographers' delight.
Wildflowers adapt to regions.
Wildflowers add a changing mosaic of color spring through fall.
Wildflowers add interest and beauty to any landscape.
Wildflowers add splashes of colour to many areas in late winter and spring.
Wildflowers add to the dance of color throughout spring, summer and fall.
Wildflowers also abound in our area.
Wildflowers also add their color during the growing season.
Wildflowers also grow well in temperate grasslands.
Wildflowers also provide natural areas that are low-maintenance and water efficient.
Wildflowers are a bonus to any backpacker.
Wildflowers are a feature in the springtime.
Wildflowers are a sight to see in the natural areas.
Wildflowers are a very important part of the web of life.
Wildflowers are abundant along the trail, as are birds.
Wildflowers are abundant around vernal pools.
Wildflowers are abundant during spring and summer, and autumn colors are vibrant.
Wildflowers are abundant during the spring and summer months.
Wildflowers are abundant in mid-summer and views of peaks are outstanding.
Wildflowers are abundant in spring.
Wildflowers are abundant on many trails, coursing through fertile valleys.
Wildflowers are abundant, and there is ample opportunity for picture taking and strolling.
Wildflowers are abundant, especially in the fall.
Wildflowers are abundant.
Wildflowers are advantageous in the garden for more reasons than their beauty.
Wildflowers are also easy to grow, with a natural resistance to pests, disease and tough climates.
Wildflowers are also part of the m lange.
Wildflowers are an important component of the grassland association of the parkland.
Wildflowers are an important part of Texas' heritage.
Wildflowers are angiosperms.
Wildflowers are as varied as the terrain and woodlands.
Wildflowers are at their best for the next six weeks.
Wildflowers are at their best in early summer, especially along the first portion of the trail.
Wildflowers are beautiful during spring and summer months.
Wildflowers are beautiful here during the spring and summer months.
Wildflowers are beautiful throughout the summer and fall.
Wildflowers are best in spring.
Wildflowers are common throughout the park, particularly in spring and fall.
Wildflowers are easy from seed.
Wildflowers are easy if in a favorable site.
Wildflowers are everywhere - at least by desert standards.
Wildflowers are everywhere.
Wildflowers are flowers.
Wildflowers are good here in spring and summer with aspen colors in fall.
Wildflowers are here.
Wildflowers are ideal for a more natural, less formal appearance.
Wildflowers are important to the tourist industry in Central Texas.
Wildflowers are in abundance, and camps are fresh and grass is ready for the stock.
Wildflowers are in bloom.
Wildflowers are increasingly important due to major losses of natural wildflower landscape.
Wildflowers are located in countrysides.
Wildflowers are located in fields.
Wildflowers are loveliest in Galilee and grow beyond the shoreline of pebbles and shells.
Wildflowers are natural subjects for the camera because they are so beautiful.
Wildflowers are numerous in early summer.
Wildflowers are plants which grow without human intervention.
Wildflowers are pleasing to look at in addition to their value for birds.
Wildflowers are plentiful during spring.
Wildflowers are plentiful in early summer.
Wildflowers are plentiful in the spring.
Wildflowers are plentiful, including spring beauty, goldenrod, asters, and others.
Wildflowers are probably the easiest to find because they grow everywhere.
Wildflowers are probably the simplest flowers to grow from seed.
Wildflowers are profuse and the temperature is cooler.
Wildflowers are spectacular in the spring.
Wildflowers are spectacular.
Wildflowers are the source of all cultivated garden varieties of flowers.
Wildflowers are the stars, but there s much more than pretty images.
Wildflowers are the stars, but there's much more than pretty images.
Wildflowers are throughout.
Wildflowers are wonderful, though some going by.
Wildflowers attract attention.
Wildflowers attract birds.
Wildflowers attract butterflies and a variety of regional and migratory birds.
Wildflowers attract butterflies and provide a place for wildlife to live.
Wildflowers attract butterflies.
Wildflowers attract hummingbirds.
Wildflowers become brown weeds in the summer sun.
Wildflowers begin to bloom in the valleys during late spring.
Wildflowers begin to emerge in the hardwood forest in late winter.
Wildflowers begin to poke through the forest floor almost as soon as the snow is gone.
Wildflowers blanket the Cornish clifftops.
Wildflowers blanket the park meadows and forest floor for most of the summer.
Wildflowers bloom along the paths.
Wildflowers bloom along the trail and a variety of songbirds flit overhead.
Wildflowers bloom every day of the year in our area.
Wildflowers bloom from spring through late summer in various parts of the park.
Wildflowers bloom in abundance during Montana's short summers.
Wildflowers bloom in abundance.
Wildflowers bloom in all seasons.
Wildflowers bloom in early spring when the sun reaches the forest floor.
Wildflowers bloom in habitats.
Wildflowers bloom in profusion, and the night skies sparkle with countless stars.
Wildflowers bloom in profusion, especially during the summer rains.
Wildflowers bloom in regions.
Wildflowers bloom in spectacular variety when enough rain falls during the winter.
Wildflowers bloom in spectacular variety when enough rain falls.
Wildflowers bloom in spring sunshine but fade when the trees leaf out, darkening the forest floor.
Wildflowers bloom in spring, and summer is terrific for swimming.
Wildflowers bloom in spring, if rain has fallen.
Wildflowers bloom in summer abundance.
Wildflowers bloom in the spring and fall.
Wildflowers bloom in the spring.
Wildflowers bloom in vary habitats.
Wildflowers bloom late and disappear early here, thriving in wet open areas.
Wildflowers bloom late and disappear early here, thriving in wet, open areas.
Wildflowers bloom on coastal mountain side meadows before dropping dramatically into the Pacific.
Wildflowers bloom profusely and butterflies and dragonflies flutter about in the crisp clear air.
Wildflowers bloom seasonally.
Wildflowers bloom throughout the area surrounding the lake adding to it's beauty.
Wildflowers bloom throughout the park.
Wildflowers blooming for most of the year add beauty to the majestic scenery.
Wildflowers blossom and wilt, their petals dropping to the forest floor.
Wildflowers bring in the wildlife.
Wildflowers bring in wildlife.
Wildflowers burst out in the higher elevations.
Wildflowers can appear almost anywhere - seasons vary depending on the areas visited and year.
Wildflowers can be beautiful at that time of year.
Wildflowers can be beautiful.
Wildflowers carpet broad meadows near each end of the trail.
Wildflowers carpet the grassy slope above the river.
Wildflowers Click on an image for more description.
Wildflowers Click on the small thumb nail print to view a larger image.
Wildflowers come alive in the spring, painting entire hillsides in shades of purple, yellow and red.
Wildflowers continue blooming throughout the year, especially in the higher elevations.
Wildflowers continue to bloom in the fall.
Wildflowers cover the hillside, which slopes down to a well-protected green with three big bunkers.
Wildflowers cover the open areas around the rock outcrops that line the ridge.
Wildflowers cradle a silent farm implement a quarter-mile north of Hanover Junction.
Wildflowers create a spectrum of color during the blooming season.
Wildflowers crowd the road in late summer.
Wildflowers decorate the rolling green meadows and lush ferns and moss carpet the forest floors.
Wildflowers decorate the sides of the trail in open areas.
Wildflowers dot meadows and glades.
Wildflowers dot the coppery soil.
Wildflowers dot the landscape in soft hues of pink, purple, blue and white.
Wildflowers dot the trail in season and an occasional grouse diverts hikers.
Wildflowers drop seeds.
Wildflowers exhibit higher spring germination when planted in fall.
Wildflowers feature blue flowers.
Wildflowers feature flowers.
Wildflowers flourish in the forests and fields.
Wildflowers follow the snow line into the high country.
Wildflowers generally don t choke out anything, except themselves when they are planted too heavily.
Wildflowers grace meadows and glades.
Wildflowers grace the nature trails in the area's many parks.
Wildflowers grow best in soils of low fertility where nitrogen levels are low.
Wildflowers grow in abundance in the hedgerows, on the moorlands and close to the sea.
Wildflowers grow in abundance through cracks in broken asphalt and concrete.
Wildflowers grow in abundance.
Wildflowers grow in areas.
Wildflowers grow in grassland.
Wildflowers grow in habitats.
Wildflowers grow in high mountain habitats.
Wildflowers grow in profusion and bring brilliant color to the verdant hills and valleys.
Wildflowers grow in profusion, providing a changing tapestry of color throughout the year.
Wildflowers grow in states.
Wildflowers grow in temperate grassland.
Wildflowers grow naturally without much pampering.
Wildflowers grow on the hills to the left of the trail in the springtime.
Wildflowers grow under conditions.
Wildflowers grow under harsh conditions.
Wildflowers growing through cracks in the walls look like hanging gardens.
Wildflowers has a host of unique and original one of a kind gifts for all occasions.
Wildflowers have (part) blossoms.
Wildflowers have (part) carpels.
Wildflowers have (part) cell membranes.
Wildflowers have (part) cells.
Wildflowers have (part) corpi.
Wildflowers have (part) cytoplasm.
Wildflowers have (part) flowers.
Wildflowers have (part) nuclei.
Wildflowers have (part) ovaries.
Wildflowers have (part) perianths.
Wildflowers have (part) plasma membranes.
Wildflowers have (part) sections.
Wildflowers have (part) stamens.
Wildflowers have (part) vacuoles.
Wildflowers have outer petals.
Wildflowers have pale petals.
Wildflowers have petals.
Wildflowers have to be, since they have to take care of themselves.
Wildflowers have yellow petals.
Wildflowers here attract photographers from around the world.
Wildflowers hide in the debris and shadows of the wood's floor as well as the open meadow areas.
Wildflowers is on release now.
Wildflowers literally carpet the mountain meadows in summer.
Wildflowers look especially pretty on the frames.
Wildflowers make great borders along fences.
Wildflowers make spring a good time for a visit.
Wildflowers normally grow well in average soil and don t require fertilizer.
Wildflowers occur in meadows.
Wildflowers offer low-maintenance beauty for our Southern landscapes.
Wildflowers paint vibrant colors in fields and along roadsides.
Wildflowers practice nights pg.
Wildflowers practice swim pg.
Wildflowers prefer the lush, damp meadows.
Wildflowers proliferate throughout spring, summer and fall.
Wildflowers proliferate, and flowering shrubs include laurel, rhododendron, and flame azalea.
Wildflowers respond to the amount of moisture during winter.
Wildflowers serve as natural groundcover throughout the park.
Wildflowers serves as a beginning field guide to the plant life of North America.
Wildflowers splash the hills with color in the spring and the lavender lupine is the most common.
Wildflowers spread broadly across the plains.
Wildflowers spread themselves across meadows and bird songs interrupted the noontime silence.
Wildflowers support pollinators.
Wildflowers -These forums cover both native plants and wildflower habitats.
Wildflowers thrive in the moist, wooded conditions of the park.
Wildflowers venture into the sunlight.
Wildflowers often look a little ragged once they've gone to seed.
All wildflowers are broad leaf.
All wildflowers are nursery-propagated.
Every wildflower has a story to tell.
Many wildflowers are actually invasive weeds.
Many wildflowers are ephemeral, completing their life cycle very rapidly.
Many wildflowers are perennials.
Many wildflowers bloom year-round, such as the sticky monkey flower at left.
Many wildflowers do best in loam soils.
Many wildflowers dot the rugged terrain.
Many wildflowers have specific soil requirements.
Many wildflowers prefer to be planted or seeded in the fall.
Most wildflowers actually prefer low fertility and many are drought tolerant.
Most wildflowers adapt to regions.
Most wildflowers are annuals.
Most wildflowers attract attention.
Most wildflowers attract birds.
Most wildflowers attract butterflies.
Most wildflowers attract hummingbirds.
Most wildflowers bloom in habitats.
Most wildflowers bloom in regions.
Most wildflowers bloom in vary habitats.
Most wildflowers do well in poor soil.
Most wildflowers drop seeds.
Most wildflowers feature blue flowers.
Most wildflowers feature flowers.
Most wildflowers grow in areas.
Most wildflowers grow in grassland.
Most wildflowers grow in habitats.
Most wildflowers grow in high mountain habitats.
Most wildflowers grow in states.
Most wildflowers grow in temperate grassland.
Most wildflowers grow under conditions.
Most wildflowers grow under harsh conditions.
Most wildflowers have outer petals.
Most wildflowers have pale petals.
Most wildflowers have petals.
Most wildflowers have yellow petals.
Most wildflowers occur in meadows.
Most wildflowers prefer full sunlight and good drainage for best results.
Most wildflowers require a great deal of sunshine.
Most wildflowers support pollinators.
Some wildflowers adapt to lawns.
Some wildflowers are available individually in larger pots, at a higher cost.
Some wildflowers are edible, some are fragrant, most make it on their own without human assistance.
Some wildflowers bloom in parks.
Some wildflowers consist of basal leaves.
Some wildflowers consist of leaves.
Some wildflowers do fine in poor soils while others require a more fertile environment.
Some wildflowers find in open woodlands.
Some wildflowers find in woodlands.
Some wildflowers grow in dense mats.
Some wildflowers grow in mats.
Some wildflowers tolerate drought.
Wildfowl are plentiful and varied.
Wildfowl hides .
Wildfowl is a bird
Wildgoose publications is a British source for reproduction maps of nice quality.
Wildlife agents are often an incredibly poor source of accurate info.
Wildlife animals shake heads.
Wildlife areas offer nature study in marshes and sand dunes.
Wildlife art is a big hit with our visitors.
Wildlife art is on exhibit in an indoor gallery.
Wildlife art is one of man's earliest art forms, dating back to prehistoric cave paintings.
Wildlife art is their passion.
Wildlife artist discovers a dead body, the apparent victim of a wolf attack.
Some wildlife artists try to show detailed anatomy of the animal.
Wildlife biologist use the boat platform to perform nearshore seabird surveys.
Wildlife biologists are primary hired by federal and state agencies.
Wildlife biologists are professionals who work within the broader field of wildlife management.
Wildlife biologists believe that all the young bats are being killed by the brown tree snake.
Wildlife biologists believe that woodcock have several migration routes.
Wildlife biologists believe there are currently about one million bears roaming North America.
Wildlife biologists can determine a bear's age by removing a small tooth.
Wildlife biologists can help with forest, grassland, wetland and stream habitat projects.
Wildlife biologists consider wolves one of the easiest species to manage.
Wildlife biologists evaluate a geothermal plant's effect on local animal life.
Wildlife biologists evaluate effects.
Wildlife biologists examine quality.
Wildlife biologists manage deer numbers through the harvest of antlerless deer.
Wildlife biologists play a vital role in providing education and recommendations.
Wildlife biologists recognize importance.
Wildlife biologists say most moose are trying to find winter road salt to lick.
Wildlife biologists say that predators play a crucial role in healthy ecosystems.
Wildlife biologists study animals within their environments or in relationship to humans.
Wildlife biologists study characteristics.
Wildlife biologists study wildlife.
Wildlife biologists suggest taking down bird feeders when the snow melts.
Wildlife biologists understand complex interaction.
Wildlife biologists understand ecological interaction.
Wildlife biologists understand interaction.
Wildlife biologists use a variety of sampling gears.
Wildlife biologists work to preserve the habitat of various animal species.
Wildlife biologists work with animals.
Wildlife biologists work with nocturnal animals.
Most wildlife biologists evaluate effects.
Most wildlife biologists examine quality.
Most wildlife biologists recognize importance.
Most wildlife biologists study characteristics.
Most wildlife biologists understand complex interaction.
Most wildlife biologists understand ecological interaction.
Most wildlife biologists understand interaction.
Most wildlife biologists work with animals.
Most wildlife biologists work with nocturnal animals.
Some wildlife biologists help make and implement laws and regulations for protecting wildlife.
Some wildlife biologists monitor ocelots.
Some wildlife biologists recognize roles.
Some wildlife biologists see opportunity.
Some wildlife biologists use satellite transmitters.
Some wildlife biologists use transmitters.
Some wildlife biologists work for agencies.
Some wildlife biologists work for state government agencies.
Some wildlife biologists work in fields.
Wildlife biology is a multi-disciplinary approach to the study of wild animals and their habitats.
Wildlife biology is also excellent preparation for veterinary school.
Wildlife biology is the study of wild vertebrate animals, their habitats and their environment.
Wildlife centres offer services.
Wildlife conservation aims to halt the loss of species.
Wildlife conservation is a classic example.
Wildlife conservation is a shared responsibility between the federal and provincial governments.
Wildlife conservation is as important as ever.
Wildlife conservation is conducted in the national and state parks and wilderness areas.
Some wildlife conservation becomes crisis management.
Some wildlife conservation becomes management.
Wildlife experts see causes.
Wildlife experts solve endure mysteries.
Wildlife experts solve mysteries.
Wildlife extinction has impact.
Wildlife extinction has large impact.
Wildlife gardening means wild wealth from turtles and toads to frogs and salamanders.
Wildlife habitat adds difficulty and aesthetics.
Wildlife habitat includes brush piles, deadfalls, dense brush, and the pond.
Wildlife habitat includes food, cover and water within the range of a species.
Wildlife habitat includes water, food, cover, and space .
Wildlife habitat is a function that is common to all natural areas.
Wildlife habitat is a valued attribute of productive rangelands.
Wildlife habitat is an essential part of Vermont's heritage and character.
Wildlife habitat is another kind of home.
Wildlife habitat is chewed up, and the sounds of wilderness obliterated.
Wildlife habitat is destroyed.
Wildlife habitat is essential to the future of hunting.
Wildlife habitat is good.
Wildlife habitat is improved with a rotational system versus a continuously grazed pasture.
Wildlife habitat is improved.
Wildlife habitat is more than just a simple range area of so many acres.
Wildlife habitat is protected and even enhanced.
Wildlife habitat is provided and often managed cooperatively with federal, state, or local partners.
Wildlife habitat is simply the place or home where wildlife live.
Wildlife habitats contain food plots, shrubs and nut seedings for wildlife.
Wildlife habitats destroyed by reservoirs can be especially valuable.
Wildlife management based on emotion is poor wildlife management.
Wildlife management can include game keeping , wildlife conservation and pest control .
Wildlife management can include game keeping, wildlife conservation and pest control.
Wildlife management can include sustainable land use and conservation in the region.
Wildlife management considers all species of wildlife, beyond game and socially important species.
Wildlife management deals with habitat manipulation.
Wildlife management depends on populations, whereas restoration and recovery depends on individuals.
Wildlife management enters new phase in Africa.
Wildlife management has a rich history that traditionally focused mainly on game species.
Wildlife management is a cooperative business.
Wildlife management is a cooperative effort.
Wildlife management is a provincial-territorial responsibility.
Wildlife management is an agricultural use under the law.
Wildlife management is concerned with the tragic decline of wildlife caused by human activity.
Wildlife management is definitely a part of that program.
Wildlife management is important to the tribal members.
Wildlife management is more effective when a wide range of actions are available to managers.
Wildlife management is more than following government regulations - it's essential.
Wildlife management is the main focus of our efforts, but many sportsmen enjoy our products.
Wildlife management is work.
Wildlife management is, therefore, an important function of Colorado state government.
Wildlife management means, for the most part, managing population levels.
Wildlife management offers many exciting career possibilities.
Wildlife management relies heavily on ecology and ecology is a numerical science.
All wildlife management involves some form of lethal research, and that includes whales.
Wildlife managers use techniques.
Wildlife observation has no closed seasons or bag limits.
Wildlife observation is one of six FWS priority uses approved for refuges.
Wildlife observation is popular in the nearby area.
Wildlife observation is the main public use activity.
Wildlife observation requires patience and quiet.
Wildlife officers are cops just as much as police are.
Wildlife officers come to conclusions.
Wildlife officers enforce wildlife laws and protect native Ohio wildlife.
Wildlife officers have assignments.
Wildlife officers relocate a bear the first time it crosses people's paths.
Wildlife officers use a number of tools to keep hunters honest.
Most wildlife officers come to conclusions.
Most wildlife officers have assignments.
Wildlife park includes foxes, otters, and alligators.
Wildlife photographers capture animals.
Wildlife photographers shoot photographs of wild animals in their natural surroundings.
Most wildlife photographers capture animals.
Wildlife photography can include caribou and musk oxen.
Wildlife photography demands patience and perseverance.
Wildlife photography demonstrates the life of animals.
Wildlife photography is a physically and intellectually challenging activity.
Wildlife photography is a powerful tool in the effort for conservation.
Wildlife photography is an extremely rewarding, but competitive, field.
Wildlife photography is another opportunity.
Wildlife photography is very difficult.
Wildlife preservation is also part of Meadow Park's purpose.
Wildlife preserves come in all sizes.
Wildlife protection is the responsibility of villagers living near the park.
Wildlife protection remains a major focus as well.
Wildlife refuges are also excellent sites for wildlife viewing.
Wildlife rehabilitation becomes a way of life.
Wildlife rehabilitation is a difficult business.
Wildlife rehabilitation is an evolving science.
Wildlife rehabilitation is very difficult.
Wildlife rehabilitation requires more than concern for animal welfare.
Wildlife rescue is no different.
Wildlife safari can offer the most unique setting in Oregon.
Wildlife sanctuaries are abundant and all of the major wildlife organizations have a presence here.
Wildlife sanctuaries are all remote former hunting grounds of local rulers.
Wildlife sanctuaries are also a home to a variety of feathered species both domestic and migratory.
Wildlife sanctuaries have animals.
Wildlife sanctuaries have numerous wild animals.
Wildlife sanctuaries have wild animals.
Most wildlife sanctuaries have animals.
Most wildlife sanctuaries have numerous wild animals.
Most wildlife sanctuaries have wild animals.
Wildlife shows require only a small staff.
Wildlife species abound, as do indigenous serpentine plants.
Wildlife species are also at risk.
Wildlife species are diverse and include mule deer and cougar.
Wildlife species are typical of the Ozarks, and armadillos also live here.
Wildlife species come and wildlife species go.
Wildlife species impacted include mule deer, antelope and sage grouse.
Wildlife species including raccoons, squirrels, opossums, foxes, bears and turkeys eat the fruit.
Wildlife species known to live here include mule deer, black bear, elk, coyotes and mountain lions.
Wildlife species living here include pronghorn, coyote, rabbits, bats, ground squirrels and mice.
Wildlife species possess benefits of enormous although often unquantifiable value.
Wildlife species show a wide range in sensitivity to toxic chemicals.
All wildlife species are threatened by the crisis.
All wildlife species require a certain type of habitat in which to live and reproduce.
Many wildlife species are charismatic and have high public visibility.
Many wildlife species are dependent on habitat conditions across large land areas.
Many wildlife species are dependent upon taller grass to complete their life-cycle.
Many wildlife species are important commercially for food, clothing and medicines.
Many wildlife species associate with prairie dogs.
Many wildlife species call the dense canopy and understory of scrub oak and blueberry bushes home.
Many wildlife species coexist with humans very successfully.
Many wildlife species depend on aquatic resources.
Many wildlife species depend on nut crops each year for fall and winter food sources.
Many wildlife species depend upon insect and disease organisms for food or for creation of habitat.
Many wildlife species find the park's varied habitats suitable.
Many wildlife species rely heavily on their ability to hear for survival.
Many wildlife species rely on large unbroken forests.
Many wildlife species require a mosaic of woody and grassland vegetation.
Many wildlife species travel great distances through a variety of habitats.
Many wildlife species use apple trees for food - from mice to deer, from songbirds to turkeys.
Many wildlife species use various karst features for habitat.
Most wildlife species have the potential of becoming pests.
Some wildlife species can tolerate disturbance.
Some wildlife species remain on the verge of extinction.
Wildlife trade threatens species the world over through over exploitation.
Wildlife vets recommend treatments.
Most wildlife vets recommend treatments.
Wildlife watching can be an exciting, lifelong pastime.
Wildlife watching includes wading birds and nesting bald eagles and osprey.
Wildlife watching is a year-round activity.
Wildlife watching is a year-round adventure.
Wildlife watching is an exciting experience.
Wildlife watching is an exciting treat.
Wildlife abound on the ranch with antelope, deer and an occasional elk.
Wildlife abound on the site, including moose, deer and black bear.
Wildlife abounds - everything from orcas to shorebirds.
Wildlife abounds - shorebirds, eagles, otters, seals and occasionally whales swim past.
Wildlife abounds all around beautiful scenery.
Wildlife abounds all around the park and can be seen from literally every section of the path.
Wildlife abounds along the river.
Wildlife abounds along the shores of Tampa Bay.
Wildlife abounds and includes pine martens, otters and red deer.
Wildlife abounds and sightings are common.
Wildlife abounds and there are many footpaths and bridleways to explore.
Wildlife abounds and there's the chance to see many species in their natural habitat.
Wildlife abounds and water comes into play on many holes.
Wildlife abounds and wild flowers grow in extravagant profusion.
Wildlife abounds and wildflowers line the roadsides in spring and summer.
Wildlife abounds at the academy.
Wildlife abounds at the country parks and nature reserves.
Wildlife abounds at the course.
Wildlife abounds especially birds.
Wildlife abounds everywhere.
Wildlife abounds from the low hardwoods to the upland oak, hickory, and pines.
Wildlife abounds here in a freshwater ecosystem of saw grass marsh and tree islands.
Wildlife abounds here in a freshwater ecosystem of sawgrass marsh and tree islands.
Wildlife abounds here in the natural hammock and marsh areas.
Wildlife abounds here making wildlife viewing unsurpassed.
Wildlife abounds here with countless seabirds, foxes, stone martens, bats, large snakes and lizards.
Wildlife abounds here with yellow-eyed penguin, fur seals, elephant seals and dolphins.
Wildlife abounds here, so be sure to keep a watchful eye.
Wildlife abounds here.
Wildlife abounds in our area.
Wildlife abounds in our forest and tundra.
Wildlife abounds in the air, on the ground and in the sea.
Wildlife abounds in the area.
Wildlife abounds in the dense vegetation.
Wildlife abounds in the forest.
Wildlife abounds in the form of birds and maybe a crocodile or two.
Wildlife abounds in the many forests, rivers, lakes, and streams.
Wildlife abounds in the mountains that are intermingled with pine, spruce, birch, and aspen trees.
Wildlife abounds in the narrows and along the river.
Wildlife abounds in the park.
Wildlife abounds in the region and it's called the Moose River for good reason.
Wildlife abounds in the rugged wilderness.
Wildlife abounds in the smooth bay waters, broad mudflats, and wet diked meadows.
Wildlife abounds in the surrounding lands owned by the city, especially around Upper Girard Lake.
Wildlife abounds in the western forests, including elk, moose, bear, squirrels, and birds.
Wildlife abounds including wild horse herds, antelope, deer and beaver.
Wildlife abounds on land, in lagoons and in the ocean.
Wildlife abounds on the course and hotel property.
Wildlife abounds on the island and in the surrounding crystal clear water.
Wildlife abounds on the land and in the sea.
Wildlife abounds on the prairie, including buffalo.
Wildlife abounds on the property and a tidal marsh offers world class birdwatching.
Wildlife abounds on the property.
Wildlife abounds on the ranch.
Wildlife abounds on the train route, including marmots, mule deer, elk and bighorn sheep.
Wildlife abounds the Oak Creek facility as it is managed to provide a quality hunting experience.
Wildlife abounds throughout the area, including red deer, ponies, falcons and buzzards.
Wildlife abounds throughout the park.
Wildlife abounds throughout the province - bear, deer, turkey, snakes, and forest birds.
Wildlife abounds throughout the woods.
Wildlife abounds whilst Kookaburras laugh and cicadas chirp on the banks of the river.
Wildlife abounds with a camping and picnic area located on the southeast edge.
Wildlife abounds with deer visiting the pond for a drink and frogs croaking their familiar tune.
Wildlife abounds with deer, elk, bear and more.
Wildlife abounds with deer, elk, eagles and loons.
Wildlife abounds with the eagle and raven keeping watch overhead.
Wildlife abounds within Botswana.
Wildlife abounds, and there are important reserves on the coast and within the county itself.
Wildlife abounds, and visitors frequently see squirrels, deer, and a variety of birds.
Wildlife abounds, and white tailed deer and red fox can be spotted in the fields.
Wildlife abounds, attracted by healthy habitats.
Wildlife abounds, from black bears to moose and deer, along with an occasional wolf pack.
Wildlife abounds, from mink and chickarees up to moose, bear and wolves.
Wildlife abounds, including deer, elk, moose, and black bear.
Wildlife abounds, including deer, fox and wild turkey.
Wildlife abounds, including eagles, deer, elk, wild turkeys, and huge rainbow trout.
Wildlife abounds, including eagles.
Wildlife abounds, including elk, deer, moose and an occasional bear or wolf.
Wildlife abounds, including elk, whitetail deer, muledeer, trout, gamebirds and turkeys.
Wildlife abounds, including several species of bats, salamanders, cave fish and insects.
Wildlife abounds, including wild turkey, raccoon, deer, opossum, and quail.
Wildlife abounds, the fishing is unparalleled, and spots of historic interest abound.
Wildlife abounds, with almost daily sightings of javelina, coyote, and deer .
Wildlife adapt well to wildfire .
Wildlife adds a lot to the trip for a sharp-eyed spectator.
Wildlife also abounds on the Gulf Islands.
Wildlife also benefit as birds come to bathe and animals drink.
Wildlife also benefits when using natives because of the food and shelter provided.
Wildlife also cross the road regularly throughout the park.
Wildlife also is abundant.
Wildlife also is better able to use wetlands vegetated with bulrush.
Wildlife also is found on the rock.
Wildlife also seeks the shelter that many plants render.
Wildlife also suffers in the event of an ice storm.
Wildlife also tends to be contentrated along the first two miles of the trail.
Wildlife also use the corridors to move through and around the city.
Wildlife appears out of nowhere both on the land and in the water.
Wildlife are a valued part of Anchorage life.
Wildlife are above our laws.
Wildlife are also at risk.
Wildlife are also important for medical purposes and for biomedical research.
Wildlife are also subject to some of the same diseases as domestic animals.
Wildlife are an important part of the ecology of Tibetan rangelands in many areas.
Wildlife are both captive and in the wild.
Wildlife are creatures of habit.
Wildlife are dangerous and unpredictable.
Wildlife are everywhere in Eastern Oregon.
Wildlife are extremely vulnerable right now as they've just come off a hard winter.
Wildlife are few.
Wildlife are free-roaming vertebrate animals.
Wildlife are in extreme danger.
Wildlife are indicators of the health of the environment.
Wildlife are masters of the greater part of the low belt.
Wildlife are most active at dawn or dusk when lighting is limited.
Wildlife are most active in the mornings and evenings to avoid the heat.
Wildlife are no longer the only victims of drive-by shootings.
Wildlife are on the shore and in the water.
Wildlife are reliable sentinels of effects of chemicals on human populations.
Wildlife are secretive and difficult to observe.
Wildlife are somewhat accustomed to seeing vehicles on the dikes.
Wildlife are still an important part of the Earth's life support system.
Wildlife are wary of humans.
Wildlife assist with diet preparation, animal care, and environmental enrichment.
Wildlife becomes active and visible along the shorelines.
Wildlife becomes dependant on people for food and stops looking for natural food.
Wildlife benefits too, as native plants tend to attract more of the local fauna.
Wildlife build up an immunity afterwards and domestic stock can live to see another day.
Wildlife can act as reservoirs for diseases that affect both livestock and humans.
Wildlife can aid in the dispersal of the seed, often relocating the plant over long distances.
Wildlife can also die from exposure.
Wildlife can also harbor and distribute the infective stages of migratory parasites.
Wildlife can be abundant in the openings.
Wildlife can be the highlight of any backpacking trip, but often luck is involved.
Wildlife can become dependent on human food, and even lose the ability to hunt.
Wildlife can carry diseases which can be transmitted to people.
Wildlife can carry parasites and diseases which can be transmitted to people.
Wildlife can cause injury.
Wildlife can get around the periferies.
Wildlife can never provide serious food for such a population.
Wildlife can potentially interfere with human activity.
Wildlife can sometimes come into conflict with commercial interests.
Wildlife can spread rabies, skin diseases, tuberculosis, distemper and respiratory problems.
Wildlife can start at a fly and finish at a whale.
Wildlife carry diseases that can pack an economic wallop if they jump to livestock.
Wildlife comes out of the high country and is more accessible for viewing.
Wildlife consists of bighorn sheep, coyotes, and other animals.
Wildlife consists of deer, moose, mink, otter and many birds.
Wildlife consists of reptiles, birds, and small and large mammals, .
Wildlife contains information on birds, marine mammals, fishes, and sea turtles.
Wildlife contribute no additional hues.
Wildlife covers everything from roadrunners and jackrabbits to mountain lions and bears.
Wildlife depend on native weed-seeds and fruits of shrubs for food.
Wildlife depend on the riparian zone for food, water, cover and shelter.
Wildlife depends on healthy habitats.
Wildlife depends on insects.
Wildlife designs to delicate floral patterns.
Wildlife draws in closer.
Wildlife draws visitors to the state for both hunting and viewing, and is, thus, an economic asset.
Wildlife eat the seeds, and florists prize the leathery foliage.
Wildlife eats fish.
Wildlife encounters, gourmet refreshments.
Wildlife face enough obstacles and hardships through nature and liberal harvest regulations.
Wildlife fills the forest and water.
Wildlife find abundant homes here including deer, elk, black bear, bobcat and lynx.
Wildlife find fruit as appealing as the home gardener.
Wildlife finds food and habitat and make their contribution to the cycles of life.
Wildlife flees our insensitivity as do people.
Wildlife flees the area when personal watercraft comes into the scene.
Wildlife flies, walks, slithers or swims.
Wildlife flourishes along the route.
Wildlife frequents the property to feed and take shelter under the large conifers.
Wildlife Get out and enjoy the natural wonders of Florida's wildlife and protect it.
Wildlife goes onto red alert when it is windy.
Wildlife greatly outnumbers human inhabitants.
Wildlife habitat improvement - British Columbia.
Wildlife Habitat the native environment of an animal.
Wildlife habitats in managed forests in the Blue Mountains of Oregon and Washington.
Wildlife habitats in managed forests, the Blue Mountains of Oregon and Washington.
Wildlife habitats in managed landscapes.
Wildlife habitats in trees, stumps, and underground.
Wildlife has (part) sections.
Wildlife has a legitimate place in stories on Africa.
Wildlife has economic and scientific value.
Wildlife has great ecological, social and economic importance.
Wildlife has little use for stumps.
Wildlife have access to radioactively contaminated water in drainage ponds near Rainier Mesa.
Wildlife have no way to defend themselves.
Wildlife have specific habitat requirements.
Wildlife have their own daily patterns and are instinctively afraid of humans.
Wildlife hear approaching danger at a frequency level far higher than humans.
Wildlife includes a large herd of deer that can be fed by hand.
Wildlife includes all fur-bearing animals, bats, snakes, and birds.
Wildlife includes all non-domesticated plants, animals and other organisms.
Wildlife includes anything from bears and cougars down to soil bacteria, and everything in between.
Wildlife includes anything from bears and cougars to soil bacteria, and everything in between.
Wildlife includes bear, cougar, elk, deer, and moose.
Wildlife includes bear, deer, and turkey.
Wildlife includes bear, moose, beaver, red fox and coyote.
Wildlife includes bears, beavers, deer, mink, and otters.
Wildlife includes bears, deer, mountain goats, porpoises, whales, and water fowl.
Wildlife includes beaver, moose, fox, rabbit, partridge, migratory birds and sometimes wild turkey.
Wildlife includes bighorn sheep and desert mule deer.
Wildlife includes black and brown bear.
Wildlife includes black bear and beaver.
Wildlife includes black bear and eagles.
Wildlife includes black bear and marten.
Wildlife includes black bear, bobcat, beaver and otter.
Wildlife includes black bear, deer and wild boar.
Wildlife includes black bear, elk, wolves, owls and more.
Wildlife includes black bear, marmot and marten.
Wildlife includes black bear, moose and deer.
Wildlife includes black bear.
Wildlife includes black bears, monkeys and antelopes.
Wildlife includes boar, European black bear, lynx, jackal, chamois, deer, fox, badger, and weasel.
Wildlife includes bobcats, coyotes, foxes, reptiles, and squirrels.
Wildlife includes brown and black bears, wolf, fox, and migrating caribou.
Wildlife includes brown bear black bear, sea mammals, ducks, geese and sea birds.
Wildlife includes brown bear, black bear, mountain goat, and swans.
Wildlife includes brown bear, waterfowl and shorebirds.
Wildlife includes brown bear, waterfowl, and shorebirds.
Wildlife includes caribou, grizzly bears, and eagles.
Wildlife includes deer and wild turkey.
Wildlife includes deer, antelope, wild pigeons, and tigers.
Wildlife includes deer, bear, turkey, grouse, squirrel, rabbit, raccoon and fox.
Wildlife includes deer, bears, mink, otters, squirrels and other small animals.
Wildlife includes deer, eagles and bear as well as the usual sea life.
Wildlife includes deer, elk, bear, bighorn sheep, and coyote.
Wildlife includes deer, foxes and boars.
Wildlife includes deer, golden eagles, and ptarmigan.
Wildlife includes deer, otter, moose, bear and wolf.
Wildlife includes deer, serow, macaques, dolphins, loris, porcupine, mongoose, linsang, and langur.
Wildlife includes deer, squirrel, turkey, beaver, and an occasional black bear.
Wildlife includes deer, turkey, bear and the occasional elk.
Wildlife includes deer, turkey, cougar, beaver, mink, and a wide variety of birds.
Wildlife includes deer, wild turkey and black bear.
Wildlife includes deer, wild turkey, black bear and snakes.
Wildlife includes deer, wild turkey, red-tailed hawks and bald eagles.
Wildlife includes deer, wild turkeys, and a variety of songbirds.
Wildlife includes deer, wild turkeys, bobcats, foxes, raccoons, porcupines, and rattlesnakes.
Wildlife includes desert rodents, hyena, gazelle, and wildcat.
Wildlife includes ducks, geese, blue heron, bald eagles and other raptors.
Wildlife includes eagles and bears.
Wildlife includes eagles, osprey, deer.
Wildlife includes elk, deer, brown bears and wolves.
Wildlife includes elk, deer, moose, black bear, cougar, mountain goats, and an occasional wolf.
Wildlife includes freshwater crocodiles, wallaroos and the rare black-footed wallaby.
Wildlife includes giant turtles, saltwater crocodiles, kangaroos and wallabies.
Wildlife includes gibbons, elephants, tapirs, pigs, deer and the occasional tiger.
Wildlife includes jaguar, deer, tapir, and numerous species of birds and reptiles.
Wildlife includes jaguars, badgers, wild turkeys, and migratory birds.
Wildlife includes many different species of insects, birds, and mammals both small and large.
Wildlife includes many threatened species including tigers and Asian elephants.
Wildlife includes marmots, mountain goats, and bears.
Wildlife includes monkeys, deer, iguanas, agoutis, large cats, andother mammals.
Wildlife includes moose and the endangered trumpeter swan.
Wildlife includes moose, bear, beaver, deer, loons and more.
Wildlife includes moose, bear, wolves, Dall sheep, mountain goats and grouse.
Wildlife includes moose, black bear brown bear, and waterfowl.
Wildlife includes moose, black bear, mountain goat, Dall sheep, ptarmigan, grouse, and marmot.
Wildlife includes moose, caribou, wolves, wolverine, ptarmigan, grouse and marmot.
Wildlife includes moose, Dall sheep and brown bears.
Wildlife includes moose, deer, bear, and abundant small game.
Wildlife includes moose, mountain goat, black bear, brown bear, and waterfowl.
Wildlife includes mountain goats, deer, elk, bighorn sheep, coyotes, eagles, grouse and partridges.
Wildlife includes mountain sheep, black and grizzly bear.
Wildlife includes mule deer, bighorn sheep, mountain lion, lizards and many small mammals and birds.
Wildlife includes mule deer, pronghorn antelope, cougar, coyote, rabbit etc.
Wildlife includes musk deer, leopard, black beer and ghoral.
Wildlife includes muskox, caribou, wolves, and many nesting and migratory birds.
Wildlife includes orca, humpack, and minke whales, grizzly, black and kermode bear.
Wildlife includes owls, bats and deer.
Wildlife includes Peary caribou, muskox, and arctic foxes.
Wildlife includes peccaries, coatimundies, and a plentiful supply of hungry black bears.
Wildlife includes pheasant, quail, turkey, and deer.
Wildlife includes pink dolphins, monkeys, birds, anaconda, white scorpions, etc.
Wildlife includes polar bear, Arctic wolf, Arctic fox, ermine, lemming, musk ox and caribou.
Wildlife includes prairie dogs, bison, elk, wild horses and badgers.
Wildlife includes rabbits, pheasants, deer, and boar.
Wildlife includes red deer, mountain hares and adders.
Wildlife includes red foxes, deer, turtles, snakes, salamanders and frogs.
Wildlife includes river otters, turtles, muskrats, wood ducks, rails and frogs.
Wildlife includes roadrunners, hawks, lizards, mice and squirrels.
Wildlife includes roe deer, red squirrels, wildcats, whooper swans, herons and crossbills.
Wildlife includes sea otters, eagles, puffins, porpoises, moose, mountain goats and whales.
Wildlife includes seals, puffins, oystercatchers, sea lions and sometimes whales.
Wildlife includes seals, sea lions, sea otters, gray, humpback, and blue whales.
Wildlife includes several hundred species of birds, lizards, snakes, and scorpions.
Wildlife includes small mammals such as squirrels, mink and raccoons.
Wildlife includes small woodland creatures such as skunks and raccoons.
Wildlife includes snow geese, egrets, herons and a large variety of wading, shore and song birds.
Wildlife includes squirrel, cottontail, turkey, deer, bobcat, raccoon, porcupine, and coyote.
Wildlife includes stone curlews, nightjars, woodlarks, long-eared long eared owls and red deer.
Wildlife includes the brush tailed rock wallaby.
Wildlife includes the desert elephant and black rhino.
Wildlife includes the island fox, deer and wild boar.
Wildlife includes the long-tailed weasel, wild pigs, brown pelicans, and other water birds.
Wildlife includes the tree kangaroo, wallaby, ring-tailed opossum, and bandicoot.
Wildlife includes whales, deer eagles, otters, seals and many birds.
Wildlife includes whales, deer, eagles, otter, seals, and many birds.
Wildlife includes white fox, caribou, seals, and a wide assortment of birds during the summer.
Wildlife includes white-tailed deer and wild turkeys.
Wildlife includes white-tailed deer, red fox, mink, owls, muskrat, birds and waterfowl.
Wildlife includes white-tailed deer, small mammals, birds, reptiles and amphibians.
Wildlife includes wild dog, musk deer and Himalayan black bear.
Wildlife includes wolf, caribou, lynx, marten, spruce grouse and snowshoe hare.
Wildlife includes wood ducks, songbirds, amphibians and an occasional glimpse of a reptile or two.
Wildlife includes wood ducks, songbirds, amphibians and an occasional glimpse of a reptile.
Wildlife includes, elk, bears, sheep, and birds.
Wildlife including black and grizzly bears, woodland caribou, moose, deer, and martens, abounds.
Wildlife including the spectacled bear, jaguar and mountain lion also frequent the area.
Wildlife induces leopard, baboon and various antelope.
Wildlife inhabit very large areas, making the cost of periodic treatments prohibitive.
Wildlife inhabiting the watershed include both resident and migratory species.
Wildlife is a big business in Colorado.
Wildlife is a common sight along our country roads.
Wildlife is a delight to see along the parkway.
Wildlife is a delight to see along the Parkway.
Wildlife is a direct threat to human well being.
Wildlife is a general term that usually has a postive meaning to most citizens.
Wildlife is a great example.
Wildlife is a little more difficult to view, especially the jaguar.
Wildlife is a major theme in the Naples area.
Wildlife is a part of our common wealth.
Wildlife is a precious national heritage and Kenya's leading tourist attraction.
Wildlife is a public trust on public land, a private trust on private land.
Wildlife is a real possibility.
Wildlife is a rule rather than an exception.
Wildlife is a speciality, with occasional sightings of foxes, badgers, mink, wildcats and otters.
Wildlife is a valuable natural resource.
Wildlife is a valuable resource in our watersheds.
Wildlife is abundant all year.
Wildlife is abundant along the river.
Wildlife is abundant along the trails.
Wildlife is abundant amidst the lush stands of pi on and juniper trees.
Wildlife is abundant and birdwatching is very popular.
Wildlife is abundant and birdwatching is very rewarding.
Wildlife is abundant and can be readily viewed from any of the parks numerous trails.
Wildlife is abundant and diverse, including pronghorn, mule deer, and white-tail deer.
Wildlife is abundant and in wide variety.
Wildlife is abundant and includes bears, wolves, moose, goats and deer.
Wildlife is abundant and photo opportunities endless.
Wildlife is abundant and sightings of deer, turkey, red-tailed hawks, and songbirds are common.
Wildlife is abundant and sightings of turkey, deer, hawks and turkey vultures are common.
Wildlife is abundant and sightings of wild turkey, deer, hawks and turkey vultures are common.
Wildlife is abundant and so is the whitewater.
Wildlife is abundant and the surrounding lakes are excellent for fishing and boating.
Wildlife is abundant and the waters are usually quiet.
Wildlife is abundant and thrives.
Wildlife is abundant and undisturbed.
Wildlife is abundant and varied.
Wildlife is abundant and visible for all to enjoy.
Wildlife is abundant around our area.
Wildlife is abundant around the lake.
Wildlife is abundant as are opportunities to explore the past.
Wildlife is abundant as well, including tons of bunnies, lizards and an occasional coyote.
Wildlife is abundant at both the peninsula and North Beach units.
Wildlife is abundant at the park.
Wildlife is abundant due to numerous woodlands, streams, and marshes.
Wildlife is abundant especially wading and shorebirds like egrets, herons and woodducks.
Wildlife is abundant here, and the fishing is good.
Wildlife is abundant here, as seen from the nature trails.
Wildlife is abundant here, herds of deer freely roam the grounds daily.
Wildlife is abundant here, though it takes an observant eye to see it.
Wildlife is abundant here.
Wildlife is abundant in Garfield County , and hunters come from around the country.
Wildlife is abundant in Jackson Hole.
Wildlife is abundant in our area and pheasant season brings many hunters from great distances.
Wildlife is abundant in the area.
Wildlife is abundant in the Highland Lakes area.
Wildlife is abundant in the park.
Wildlife is abundant in the region, with deer, antelope, elk, moose, grizzly and black bear.
Wildlife is abundant including eagles, otter, whales, deer, raccoons, squirrel and mink.
Wildlife is abundant including elk, deer, bear, moose, and beaver.
Wildlife is abundant including loons, deer, moose, and bear.
Wildlife is abundant on the island.
Wildlife is abundant on the ranch.
Wildlife is abundant throughout campus.
Wildlife is abundant throughout the area with large elk herds and many deer.
Wildlife is abundant throughout the park.
Wildlife is abundant throughout the region and includes moose, bear, elk, antelope, and many others.
Wildlife is abundant too, including kingfishers, herons, the rare red kite and even mink.
Wildlife is abundant with a large population of deer.
Wildlife is abundant with a large variety of species.
Wildlife is abundant with deer, bear, and turkey among the many animals in the area.
Wildlife is abundant with deer, turkey , cranes , and other animals.
Wildlife is abundant with deer, wild turkey, rabbits and birds of all types.
Wildlife is abundant with many species to be seen along the river.
Wildlife is abundant with wetland dependent species being the primary management concern.
Wildlife is abundant within the region.
Wildlife is abundant, although some of the larger species are diminishing in number.
Wildlife is abundant, and are the focal point of nearly all tourist attractions in the state.
Wildlife is abundant, and now is a great time for nature observation.
Wildlife is abundant, and the bear population is particularly healthy.
Wildlife is abundant, and the course has more than one resident alligator.
Wildlife is abundant, as are wildflowers in spring.
Wildlife is abundant, bird sighting is phenomenal and fishing is some of the best in Nepal.
Wildlife is abundant, especially birds.
Wildlife is abundant, excellent fishing and hiking.
Wildlife is abundant, including bison walking through campgrounds.
Wildlife is abundant, including elk, deer, bear, moose, and beaver.
Wildlife is abundant, particularilly in the winter months.
Wildlife is abundant, too.
Wildlife is abundant, watch for birds, deer and moose and listen for frogs in the mountain ponds.
Wildlife is abundant, with whales, dolphins, seals, birds and bears showing themselves constantly.
Wildlife is abundant, with wild turkeys, turtles, birds and, of course, the alligators.
Wildlife is abundant.
Wildlife is adaptable, more so than humans.
Wildlife is affected by global warming and severe weather.
Wildlife is affected by the environment.
Wildlife is all along the roads and sometimes on the roads creating bear jams or buffalo jams.
Wildlife is also abundant and frequently seen along the shoeline in quiet bays.
Wildlife is also abundant in Nine Mile Canyon.
Wildlife is also abundant in the area.
Wildlife is also abundant in the Skagit Valley.
Wildlife is also abundant on the island.
Wildlife is also abundant, such as waterfowl, turtles, frogs, alligators and snakes.
Wildlife is also abundant.
Wildlife is also aesthetically pleasing to most people.
Wildlife is also important to domestic tourists, and is an area of considerable economic potential.
Wildlife is also potentially dangerous.
Wildlife is always a delight to see along the parkway.
Wildlife is amazingly abundant.
Wildlife is an entirely new company.
Wildlife is an essential part of the landscape.
Wildlife is an important and valuable component of central Florida's ranch ecosystems.
Wildlife is an important resource in Alberta.
Wildlife is an indicator of environmental health.
Wildlife is an invaluable addition to all gardens.
Wildlife is another magnificent attraction.
Wildlife is as abundant as in the refuge.
Wildlife is attracted to plants and shrubs which provides for a more natural setting.
Wildlife is both abundant and unwary here.
Wildlife is bountiful in the region.
Wildlife is by nature a bit unpredictable.
Wildlife is central to both the image and the reality of Alaska.
Wildlife is common here.
Wildlife is common in the canyon.
Wildlife is common on and around the farm.
Wildlife is common, especially in National Park areas.
Wildlife is common, including the occasional rattlesnake, so keep a watchful eye.
Wildlife is contaminated.
Wildlife is dependent on forests and open space for food and shelter.
Wildlife is driven out or eaten.
Wildlife is encouraged by including forage crops in rotation and by retaining natural areas.
Wildlife is equally spectacular.
Wildlife is especially abundant, and the spring is brilliant with colorful blossoms.
Wildlife is essential for ecological balance and a big attraction to tourism.
Wildlife is ever apparent.
Wildlife is everywhere - bear, moose, caribou, dall sheep and wolf.
Wildlife is everywhere - songbirds, deer, foxes, herons, hawks, and many varieties of waterfowl.
Wildlife is everywhere .
Wildlife is everywhere especially deep in the wilderness, along the Paddling routes.
Wildlife is everywhere.
Wildlife is fairly diverse, however populations are small and activity is seasonal.
Wildlife is fantastic, more so than any science fiction writer's dreams.
Wildlife is here in abundance.
Wildlife is impacted because of reduced habitat area and lack of connected forest patches.
Wildlife is important to people.
Wildlife is in abundance from waterfowl to reptiles and several other desert creatures.
Wildlife is in abundance with moose, bears and of course wolves.
Wildlife is in abundance, and hunting is a popular area sport.
Wildlife is just a look away and is very plentiful all year around.
Wildlife is just that.
Wildlife is less viable in summer after the migrants have left and only the summer residents remain.
Wildlife is less wary of a slow moving or stationary vehicle than a potential predator on foot.
Wildlife is life
Wildlife is life.
Wildlife is limited because of the relatively small size of the park.
Wildlife is limited to birds and their nests.
Wildlife is located in forests.
Wildlife is managed publicly using the best available information, based on knowledge and research.
Wildlife is more common.
Wildlife is more than abundant, and picture taking opportunities arise every few miles.
Wildlife is much in evidence.
Wildlife is much like the canaries in the coal mines.
Wildlife is nearly as varied as the plant life.
Wildlife is nearly impossible to see in the dense cattails.
Wildlife is necessary for the continued survival of the human species.
Wildlife is no longer the only target.
Wildlife is oblivious to political boundaries.
Wildlife is of course, the prime focus of a safari.
Wildlife is often abundant.
Wildlife is one of America's most treasured natural resources.
Wildlife is one of Colorado's most visible natural resources.
Wildlife is one of our most precious natural resources.
Wildlife is one of the draw card's.
Wildlife is particularly vulnerable during dry years and in the winter.
Wildlife is plentiful and conducive to traditional activities.
Wildlife is plentiful and frequently sighted near campus.
Wildlife is plentiful and includes wild turkey, grouse, squirrel and deer.
Wildlife is plentiful and protected.
Wildlife is plentiful and rich.
Wildlife is plentiful around Park City.
Wildlife is plentiful here in the backcountry.
Wildlife is plentiful in Montana.
Wildlife is plentiful in our area deer, moose, bear and birds.
Wildlife is plentiful in Savoy Mountain.
Wildlife is plentiful in the area and there is fishing on the many rivers and streams.
Wildlife is plentiful in the forest and includes whitetail deer, wild turkey, and squirrel.
Wildlife is plentiful in the region.
Wildlife is plentiful including deer, quail, bald eagles, mountain lions, and varrous other species.
Wildlife is plentiful with active beaver trails sometimes cutting across the ski trail.
Wildlife is plentiful, especially deer and turkey.
Wildlife is plentiful.
Wildlife is plenty here and there are fish in our ponds.
Wildlife is present in all areas.
Wildlife is probably the second most important attraction.
Wildlife is prominent with trout on the doorstep.
Wildlife is prominent, including numerous species of wading, perching birds.
Wildlife is prominent, including numerous species of wading, perching, and preying birds.
Wildlife is protected and the edges of natural streams are reforested.
Wildlife is protected by a National Park Act.
Wildlife is protected, and the edges of natural streams are reforested.
Wildlife is protected.
Wildlife is quite abundant.
Wildlife is relatively common because of the favorable habitat.
Wildlife is restricted to lizards, goats, donkeys and nocturnal casino-crawlers.
Wildlife is scarce in the refuge, although there are numerous birds, and some mammals.
Wildlife is scattered and often distant.
Wildlife is seen regularly, including javelina, jackrabbits, deer, coyote, and roadrunners.
Wildlife is sight.
Wildlife is sparse, as most animal habitat lies outside of the wilderness boundaries.
Wildlife is spectacular in the park.
Wildlife is still down in the valleys then.
Wildlife is still important here.
Wildlife is still in abundance.
Wildlife is the area include sitka blacktail deer, black bear, beaver, and wolf.
Wildlife is the focus of attention for both the hunter and sightseer.
Wildlife is threatened by poachers.
Wildlife is treasure of mankind and an important part of the natural environment.
Wildlife is truly an integral part of the Anchorage community.
Wildlife is very abundant in Colorado.
Wildlife is very abundant with deer, turkey, sandhill cranes, geese, ducks and songbirds.
Wildlife is very plentiful, the camping is great and the scenery breathtaking.
Wildlife is viewable, as well.
Wildlife is visible to visitors.
Wildlife is wild life and have their own agenda.
Wildlife is, after all, one of Pennsylvania's most precious resources.
Wildlife isa object.
Wildlife know how to manage themselves.
Wildlife knows no boundaries.
Wildlife lends itself well to the elements of poetry.
Wildlife living in the area includes dolphins, seals and rare seabirds such as the Atlantic Puffin.
Wildlife love it.
Wildlife love the forest.
Wildlife love the Hudson River.
Wildlife loves it.
Wildlife loves the walnut, too.
Wildlife make a park.
Wildlife make extensive use of the dense, thorny growth habit for cover and nesting sites.
Wildlife make some use of the acorns as food.
Wildlife make use of the protection by staying under cover here.
Wildlife means the animals are wild , and under certain circumstances can dangerous.
Wildlife means the animals are wild, and under certain circumstances can dangerous.
Wildlife migrate down from the high country.
Wildlife migrates across that frontier.
Wildlife mysteriously disappears.
Wildlife needs a right combination of food, water, shelter and space to survive.
Wildlife needs a variety of forage to thrive.
Wildlife needs a voice, a means to educate and inform, an ambassador.
Wildlife needs and habitat quality can shift over periods of years, seasons, days, or even hours.
Wildlife needs clean drinking water to survive.
Wildlife needs cover from predators.
Wildlife needs diversity and planting natives is an important way to preserve our natural heritage.
Wildlife needs food, water, shelter and cover to hide in.
Wildlife needs human allies both in the wild and in captivity.
Wildlife Needs Many of Mississippi's wildlife species depend on the forest to live.
Wildlife needs our help.
Wildlife needs the habitat found on private lands.
Wildlife needs to remain wild.
Wildlife needs, predation, sex ratios, productivity, carrying capacity, and environmental factors.
Wildlife occurs in a tremendous variety of forms and colors.
Wildlife occurs in atremendous variety of forms and colors.
Wildlife pays a heavy price for livestock grazing.
Wildlife play an important role in our environment.
Wildlife plays an important role in the lives of humans.
Wildlife prefer a dense hedge for protection.
Wildlife prefer a legume and grass mixture to a single seeding of fescue.
Wildlife prefer open grasslands with a high concentration of forbs, especially legumes.
Wildlife prefers certain sites.
Wildlife preserves for bird watching and photography.
Wildlife provides all kind of sources of valuable elements to use and study.
Wildlife rabies is a major source of infection for domestic animals, including pets.
Wildlife rabies vaccination programs have some success but are costly and difficult.
Wildlife ranges from marmots and moose to bald eagles and grizzly bears.
Wildlife ranges from migrating waterfowl and big horn sheep to sidewinder snakes and eagles.
Wildlife ranging from birds to elk visit the property regularly.
Wildlife refuges also host good numbers of people.
Wildlife refuges feature waterfowl and other birds.
Wildlife refuges harbor songbirds in spring, Canada geese in fall, and bald eagles in winter.
Wildlife refuges, wetlands, nature museum and library.
Wildlife related games, activities and projects round out the fun.
Wildlife relies on healthy watersheds for food and shelter.
Wildlife rely on rangelands and pasturelands for food and shelter.
Wildlife remains remarkably diverse.
Wildlife remains the main rabies reservoir in Europe.
Wildlife remains very rich, despite the past decades of hunting, which is now strictly regulated.
Wildlife require cover for escape, nesting, and protection from weather.
Wildlife require shelter from the elements and protection from predators.
Wildlife requires very specific habitats.
Wildlife roams freely on many islands and throughout the mainland wilderness.
Wildlife seek out their cover for shelter from extreme weather conditions.
Wildlife seem to be acting a little different last few years.
Wildlife seems closer, and it is.
Wildlife seems few and far between due to the high water.
Wildlife serve as environmental barometers.
Wildlife serves as a reservoir for many diseases common to domestic animals and humans.
Wildlife show strong preferences for spaces that meet their needs.
Wildlife shows every hour feature mountain lion, raptors and deer encounter.
Wildlife Shows With a Purpose.
Wildlife sighting are frequent.
Wildlife sounds spectacular - monkeys, pink dolphins, giant otters etc.
Wildlife surrounds golfers along the tree lined fairways.
Wildlife survives the Arctic's extreme weather conditions.
Wildlife tends to be more active in early morning and evening.
Wildlife tends to congregate where two different habitats meet.
Wildlife tends to flock in after the big geological conflicts have been momentarily settled.
Wildlife tends to wander until it finds a hospitable home, and there park until matters improve.
Wildlife use different habitats during the day or seasonally.
Wildlife use the foliage, twigs and buds as food.
Wildlife use the sagebrush community at different times of the year for different purposes.
Wildlife uses wetlands in many different ways.
Wildlife utilizes riparian areas for food, water and shelter.
Wildlife viewing expeditions by kayak are also available.
Wildlife viewing guides are available for many U.S. states and the Caribbean.
Wildlife viewing in Belize is truly unforgettable.
Wildlife viewing is one of the most popular reasons for joining a nature or eco-tour.
Wildlife viewing opportunities abound on our hikes and float trips.
Wildlife viewing opportunities are available, but limited.
Wildlife viewing opportunities are numerous.
Wildlife viewing opportunities lessen due to the increased leaf cover.
Wildlife viewing opportunities vary with seasonal changes.
Wildlife viewing takes many forms.
Wildlife viewing towers and trails are available in several locations.
Wildlife viewing, birding and wildlife photography are our primary objectives.
Wildlife viewing, especially for a great variety of birds, is marvelous.
Wildlife viewing, hiking, biking and camping are available.
Wildlife viewing, outdoor photography and hiking are a few popular activities.
Wildlife walk through the property.
Wildlife walks, songbird census, exhibits and videos.
Wildlife wandering on roads poses a special driving hazard in Namibia, especially at night.
Wildlife watching and canoeing are very popular among young and old alike.
Wildlife watching and hiking are favorite activities.
Wildlife watching and hiking opportunities abound in the immediate vicinity.
Wildlife watching at Harper Lake most often means bird watching.
Wildlife watching opportunities are excellent.
Wildlife Works .
Wildlife Works Colorful pillows and organic cotton clothes for men and women.
Wildlife Works Wholesale Wildlife Works has an active wholesale program.
Wildlife always have the right of way.
Wildlife frequently feeds along roadsides and sometimes jumps in front of cars.
Wildlife frequently make nests in buildings in hay lofts or among sacks of grain.
Wildlife often cross Tasmania's country roads at night.
Wildlife often wanders onto courses and wind can be a factor.
All wildlife are native to the area and are hunted under fair chase conditions.
All wildlife can be dangerous, especially if approached too closely.
All wildlife faces hazards to survival, including weather, humans, pesticides, and so on.
All wildlife feed on plants or other animals.
All wildlife go through what is commonly termed an annual cycle of abundance.
All wildlife have different life requirements.
All wildlife have territorial ranges which can extend for a couple of miles to hundreds of acres.
All wildlife is abundant.
All wildlife is photographed in the Upper Peninsula wilderness using blinds, calls, and lures.
All wildlife is protected here.
All wildlife is protected in the park.
All wildlife is protected.
All wildlife is rooted in the soil.
All wildlife is vulnerable to toxic chemicals found in water some more than others.
All wildlife move in search of food in cycles relative to the lunar phases.
All wildlife refuges are locations suitable for condominium developments.
All wildlife require an area with food, water and shelter in suitable quantities and arrangement.
All wildlife requires food, water and shelter to survive.
All wildlife settle in to survive the next two stressful months.
Any wildlife can be unpredictable.
Many wildlife benefit from clear-cuts by having new vegetation available.
Many wildlife refuges' and small islands and keys are protected.
Many wildlife viewing excursions can take place in a half-day's time.
Many wildlife viewing opportunities are available.
More wildlife is found on the riverbottom.
Most wildlife are wary of humans.
Most wildlife can get through and over fences.
Most wildlife can survive for weeks without food but only days without water.
Most wildlife depends on insects.
Most wildlife depends on riparian habitats for some or all of their needs.
Most wildlife does poorly in a shopping mall or apartment complex.
Most wildlife eats fish.
Most wildlife is concerned with the preservation and improvement of habitats.
Most wildlife is harmless and afraid of mankind, but there are a few animals that can pose a threat.
Most wildlife is observed early in the morning or late in the day.
Most wildlife require a variety of plant species and sizes for homes and food.
Much wildlife including wild turkeys, deer, and other game birds inhabit the area.
Some wildlife can adapt to the urban environment where a food supply is present.
Some wildlife comes into the garden to feed on the garden plants.
Some wildlife eat a variety of foods and others eat only a few different kinds.
Some wildlife finds out what is worse than hunting season.
Some wildlife however can damage the trees - rabbits and deer eat young trees.
Some wildlife possesses herbivores.
Some wildlife prefer to drink moisture that has condensed on foliage and so on.
Some wildlife prefers large canopy trees, others take to lower understory trees.
Some wildlife refuges construct artificial water holes.
Some wildlife use the site.
Wildllife study completes first year.
A wildness is intensity
Wildness is a scarce commodity in the east.
Wile is dissimulation
Wiles also points out the comic phallic possibilities in the name.
Wiles instead seeks to find meaning about performance from the theatrical space itself.
Wiles reviews the personal space of various social areas in comparison with that of schools.
Wilful idlers are a mere burthen on the community.
Wilful infringement carries severe penalties.
Wilful sterility is a perversion, and perversion is now an industry.
Wilful violations are criminal misuse.
Wilful violations can result in exclusion from further participation in the trial.
Wiliwili trees are one of the major trees found in dry land forest and shrubland.
Will has chopsticks.
Will is faculty
Will is legal documents.
Will is legal forms.
Will is purposes.
Will isa aim.
Will isa document.
Will isa intention.
Will isa purpose.
Wills also can designate guardianship and other provisions to guarantee children's rights.
Wills also favors exempting low-income families from the rate increases.
Wills also makes some familiar errors in describing the process of evolution.
Wills are a different matter.
Wills are a good source for gaining additional information about family members.
Wills are a good source of information because they often list names of the family.
Wills are a good source where they exist.
Wills are a valuable source for family historians.
Wills are also a source to validate entries.
Wills are also easy to locate.
Wills are among the most useful sources for family history.
Wills are an excellent genealogical source.
Wills are an excellent way to give specific items to a grandchild.
Wills are an excellent, and universal topic.
Wills are an important part of estate planning and income tax planning.
Wills are another good source of data.
Wills are another matter entirely.
Wills are as important to young adults as they are to the older generation.
Wills are cheap to set up but expensive when they go through probate.
Wills are desires, and desires are immeasurably small motions of bodies.
Wills are easy to create.
Wills are fully public.
Wills are fun that way.
Wills are generally open to the public.
Wills are in the register of wills for each county.
Wills are just one part of an estate plan.
Wills are matters of public record.
Wills are of no power unless the testators die.
Wills are often very useful for obtaining information on family relationships.
Wills are perhaps the best-known way of giving.
Wills are public documents upon death, upon which anyone can purchase.
Wills are public documents.
Wills are public information and available to anyone.
Wills are revocable documents.
Wills are simpler and less expensive to prepare than a revocable living trust.
Wills are the documents used to transfer property after death.
Wills are the legal means by which people recount their last wishes.
Wills are the most contested of all legal documents.
Wills are the simplest ways to distribute an estate.
Wills are totally nonconfidential.
Wills are useful and necessary documents for three reasons.
Wills are usually shorter and simpler to understand than living trusts.
Wills are very good also.
Wills are wonderful documents.
Wills are wonderful, simple, inexpensive ways to address many people's estate planning needs.
Wills are yet another source of information.
Wills attributes long wait times to understaffing.
Wills becomes the seventh player to switch-hit homers in the same game.
Wills can also have an extremely important role in minimising the impact of inheritance tax.
Wills can be classic documents and sometimes very entertaining.
Wills can be particularly useful in filling in gaps where thebirth and marriage indexes cease.
Wills can provide for an equitable distribution to both families after the death of both partners.
Wills can stipulate that a gift be unrestricted or designated for a specific purpose.
Wills currently serves as deputy chief of mission in New Delhi, India.
Wills entirely misses the point.
Wills have different requirements determined by each state in order to be valid.
Wills indexed here refer to some of the most illustrious personalities in American history.
Wills knows better.
Wills leaving money to a gay lover, for example, are particularly at risk.
Wills made without lawyers can be legally sound if the proper procedures are followed.
Wills never require more than two witnesses.
Wills offer a gift alternative.
Wills offer two principal advantages over living trusts.
Wills only come into effect after death, and they can be changed anytime before death.
Wills points out that the mechanistic details of ubiquitin's role in budding needs to be determined.
Wills provide details about both property and heirs.
Wills Remember to give an extra hug to loved one today.
Wills require periodic checkups, too.
Wills require the least capacity and crimes require the most.
Wills save money.
Wills share certain characteristics with medieval letters and are therefore of much interest.
Wills takes a rather different approach to language.
Wills treats a huge patient population overall.
Wills underlying theme throughout is the history of American distrust of government.
Wills usually links a name to a locality.
All wills put on file in the probate court are confidential.
Many wills are quite straightforward.
Many wills are simple with asset disposition to closest living relatives.
Most wills are quite simple.
Most wills mention household goods or a house in the estate.
Most wills written in recent years are self-proving.
Some wills are detailed, others more broad.
Some wills clearly state that money owed is to be paid to the estate or the widow.
Willes is certainly right on several fronts.
Willes is quick to make decisions.
Willes says the giving works both ways.
Willed evil is rare, perhaps even rarer than good deeds.
A willet is a tattler
Willets use wetlands of various salinity.
Willful absence is a responsibility.
Willful blindness is something else again.
Willful blindness is the equivalent of knowledge.
Willful change is the heart, mind and soul of self-control.
Willful damage is the owner s responsibility.
Willful deprivation is abuse.
Willful disobedience says it all.
Willful ignorance is no virtue.
Willful ignorance is the couple whose marriage is headed for the rocks and they refuse to get help.
Willful ignorance is the worst kind.
Willful ignorance is worse than any other crime against humanity.
Willful inactivity is a statement of subservience to a power greater than our own.
Willful infringement is punishable by law.
Willful infringement means that an individual knew an act was infringing and did it anyway.
Willful misconduct means intentional disregard of the employer's work rules.
Willful misconduct requires something more than negligence.
Willful misrepresentation is also cause for fine and imprisonment.
Willful negligence requires only constructive intent.
Willful noncompliance is illegal.
Willful rebellion matures to compassion.
Willful sin is like grabbing hold of the tail of a scorpion.
Willful violation can lead to Immediate dismissal without refund.
Willful violations are punishable by up to one year and a fine.
Willful violations can even carry criminal penalties.
Willful violations carry a higher penalty.
Willful violators can face criminal prosecution.
Willfull ignorance is unforgiveable.
Williamstown soils have rock fragments of dominantly limestone and crystalline lithology.
Willing compromise can effectively smooth out the differences in adjustment.
Willing contact requires no roll.
Willing contestants can sign up is at the show.
All willing couples have access to family planning services.
Willing employees are more productive than slaves.
Willing hands are always welcome.
Willing hands are necessary.
Willing participants are very important.
Willing participation can turn into morning-after regrets.
Any willing person can learn it.
Willing residents respond by giving money to the monks.
Willing staff makes a difference.
Willing surfers swap free housing.
Willing volunteers are the life blood of our project.
Willing war means willing all the evils that are organically bound up with it.
Willing workers experience burnout.
Willings believes it remains too easy for minors to buy cigarettes in Grand Traverse County.
Willingness begins with a spirit of giving.
Willingness consists of desire, confidence, and incentive.
Willingness fits in with maturity.
Willingness is a disposition
Willingness is a major factor.
Willingness is a state of mind.
Willingness is action.
Willingness is crucially important.
Willingness is dispositions.
Willingness is emotion.
Willingness is integral to creating a motivational environment, at home and at work.
Willingness is the heart and soul of obedience.
Willingness is the key to any change.
Willingness is the key word.
Willingness is the only real qualification.
Willingness is the soul of obedience.
Willingness names the key to getting all the pieces to work together.
Willingness precedes action.
Willow acacia is an evergreen tree that grows in a tall, upright single-trunk form.
Willow acacia makes a fine, drought-tolerant tree for space restricted areas.
Some willow acacias have branches.
Some willow acacias have thin branches.
Willow baskets are mainly unpainted to keep the nature of natural.
Willow Beach has a convenience store, a launch ramp, boat rentals and marine fueling facilities.
Willow Beach has limited services. .
Willow Beach has limited services.
Willow branches are bendable and used to make baskets and furniture.
Willow branches are straight, pliable and flexible.
Willow buds overwhelm the waste ditch.
Willow clones differ in susceptibility to cottonwood leaf beetle.
Willow Creek features classic manor home designs with natural cedar siding.
Willow Creek is a neighborhood school whose population is primarily white, middle-class students.
Willow Creek is above the Great Basin Area.
Willow Creek is another new business which manufactures furniture.
Willow Creek is involved in many ongoing local construction team efforts.
Willow Creek is one of four active subdivisions in Pleasant Hill.
Willow Creek is used for public recreational fishing.
Willow Creek runs through the property.
Willow cuttings root and grow even if planted upside down.
Willow flowers are tiny and come clustered in catkins.
Willow flycatchers are found in moist areas where there are many flying insects.
Willow flycatchers are preyed on by several mammal, bird and reptile species.
Willow flycatchers are solitary birds that usually form monogamous bonds during the breeding season.
Willow flycatchers feed on insects.
Willow flycatchers have a lifespan of three to four years.
Most willow flycatchers feed on insects.
Willow guests have their own entrance.
Willow leave are long, narrow and slender.
Willow oak trees reach up to feet.
Willow oak has few major problems.
Willow oak is monoecious.
Willow oak is oak
Willow plants live in wet areas.
Willow plantations use a combination of agricultural and forestry systems.
Willow ptarmigans live among willow clumps in bottom-lands.
Willow revetments are inexpensive to build and the raw material is readily available.
Willow roots are excellent at holding the soil in the banks together.
Willow roots are often good, but there are many different kinds of willows.
Willow scale is a non-native insect that feeds on the limbs and trunks of host trees.
Willow seeds are distributed widely by wind and water.
Willow seeds are from fruits found only on the female trees.
Willow seeds have long hairs that can be carried long distances by wind or water.
Willow species are also present.
All willow species are safe to eat but some are better tasting.
Most willow species are highly susceptible.
Willow terminals are used throughout to secure the edges as well as the lattice.
A willow tree is a tree
Willow trees adapt to many soil conditions but prefer a moist environment.
Willow trees are able to reproduce without any type of fertilization taking place.
Willow trees are among their favorites.
Willow trees are dead giveaway that a wet area existed prior to the lake being filled.
Willow trees are easy to grow and require moderate care.
Willow trees are either male or female with flowers of different sexes borne on seperate trees.
Willow trees are highly dependent on large water sources.
Willow trees are suitable for moist sites in full sun.
Willow trees are trees.
Willow trees colonise the stream banks.
Willow trees grow among eucalyptus and palm.
Willow trees grow from cuttings.
Willow trees grow very fast.
Willow trees line up the canals.
Willow trees prefer full sun, warm weather and large amounts of water.
Willow trees prefer moist ground and their fibrous, matted roots help reduce erosion.
Willow trees produce both sexually and asexually.
Willow trees produce fruit.
Willow trees provide another habitat along the pond's edge for songbirds.
Many willow trees like to grow near water.
Most willow trees produce fruit.
Some willow trees produce acid.
Willow twigs are long and slim.
Willow wood is good for harps.
Willow wood is good for making magical harps.
Willow wood is soft, light, and weak but highly resistant to splintering and splitting.
Willow wood is used for making fences, baskets and furniture because it is so flexible.
A willow is a tree
Willow bows to dob it's brush .
Willow calls from 'our' table.
Willow catches a wink.
Willow claims to be proficient now in Wicca basics such as levitations, charms, and glamours.
Willow contains salicin .
Willow grows everywhere and is a favorite food for moose who are often seen on the road eating it.
Willow isa tree.
Willow looks like grayish and brown tree bark.
Willow runs off to the fair.
Willow works hards and takes risks more than anyone else.
Willows adapt to conditions.
Willows adapt to harsh conditions.
Willows add to salinity problems, too.
Willows allow anyone a perpetual mourner.
Willows also depend on the dispersal of their seeds.
Willows are a home to many critters, and leaves and twigs are an important browse.
Willows are a host for the carrot aphid, which is a pest of carrots, parsnips and celery.
Willows are a staple year-round food for moose.
Willows are a strong and flexible material.
Willows are a very large and diverse group of trees.
Willows are abundant nearly everywhere.
Willows are among the most abundant small trees in Greater Yellowstone.
Willows are among the most common woody plants found in riparian areas.
Willows are among the trees removed.
Willows are an important food source, and moose also feed on submerged aquatic plants.
Willows are common along watercourses and in seep areas.
Willows are common shrubs and small trees in the northern boreal and subarctic areas.
Willows are extremely hardy and tend to take root and grow very easily.
Willows are here extensively grown for basket making.
Willows are important moose and ptarmigan feed.
Willows are invasive so in some areas they are prevented from encroaching.
Willows are notorious for their rooting abilities.
Willows are pioneer, sun loving trees that are the first to become established on sand bars.
Willows are plant pioneers, able to live on raw new soil wherever there is water.
Willows are plants.
Willows are problem prone plants that require more care than other trees.
Willows are problem-prone plants that often require more care than other shrubs.
Willows are problem-prone plants that require more care than other shrubs.
Willows are problem-prone plants that require more care than other trees.
Willows are the best for making wreaths and swags.
Willows are the most preferred forage where available.
Willows are the tallest of any species in the alpine tundra.
Willows are trees.
Willows are very easy to grow and love moist soil in full sun.
WIllows come in all shapes and sizes, from large trees to bushy shrubs.
Willows dip their boughs, sore from crying, into the pool below.
Willows do have a reputation of helping other plants root.
Willows do well in wet locations, such as playa lakes.
Willows do well on moist, well drained soils and tolerate flooding for up to three weeks a year.
Willows droop along one edge, drinking their fill when the days turn too hot.
Willows grace the river banks.
Willows grow in habitats.
Willows grow in wet habitats.
Willows grow on moist, lowland sites and in the many brushy draws draining the side slopes.
Willows have (part) bark.
Willows have (part) cell membranes.
Willows have (part) cells.
Willows have (part) corpi.
Willows have (part) cytoplasm.
Willows have (part) leaf nodes.
Willows have (part) nuclei.
Willows have (part) plasma membranes.
Willows have (part) sections.
Willows have (part) stumps.
Willows have (part) tree branches.
Willows have (part) treetops.
Willows have (part) trunks.
Willows have (part) vacuoles.
Willows have (part) xylem.
Willows have branches.
Willows have brittle limbs.
Willows have different fiber length.
Willows have different length.
Willows have fiber length.
Willows have flowers.
Willows have length.
Willows have limbs.
Willows have medicinal effects internally.
Willows have roots.
Willows have shallow roots.
Willows have shallow surface roots.
Willows have the potential to spread rapidly along Victorian waterways.
Willows have thin branches.
Willows like to grow beside or even in the water.
Willows occur in moist areas, especially along stream banks.
Willows perform poorly in dry areas.
Willows produce disperse seeds.
Willows produce foliage.
Willows produce large volumes of seeds each spring after the blooming phase.
Willows produce seeds.
Willows provide wildlife with food and excellent shelter.
Willows reproduce more easily than any other tree.
Willows require moist soil.
Willows vary greatly in susceptibility.
Willows vary greatly in the concentrations of salicyl glucosides in their leaves.
All willows are dioecious, producing male or female catkins on separate trees.
All willows are dioecious.
All willows are fast growing and short-lived, and their wood is notably weak and prone to breaking.
All willows have simple leaves that are alternately arranged on spindly stems.
All willows produce salacin, a chemical related to aspirin.
All willows produce salacin, which is closely related chemically to aspirin.
All willows produce salacin, which is closely related to aspirin.
Most willows adapt to conditions.
Most willows adapt to harsh conditions.
Most willows grow in habitats.
Most willows grow in wet habitats.
Most willows have branches.
Most willows have brittle limbs.
Most willows have different fiber length.
Most willows have different length.
Most willows have fiber length.
Most willows have flowers.
Most willows have length.
Most willows have limbs.
Most willows have roots.
Most willows have shallow roots.
Most willows have shallow surface roots.
Most willows have thin branches.
Most willows produce disperse seeds.
Most willows produce foliage.
Most willows produce seeds.
Some willows absorb energy.
Some willows absorb magical energy.
Some willows contain substances.
Some willows develop friendships.
Some willows develop odd friendships.
Some willows grow in shallow water.
Some willows grow in water.
Some willows have affairs.
Some willows have bunches of flowers that are usually white.
Some willows have tendencies.
Some willows produce catkins.
Some willows produce flower catkins.
Some willows produce flowers.
Some willows produce pink flowers.
Some willows survive for years.
Willpower can be extremely useful in certain parts of people's lives.
Willpower comes from practice.
Willpower encompasses a character's force of personality.
Willpower is developed by making positive behavioral changes.
Willpower is no use in improving it.
Willpower is only temporary.
Willpower is regained at the rate of one per month.
Willpower is resolution
Willpower is the answer.
Willpower is what allows people to survive without food for weeks.
Willpower only goes that far.
Willpower refers to one side of the conflict of motive, usually the socially approved side.
Wilson diseases require lifelong treatments.
Wilson diseases require treatments.
Wilson isa thing.
A wilt disease is a plant disease
Wilt diseases can cause severe stand losses in Pennsylvania.
Wilt is a reduction
Wilt later progresses gradually up the stem.
Wilt plays for one year.
Wilts occur when plants droop, indicating problems with water uptake.
Wilted fronds indicate too little water.
Wilted lawns have a blue-green appearance, leaf curl, or footprints that remain on the lawn.
Wilted leaves are especially toxic.
Wilted leaves are usually responsible for livestock poisoning.
Wilted leaves tend to stay on affected plants, rather than fall off.
Wilted plants appear as brownish spots in the field.
Wilted rye is a bit more difficult to cut for silage than corn is.
Wilted vines can also be a sign of the squash vine borer.
Most Wilwood hats are black plated to accelerate heat dissipation and prevent corrosion.
Wily cats have the highest success rate of catching rats.
A wimp is a person
Wimp isa doormat.
WIMPs are a hypothetical solution to the missing matter problem.
WIMPs are conjectured to make up most of the dark matter in the universe.
WIMPs are physicists' best candidate for the astronomers' dark matter.
Wimps are prone to acting on what they think someone is implying.
Wimps are software.
WIMPs are unaffected by radiation pressure.
Wimps can leave out all the seed bundles.
Wimps fear failure.
Wimps have (part) arms.
Wimps have (part) body substances.
Wimps have (part) cell membranes.
Wimps have (part) cells.
Wimps have (part) corpi.
Wimps have (part) cytoplasm.
Wimps have (part) heads.
Wimps have (part) human bodies.
Wimps have (part) legs.
Wimps have (part) material bodies.
Wimps have (part) necks.
Wimps have (part) nuclei.
Wimps have (part) personality.
Wimps have (part) plasma membranes.
Wimps have (part) sections.
Wimps have (part) vacuoles.
WIMPs interact by elastic scattering on a nucleus in a crystal.
Wimps take steroids.
Wimps often have to develop a razor-sharp sense of humor to serve as a weapon and a shield.
Any wimp can quit smoking, but it takes a man to face cancer.
Any wimp can Web surf.
Most wimps just delete their idiot entries.
Wimpier weeds are also more vulnerable to other controls.
A wimple is a clothing
Wimples are perfect for small bits of exotic fibers such as yak, alpaca, or silk blends.
Wimples continue in fashion, little changed from the previous period.
Wimpy parents produce kids who are lost, lacking in ambition, and usually confused.
Wimpy women are out.
Every win streak comes to an end eventually.
Win teams use approaches.
A win is a victory
Win returns Wyoming to the top of the Mountain West, tied with Utah.
WINs also contain book reviews.
Wins are aspirin.
WINs are available by subscription.
Wins are great, but kids who win outside of basketball and in life are what it is all about.
Wins are great, but that topped it.
Wins are important, but championships are more important.
WINS are low cost mobile systems that can cover the entire enterprise.
Wins are meaningless.
Wins are victories.
Wins are worth just as much early in the season as they are late, but are easier to find.
Wins are worth two points and overtime losses and ties are worth one point.
Wins come with it.
Wins come, as well as losses.
WINS have special client applications.
Wins translate into points that can be used to get cooler equipment and more stunts.
Any win feels good.
Any win is a good win.
Any win is a huge win, especially at home.
Any win is big but every one remembers who won the Copper.
Any win is good.
Any win is great, but a win over fourth-ranked Long Beach State is nothing less than monumental.
Any win is great.
Any win's a good win.
Any win's a step in the right direction.
Every win counts for something for everybody except the athletes bringing in the money.
Every win counts the same.
Every win counts.
Every win here feels just as special as the first one.
Every win is a total team effort.
Every win is awesome.
Every win is good, but some are better than others.
Every win is great.
Every win is hard.
Every win is huge for our program.
Every win is important for the rest of the weekend.
Every win is important right now.
More wins equal more bids.
Most wins is the first criteria.
Some wins are bigger than others.
WinCE supporters mention memory.
WinCE users can also look here .
A wince is a start
Wince comes in a regular version and a Professional Edition for Pro handhelds.
A winch is a lifting device
Winch handle pockets and spare winch handles.
Winch handle pockets at wheel.
Winch mast into vertical position.
Winch operates while ladder is in use or stowed.
Winch shown here is with out the control valve mounted.
Winch stands on a frame which folds out of the way when the winch is on tractor.
Winch tightens and locks down the strapping over the load.
Winches break down.
Winches control the tension of the cables.
Winches fall ready at hand and are at waist level.
Winches normally have one horizontally mounted drum and one or two gypsy heads.
Winches pull on lines to steer the parafoil, in the same way a skydiver steers, to the landing site.
Winches require regular cleaning and oiling with a light weight lubricant on the pawls and springs.
Winchs are part of ships.
All winches are Lewmar.
All winches are self-tailing Barients.
All winches are to be mounted on the cabin top in the position specified in the design drawings.
All winches can pull much greater loads than they can lift.
Winching speed is variable, depending on gearbox, transfer gear and throttle settings.
WinCVS support seems to be stable.
Wind assists tumbleweed again when the seeds are ready to disseminate.
Wind assistance is modelled as a multiplicative factor in the flight range equation.
Wind barbs are a useful indicator for locating low pressure centers on surface weather maps.
Wind barbs are in knots.
Wind barbs are useful for locating low pressure centers on surface weather maps.
Wind Barbs Let's begin with the wind barb, a most non-intuitive symbol to read.
Wind barbs show wind direction and speed.
Wind breaks are also of benefit to mature trees as they reduce damage to flowers and young pods.
Wind breaks are also useful around the building.
Wind buffeting can induce considerable image motion.
Some wind burn is reported due to cold, windy weather.
Wind catchers are a type of air user that needs moving air to operate.
Most wind caves are, in fact, solution caves.
Wind chill accounts for loss of heat when warm air around a body is replaced with colder air.
Wind chill can kill hogs during the winter.
Wind chill can kill livestock.
Wind chill can make the back of a trailer very cold.
Wind chill can very rapidly cool the fittest of people.
Wind chill causes the air to feel colder than it really is.
Wind chill combines temperature and wind to show how much colder the wind makes exposed skin feel.
Wind chill combines the cooling effect of wind, cold temperatures and humidity on exposed skin.
Wind chill has no effect on cars or other objects.
Wind chill has once again become a very real element of daily life.
Wind chill is a calculation of the adjusted temperature because of air temperature and wind speed.
Wind chill is a human measure and means nothing to plant material.
Wind chill is a major factor affecting outdoor work.
Wind chill is a measure of heat loss due to the wind and cold.
Wind chill is a term used by meteorologists to describe the cooling power of air.
Wind chill is another danger of winter work.
Wind chill is calibrated to the human body's sense of coldness due to that effect.
Wind chill is known to be a particularly important contributing factor.
Wind chill is only an estimate of discomfort because other factors determine actual discomfort.
Wind chill is the apparent temperature considering both the temperature and the wind speed.
Wind chill is the combination of air temperature and wind speed.
Wind chill is the combination of wind and air temperature and how it feels on exposed skin.
Wind chill is the effect of wind and temperatures on the rate of heat loss to the human body.
Wind chill is the effect of wind on wet skin.
Wind chill is the meteorological index that combines the effects of wind speed and temperature.
Wind chill is the perceived temperature to the human body based on both air temperature and wind.
Wind chill is the relative temperature, when wind speeds are factored with the air temperature.
Wind chill is the term used to describe and quantify the rate of heat loss from exposed skin.
Wind chill makes a fossil of touch.
Wind chill makes the days cooler than the actual temperature read on the thermometer.
Wind chill represents the cooling effect on the human body of low temperatures combined with wind.
Wind chill seems to be even more of a factor when riding without any clothes.
Wind chills can drop temperatures below zero.
Wind chills can freeze body parts in just a few minutes.
A wind chime is decoration
Wind chimes add a breath of fresh air to any garden.
Wind chimes add to the effect.
Wind chimes are a good idea, too, to add distraction.
Wind chimes are a possible solution.
Wind chimes are decoration.
Wind chimes are located in front doors.
Wind chimes are very feng shui.
Wind chimes can also add a sense of peace and tranquility.
Wind chimes have an aesthetic use.
Wind chimes help to draw energy here.
Wind chimes make great gifts for any occasion.
Wind chimes make it easy to hear the wind blow.
Wind chimes makes sounds when the wind blows the tubes , rods and bells .
Wind chimes makes sounds when the wind blows the tubes, rods and bells.
Wind chimes play melodic tunes in the garden with the help of fall breezes.
Wind Chimes Use plumbing pipe to make an indoor wind chime.
Wind direction can also change dramatically when entering a fjord or coming around points.
Wind direction can also impact the type of cast used.
Wind direction can be critical because there is no beach access west of the power station.
Wind direction can change with just five or six feet of height,'' Bond says.
Wind direction can foretell temperature, humidity, storm or clear.
Wind direction can make a big difference as in flying with the wind at their backs vs. a headwind.
Wind direction can make or break sizeable surf.
Wind direction dictates which combination is into or down wind.
Wind direction does seem to affect fishing.
Wind direction is a big factor in the weather.
Wind direction is a major factor as well.
Wind direction is again irrelevant.
Wind direction is also critical for determining gas or vog concentrations at a given location.
Wind direction is an important factor.
Wind direction is an indicator of the direction that the wind is coming from.
Wind direction is as important as wind velocity in reducing the damage caused by drift.
Wind direction is clearly visible on LEDs.
Wind direction is defined as the direction from which the wind is blowing.
Wind direction is defined by the direction it is coming from.
Wind direction is determined before mixing.
Wind direction is determined from the variations in rotor speed.
Wind direction is determined using a wind vane.
Wind direction is entered by selecting the appropriate zones on the wind direction circle.
Wind direction is from left to right.
Wind direction is from the southwest.
Wind direction is from true north.
Wind direction is given as the direction the wind is coming from along a compass direction.
Wind direction is given in degrees and time is local time of day at the lander site.
Wind direction is illustrated by a line pointing into the station marker.
Wind direction is indicated as for a horizontal plot.
Wind direction is indicated by a graphic compass, with numerical wind speed offered above it.
Wind direction is measured as the direction from where a wind comes from.
Wind direction is measured by a wind vane and wind speed is measured by an anemometer.
Wind direction is measured by a wind vane coupled to a precision low-torque potentiometer.
Wind direction is measured by a wind vane which is an arrow mounted on top of an elevated site.
Wind direction is measured by recording the direction the wind is coming from.
Wind direction is measured from which it's blowing.
Wind direction is measured in degrees from true north.
Wind direction is measured using an aluminum vane directly coupled to a precision potentiometer.
Wind direction is measured with a rotating vane.
Wind direction is measured with a wind vane .
Wind direction is measured with a wind vane.
Wind direction is measured with an instrument called a weather vane.
Wind direction is measured with wind vanes or wind socks.
Wind direction is now accurate.
Wind direction is observed to the nearest whole degree and computed to the nearest ten degrees.
Wind direction is of primary concern.
Wind direction is our independent variable, so it goes on the horizontal axis.
Wind direction is reported as the direction from which the wind is blowing .
Wind direction is reported by the direction it is blowing from, according to the compass.
Wind direction is represented by an arrow pointing in the direction from where the wind is coming.
Wind direction is right, prevent making it take flight.
Wind direction is shown for one day to reduce the clutter of recording data on top of data.
Wind direction is shown with arrows.
Wind direction is significant.
Wind direction is the compass point from which the wind is coming eg south, south west, west etc.
Wind direction is the direction from which the wind is blowing.
Wind direction is the direction the wind blows from.
Wind direction is the magnetic bearing of the true wind.
Wind direction is true wind direction accounting for the rotation of the tower during the year.
Wind direction is typically from the south during the day and switches to the north near sunset.
Wind direction is where the wind has travelled from.
Wind direction refers to the direction in which the wind is blowing.
Wind direction reverses itself in a hurricane.
Wind directions are magnetic and are the direction from which the wind is coming.
Wind directions are true directions.
All wind directions are magnetic.
Wind dispersal allows for movement over long distances.
Wind dispersal is doubtful.
Wind dispersal is limited and most seeds fall within a few yards of the plant.
Wind dispersal is modeled as a negative exponential decay away from each source cell.
Some wind dispersals depend on wind.
Wind electricity is the fastest growing energy sector in the world, expanding at double-digit rates.
Wind energy development cans have adverse environmental impact.
Wind energy development cans have adverse impact.
Wind energy development cans have environmental impact.
Wind energy development cans have impact.
Wind energy engineers work in buildings.
Wind energy engineers work in office buildings.
Wind energy can also help diversify the economies of rural communities.
Wind energy can be a boon to Minnesota's remote rural counties.
Wind energy can bring wealth and jobs to Europe.
Wind energy comes from power sources.
Wind energy comes from sources.
Wind energy comes from ultimate power sources.
Wind energy comes from ultimate sources.
Wind energy comes of age.
Wind energy costs less than a million dollars a megawatt.
Wind energy creates no air pollution.
Wind energy fights air pollution and provides skilled jobs and needed income to rural areas.
Wind energy generates clean electricity right here at home.
Wind energy has much untapped potential.
Wind energy helps our economy in other important ways.
Wind energy is a breath of fresh air.
Wind energy is a clean, renewable and sustainable means of electricity generation.
Wind energy is a critical part of our renewable energy future.
Wind energy is a fascinating renewable source which has a bright future in Australia.
Wind energy is a global as well as a local player.
Wind energy is a pollution-free and renewable energy source. . .
Wind energy is a pollution-free and renewable energy source.
Wind energy is a practical and economical solution for the nomadic families and at bag-centres.
Wind energy is a primary governing factor in the erosion process.
Wind energy is a very economically efficient source of energy.
Wind energy is a viable option under such a strategy.
Wind energy is abundant, with large resources located throughout the West.
Wind energy is already a booming international business.
Wind energy is already the cheapest form of electricity and can only spread further.
Wind energy is already the cheapest form of electricity, and can only spread further.
Wind energy is also a source of clean, non-polluting, electricity.
Wind energy is also capital intensive.
Wind energy is also good news for consumers.
Wind energy is also more favorable than plutonium as a fuel for the long-term.
Wind energy is also very cheap to get.
Wind energy is among the most efficient renewable energy resources available.
Wind energy is an indirect form of solar energy.
Wind energy is another type of renewable energy.
Wind energy is capable of generating billions of kilowatt-hours and creating thousands of jobs.
Wind energy is cheap and clean.
Wind energy is clean, biomass energy is clean and it's reliable.
Wind energy is clean.
Wind energy is cost-effective today.
Wind energy is expensive at present when compared to existing sources.
Wind energy is important.
Wind energy is in fact a form of solar energy.
Wind energy is mechanical energy.
Wind energy is more abundant in the northwest portion of the state.
Wind energy is of actual importance and a potential field of co-operation.
Wind energy is one of our best electricity alternatives.
Wind energy is one of the best sources, and the technology already exists to tap it.
Wind energy is one of the cleanest forms of energy around.
Wind energy is one of the great technological success stories of the past decade.
Wind energy is one of the most competitive of the alternative energy sources.
Wind energy is one of the most cost-effective energy options for reducing global warming.
Wind energy is one of the most environmentally benign forms of energy development.
Wind energy is one of the most popular renewable energy technologies.
Wind energy is one of the most promising renewable energy resources in the world today.
Wind energy is one of the safest energy technologies.
Wind energy is produced when wind turns turbines that are used to generate electricity.
Wind energy is renewable and affordable.
Wind energy is renewable because it harnesses the earth's natural winds.
Wind energy is successful in a diverse range of economies and geographical terrain.
Wind energy is the cheapest form of new energy generation.
Wind energy is the fastest growing among new renewable sources.
Wind energy is the fastest growing energy technology in the world.
Wind energy is the fastest growing renewable energy technology in the world.
Wind energy is the fastest growing source of electricity in the world.
Wind energy is the fastest growing source of energy in the world.
Wind energy is the fastest growing source of energy worldwide.
Wind energy is the kinetic energy of the air in motion.
Wind energy is the least expensive renewable energy technology, and it is abundant and infinite.
Wind energy is the one of the most inexpensive forms of energy on the market.
Wind energy is used by having a windmill that turns by any amount of wind.
Wind energy is used primarily to produce electricity.
Wind energy is very abundant in many parts of the United States.
Wind energy is very abundant many parts of the United States.
Wind energy is very close to market prices.
Wind energy is very safe.
Wind energy is very site specific.
Wind energy produces electricity without creating pollution or emitting carbon dioxide.
Wind energy provides both environmental and economic benefits.
Wind energy provides jobs . . .
Wind energy provides more jobs per dollar invested than any other energy technology.
Wind energy receives rebates in the taxation scheme.
Wind energy requires no such storage of toxic materials.
Wind energy turns windmills.
Wind energy uses no ongoing resources except wind.
More wind energy is on the way.
Most wind energy comes from power sources.
Most wind energy comes from sources.
Most wind energy comes from ultimate power sources.
Most wind energy comes from ultimate sources.
Most wind energy turns windmills.
Some wind energy plays roles.
Some wind energy produces air.
Wind erosion becomes significant in periods of prolonged drought.
Wind erosion can also remove significant amounts of topsoil and nutrients.
Wind erosion can be a serious problem on many of the sandy soils after clearing for agriculture.
Wind erosion can be severe on long, unsheltered, smooth soil surfaces.
Wind erosion can occur with soft brick, stone and mortar in exposed locations.
Wind erosion causes off-site damage.
Wind erosion creates adverse conditions.
Wind erosion creates adverse operate conditions.
Wind erosion creates conditions.
Wind erosion creates operate conditions.
Wind erosion does more than remove valuable topsoil.
Wind erosion has effects.
Wind erosion impacts soil properties more severely on eroded sites than on deposition sites.
Wind erosion is a major hazard in the Sahelian zone.
Wind erosion is a serious problem in many parts of the world.
Wind erosion is a serious problem which threatens the long-term productivity of prairie soils.
Wind erosion is a threat to soils in all four cropping systems and in pastures.
Wind erosion is a valuable indicator of environmental change in arid and semi-arid regions.
Wind erosion is also a problem on some soils.
Wind erosion is at high risk for summer.
Wind erosion is dominant in the drier regions and water erosion on the wetter sloping lands.
Wind erosion is dominant.
Wind erosion is hard to measure.
Wind erosion is highly visible.
Wind erosion is less significant than that by water.
Wind erosion is more likely to occur in dry areas where soil is loose and unprotected by vegetation.
Wind erosion is much more severe in arid areas and during times of drought.
Wind erosion is nonexistent on our fields.
Wind erosion is one of the weakest kinds of erosion .
Wind erosion is one of the weakest kinds of erosion.
Wind erosion is possible with aggressive brushing on dry soils.
Wind erosion is said to have done millions of dollars damage in the last two or three weeks.
Wind erosion is slowed by wind barriers such as trees and shrubs.
Wind erosion is the detachment, transportation and redeposition of soil particles by wind.
Wind erosion is the movement and deposition of soil particles by wind.
Wind erosion is the result of material movement by the wind.
Wind erosion occurs continuously, especially in arid, open areas with sparse vegetation.
Wind erosion occurs in areas.
Wind erosion occurs when wind moves pieces of earth materials .
Wind erosion occurs when wind moves pieces of earth materials.
Wind erosion reduces the land's ability to produce crops.
Most wind erosion creates adverse conditions.
Most wind erosion creates adverse operate conditions.
Most wind erosion creates conditions.
Most wind erosion creates operate conditions.
Most wind erosion has effects.
Most wind erosion occurs in areas.
Some wind erosion requires strong wind.
Some wind erosion requires wind.
A wind farm is a power plant
Wind farms absorb a lot of tax dollars, even if they don t produce much electricity.
Wind farms add to our local renewable resources.
Wind farms are also noisy and kill birds.
Wind farms are environmentally friendly and take little time to permit and build.
Wind farms are power stations.
Wind farms are virtually silent.
Wind farms can be tourist attractions.
Wind farms can still have negative impacts on the environment.
Wind farms create another industry and contribute greatly to the local tax base.
Wind farms do compete with other land uses.
Wind farms find difficulties with bird migration routes.
Wind farms have very high up-front construction and acquisition costs.
Wind farms increase the tax base of the rural counties in which they are located.
Wind farms require hundreds of tons of energy intensive materials like cement and steel to build.
Wind farms require less capital and less construction lead time than traditional power plants.
Wind farms take up large areas of land.
Wind farms use the power of the wind to turn huge turbines that produce electricity.
Some wind farms provide bulk power.
Some wind farms provide power.
Wind flaps prevent blustery breezes.
Wind flaps prevent breezes.
Wind flower is used for dry cough upon awakening, moist cough with expectorations during the day.
Wind flower is used for dyspepsia, frequent eructations, regurgitation of food, flatulent colic.
Wind forces are additive.
Wind generation is a complicated matter.
Wind generation is alternative energy
A wind generator is a generator
Wind generators give off a low frequency sound which shakes objects in near by homes.
Wind generators have lots of moving parts.
Wind generators help supply power, while catchment systems trap rainwater in cisterns.
Wind generators produce varying amounts of power depending on wind speed.
Wind generators run day and night.
Wind generators run on a resource that is free.
Wind generators use large turbines that look like the propeller of an airplane.
Wind generators use the wind to generate DC electrical power.
Wind gusts can cause the blade tips to dip below their normal position.
Wind gusts can move the telescope slightly resulting in poor CCD images.
Wind gusts can vary so branches came down.
Wind gusts catch on ridges of crusty snow and flip the snow over to make a snowball.
Wind gusts come up occasionally.
Wind gusts force back the light withholding dawn.
Wind gusts lift the bow, propelling the boat forward with finger-tip control.
Wind gusts pick up hurricane force, accompanied by thunder and lightning.
Wind gusts Sounds from electrical discharges in the dust clouds.
Wind infection occurs in ages.
A wind instrument is a musical instrument
Wind instruments are acoustic instruments.
Wind instruments are located in cabinets.
Wind instruments are located in music stores.
Wind instruments are located in symphonies.
Wind instruments are musical instruments.
Wind instruments are used for orchestras.
Wind instruments depend on the vibration of a column of air to produce sound.
All wind instruments come complete with corrosion resistance sensors, cables, and connectors.
All wind instruments consist of a sound generator and a resonant air column, or cavity.
All wind instruments consist of a sound generator and a resonant air column.
All wind instruments get a turn on the melody.
Some wind instruments are great, others are lame.
Wind loads are the dominant loads acting on a tall building.
Wind loads push horizontally on a structure.
Wind loading can produce dangerous loading and slabs on lee slopes .
Wind loading can produce dangerous loading and slabs on lee slopes.
Wind loading is available for structures that rise above the free surface of the water.
Wind loading is therefore greater than that of a vessel riding at anchor.
Wind machines are just as efficient as coal plants.
Wind machines are quite simple to set up and use.
Wind machines are towers with propellers at the top.
Wind machines produce no air or water pollution because no fuel is burned to generate electricity.
Wind machines stand tall and wide to capture more wind.
Most wind machines have vertical blades attached to a horizontal shaft.
Wind mills are another way to produce electricity.
Wind mills are of comparatively late origin.
Wind mills convert energy.
Wind mills convert wind energy.
Most wind mills convert energy.
Most wind mills convert wind energy.
Wind pants help if it's really windy.
Wind patterns are dependable and the prevailing winds constant in direction and strength.
Some wind patterns contribute to disasters.
Wind pollination can work in angiosperms too, where almost-monocultures occur.
Wind pollination is insignificant.
Wind pollination is less efficient than animal-assisted pollination.
Wind pollination is most efficient where there are dense populations of the same species.
Wind power plants have impact.
Wind power plants have little impact.
Wind power power is generated by forces.
Wind power adds to our local renewable resources.
Wind power benefits public health, the environment and the economy.
Wind power can help.
Wind power can provide an important economic boost to farmers.
Wind power carries potential economic benefit as well.
Wind power consumes no fuel, and emits no air pollution, unlike fossil fuel power sources.
Wind power continues to be the fastest growing source of new power.
Wind power converts mechanical energy.
Wind power creates more jobs than any other type of power generation.
Wind power creates no pollution, has no fuel cost and is infinitely renewable.
Wind power depends on wind to keep electricity going.
Wind power determines the amount of electricity that can be produced annually.
Wind power draws energy from the naturally occurring breezes of the earth.
Wind power eliminates the risks of price spikes common with fossil fuel.
Wind power emits no pollution and has little impact on the land.
Wind power emits no pollution and has very little impact on the land.
Wind power emits no pollution at all.
Wind power enjoys strong backing from environmental groups.
Wind power has a long history in Texas .
Wind power has a long history in Texas.
Wind power has many advantages.
Wind power has no routine emissions and no long-lived radioactive wastes, for instance.
Wind power has no toxic waste.
Wind power has the highest rate of growth of any electrical energy producer.
Wind power have two side effects though.
Wind power is a clean energy source that can be relied on for the long-term future.
Wind power is a good alternative source of energy for the big coastal cities.
Wind power is a growing industry in the United States.
Wind power is a key element of the UK government's renewable energy strategy.
Wind power is a measure of the energy available in the wind.
Wind power is a proven technology and has been used to generate electricity for many years.
Wind power is a reliable, affordable and pollution-free source of energy.
Wind power is a renewable, low-carbon footprint energy supply option.
Wind power is affordable, and growing fast.
Wind power is also a regional solution of limited capacity.
Wind power is also among the cheapest of the renewable energy sources.
Wind power is also highly unattractive.
Wind power is alternative energy
Wind power is an economical resource today compared to purchases of power on the wholesale market.
Wind power is an especially attractive target of investment.
Wind power is an ideal source of renewable energy.
Wind power is an important part of the equation.
Wind power is another ancient energy source that has moved into the modern era.
Wind power is cheap and effective in rural areas such as the great plains.
Wind power is clean and safe.
Wind power is clean, but the voltage is unstable because of the fluctuations in wind speed.
Wind power is clean, quiet and safe.
Wind power is considered a renewable energy source.
Wind power is considered to be renewable energy.
Wind power is derived from the conversion of the energy contained in wind into electricity.
Wind power is especially popular in Europe.
Wind power is extremely site dependent.
Wind power is generated through the use of a turbine, usually mounted on a tower.
Wind power is just what the doctor ordered.
Wind power is less practical even than solar.
Wind power is more available during certain seasons because climatic conditions affect wind speed.
Wind power is more labor intensive than fossil fuel or nuclear source of energy.
Wind power is no longer a hippie pipe dream, but a technological reality.
Wind power is nothing new for Iowa or other states in the Great Plains.
Wind power is now competitive, on price, with many conventional energy technologies.
Wind power is now cost-competitive with fossil fuel energy sources.
Wind power is now the world's fastest growing energy source.
Wind power is one of the fastest growing forms of renewable energy in the Midwest.
Wind power is only one alternative source.
Wind power is pretty benign.
Wind power is real, practical, reliable and affordable, and growing quickly around the world.
Wind power is renewable .
Wind power is set to become an important means of generating electricity worldwide.
Wind power is set to take off in New South Wales.
Wind power is sold in blocks.
Wind power is still relatively costly compared with conventional power sources.
Wind power is the answer.
Wind power is the best competitor to produce the energy needed to make the hydrogen.
Wind power is the cleanest form of renewable energy.
Wind power is the closest to the double-triple rule.
Wind power is the current darling of the eco-energy set.
Wind power is the fastest growing energy source in the world.
Wind power is the fastest growing new energy source in the world.
Wind power is the fastest growing source of energy in the world.
Wind power is the main source of energy.
Wind power is the one energy source that is pollution free.
Wind power is the world's fastest growing energy source.
Wind power is the world's fastest-growing energy source.
Wind power is thus proportional to the third power of the wind velocity.
Wind power is used in northern communities.
Wind power is used where large flat expanses of land allow large wind speeds to accumulate.
Wind power is, of course, an ancient concept.
Wind power looks to be one of the most promising of the alternative sources of energy.
Wind power needs fairly consistent wind.
Wind power offers the least cost for generating capacity.
Wind power produces minimal amounts of carbon dioxide, the main greenhouse gas.
Wind power produces no air emissions.
Wind power produces no carbon dioxide, sulphur dioxide or nitrous oxide emissions.
Wind power produces no toxic pollution or global warming emissions in use.
Wind power raises some other concerns.
Wind power reduces global warming.
Wind power reduces the cost of electricity, creates jobs, and is good for our environment.
Wind power represents an even more compelling argument for remote homeowners.
Wind power requires conditions.
Wind power requires storage batteries which are toxic when disposed of.
Wind power requires weather conditions.
Wind power saves natural resources.
Wind power suffers from the same lack of energy density as direct solar radiation.
Wind power suffers from the same problem.
Wind power uses energy from the moving air to turn large blades on windmills.
Wind power uses energy.
Wind power uses moving air as a source of energy.
Wind power uses the natural force of the air currents to turn turbines.
Wind power varies depending on the location.
Wind power varies with time, but in a different way.
More wind power means less smog, acid rain, and greenhouse gas emissions.
Most wind power requires conditions.
Most wind power requires weather conditions.
Most wind power uses energy.
Some wind power has advantage.
Some wind power has many advantage.
Some wind power reduces consumption.
Wind pressure is one important reason why sign faces are thermoformed into pan shapes.
Wind pressure is the force exerted on a structure by the wind.
Wind pressure is three inches throughout.
Wind pressures are very significant on the large wall surfaces of a two-storey barn.
Wind resistance causes vehicles to use more fuel at higher speeds.
Wind resistance determines a pacing strategy for hills.
Wind resistance is also a minor consideration.
Wind resistance is good.
Wind resistance is reduced.
Wind resistance is the cyclists biggest barrier to speed.
Wind resistance transfers the kinetic energy to the air.
Wind River has a lot of new and very exciting technologies to offer.
Wind River has offices in North America and worldwide .
Wind River intends to continue to sell the complete product suite.
Wind River is a good example of a superposed stream .
Wind River is a leading provider of software and services for smart devices in the Internet age.
Wind River is a worldwide leader in an industry that is growing exponentially.
Wind River is a worldwide leader in embedded software.
Wind River is an elemental operating system company.
Wind River is an equal opportunities employer.
Wind River is an equal opportunity employer.
Wind River is How Smart Things Think .
Wind River is how smart things think.
Wind River is How Smart Things Think.
Wind River is indisputably the world class leader in embedded software development tools.
Wind River is represented with sales offices in various countries throughout Europe.
Wind River is the third largest reservation in the United States.
Wind River is the worldwide leader in embedded software.
Wind River makes operating system software for embedded devices, including Net devices.
Wind River makes some nice wooden ones.
Wind River provides a development environment for complex real-time and embedded applications.
Wind River provides software development tools and embedded real-time operating systems.
Wind River provides to customers in reducing their critical time to market requirements.
Wind River reserves the right to edit, modify, delete or deny access to any account.
Wind run is the distance a chunk of air travelled in a whole day.
Wind scoop faces prevailing summer breezes for cooling.
Wind scorpions are very fast runners, hence the name.
Wind shear can also create wave .
Wind shear can be a huge factor in some applications.
Wind shear can occur at high or low altitude.
Wind shear can tear the hurricane apart.
Wind shear causes air near the surface to rotate horizontally.
Wind shear describes the increase in wind speed related to an increase in height.
Wind shear has a major impact on tropical cyclone intensity.
Wind shear is a change in the force or direction of wind from one atmospheric level to the next.
Wind shear is a change in the wind's direction, or speed, or both, with height.
Wind shear is a change in wind speed with height.
Wind shear is a difference in wind speed and direction over a set distance in the atmosphere.
Wind shear is a sharp change in wind direction or speed that can occur during strong thunderstorms.
Wind shear is a sharp difference in wind speed at different levels in the atmosphere.
Wind shear is a weather phenomenon that results in a sudden burst of wind over a short distance.
Wind shear is also a hazard for aircraft making steep turns near the ground.
Wind shear is also a key factor in the creation of severe thunderstorms.
Wind shear is an important aspect of a squall line.
Wind shear is an important aspect to measuring the potential of squall line severity and duration.
Wind shear is an important factor in predicting the intensity of a cyclone.
Wind shear is an important ingredient.
Wind shear is any sudden change of speed or direction in wind flow.
Wind shear is basically the change of wind speed or direction over a given distance.
Wind shear is change in wind speed with direction and height.
Wind shear is greatest where jet stream is present.
Wind shear is often the most critical factor controlling hurricane formation and destruction.
Wind shear is the change of wind speed and direction.
Wind shear is the difference in wind velocity at upper and low levels in the atmosphere.
Wind shear is vital in the formation of powerful, long-lasting and consequently severe storms.
Wind shear refers to a change in wind speed or direction with height in the atmosphere.
Wind shear refers to the variation of wind over either horizontal or vertical distances.
Wind shears result in motion.
Most wind shears result in motion.
A wind sock is a visual signal
WIND SOCK Make a great windsock from an oatmeal box and paper.
Wind speed affects the rate of mixing.
Wind speed affects the rate of potential evaporation and snowmelt.
Wind speed affects the weather condition.
Wind speed decreases as the complex structures in forests absorb wind energy.
Wind speed decreases close to ground due to surface friction.
Wind speed determines the depth of the bow.
Wind speed drops off.
Wind speed exhibits a diurnal cycle, generally peaking at noon and weakest at night.
Wind speed exhibits a strong seasonal cycle, lowest in the winter and higher in the summer.
Wind speed has only a magnitude.
Wind speed increases strongly with altitude, while temperature decreases.
Wind speed increases the height of ocean waves.
Wind speed is a fact of aircraft performance.
Wind speed is a reflection of the air pressure gradients.
Wind speed is also a critical factor to the actual delivery of the spray from aircraft.
Wind speed is also very dependant uponelevation above ground level.
Wind speed is calculated from the location of the maximum of the quadratic polynomial function.
Wind speed is caused by air moving from high pressure to low pressure.
Wind speed is color coded, with orange indicating highest speeds.
Wind speed is determined by counting pulses over a sample period.
Wind speed is determined by using a hand-held anemometer or from a portable meteorological station.
Wind speed is determined in the traditional way from mean rotor speed.
Wind speed is for standard sea-level conditions.
Wind speed is gauged with an anemometer.
Wind speed is given in miles per hour and storm surge is measured in wave feet.
Wind speed is given in miles per hour.
Wind speed is high when the lines are close together and low when the lines are far apart.
Wind speed is highly variable from one location to another and during the day.
Wind speed is important for wind energy.
Wind speed is in kilometres per hour.
Wind speed is in knots and the table is set up to refresh once per minute.
Wind speed is in tens of degrees and speed is in miles per hour.
Wind speed is indicated by the darkness of the streamline.
Wind speed is measured by an anemometer, of which there are many kinds.
Wind speed is measured by an anemometer.
Wind speed is measured by anemometers, most commonly using rotating cups or propellers.
Wind speed is measured by the rate at which the cups turn.
Wind speed is measured in meters per second.
Wind speed is measured using a cup anemometer .
Wind speed is measured using an anemometer, pictured below.
Wind speed is measured using either of two instruments.
Wind speed is measured with a anemometer.
Wind speed is measured with a cup anemometer .
Wind speed is measured with a small thermister as a hot wire anemometer.
Wind speed is measured with an anemometer.
Wind speed is measured with an instrument called an anemometer.
Wind speed is measured with the three-cup anemometer pictured above.
Wind speed is no longer available.
Wind speed is our dependent variable, so it goes on the vertical axis.
Wind speed is recorded on a stripchart recorder at the weather station.
Wind speed is reported in meters per second.
Wind speed is shown in the second figure.
Wind speed is the determining factor in the scale.
Wind speed is the speed at which the wind is moving in relation to the ground.
Wind speed is the vector difference between the airspeed and the ground speed.
Wind speed is the velocity attained by a mass of air traveling horizontally through the atmosphere.
Wind Speed Try the challenge.
Wind speed varies throughout the country.
Wind speed varies with the seasons, time of day, and region.
Wind speeds are a critical factor in determining the potential for wind power.
Wind speeds are faster than previous months but are still generally from the South, bringing warmth.
Wind speeds are generally light in the continental arctic interior throughout the year.
Wind speeds are generally lower in urban areas compared to more exposed rural locations.
Wind speeds are highest across exposed ridges.
Wind speeds are in knots.
Wind speeds are in metres per second.
Wind speeds are low - mostly upslpe, upvalley.
Wind speeds are now correct, and soundings are readable.
Wind speeds are proportional to the strength of the height gradient.
Wind speeds are stronger near the ground than aloft.
Wind speeds are thus lower.
Wind speeds are typically highest in winter and lowest in summer.
Wind speeds are usually too low and finding acceptable sites almost impossible.
Wind speeds are very difficult to measure in tornadoes.
Wind speeds blow east to west in a belt, and west to east in a zone.
Wind speeds can be none, breezy or more gusty.
Wind speeds can exceed double the value of normal trade winds.
Wind speeds can vary, making it hard to keep turbines operating at a consistent level.
Wind speeds die off at higher altitudes.
Wind speeds vary with the terrain, season, and time of day.
Wind speeds vary with the terrain, season, and time of the day.
All wind speeds are in miles per hour.
Wind storms buffet the campsite, whipping up the sand and coating everything with a fine dust.
Wind storms can last for days in the spring.
Wind strength is divided into flat calm, light, brisk and strong wind and storm.
Wind technology is the right scale for developing a manufacturing industry in Newfoundland.
Wind throw is common with most Hawthorns.
Wind throw is most likely when surrounding trees have been removed, as on a new play ground.
Wind towers are less expensive, larger, and more efficient than at any time in the past.
A wind tunnel is a structure
Wind tunnels are chambers through which air flows during tests of airplane and spacecraft shapes.
Wind tunnels are chambers through which air flows during tests of airplane shapes.
Wind tunnels are marvelously easy to create.
Wind tunnels are structures.
Wind tunnels are used in the design of planes.
Wind tunnels are very limited.
Wind tunnels assist a proliferant in estimating the extent of any needed modifications.
Wind tunnels come in all shapes and sizes and are of two basic types.
Wind tunnels come in many different sizes.
Wind tunnels provide vital information for a variety of structural designs.
Wind tunnels test new flight concepts before any flights are made.
Wind tunnels throw storms upon the North Western corner of Galilee.
Wind tunnels vary in size according to their function.
All wind tunnels have computerized data acquisition and analysis systems.
Some wind tunnels are very large and can hold models that are the size of the real airplane.
A wind turbine is a turbine
Wind turbines are a distinctive feature of our modern landscape.
Wind turbines are a great way to get energy without pollution.
Wind turbines are affected by wind shear.
Wind turbines are also much more aesthetically pleasing than a coal burning plant.
Wind turbines are also visible for great distances on certain landscapes.
Wind turbines are appropriate in high wind locations with ready access to technical service support.
Wind turbines are available in a variety of sizes, and therefore power ratings.
Wind turbines are complex nonlinear systems and their regulation is a challenging control task.
Wind turbines are Denmark's fourth largest export commodity.
Wind turbines are designed to exploit the wind energy that exists at a location.
Wind turbines are effectively just electric generators with a propeller on the front.
Wind turbines are essentially pollution-free, except for the manufacturing process.
Wind turbines are eye-catching new elements or landmarks on the landscape.
Wind turbines are good energy producers, but poor demand reducers.
Wind turbines are large and cost a lot of money to construct.
Wind turbines are limited to the lowest few metres of the atmosphere.
Wind turbines are low impact.
Wind turbines are machines that change the energy in wind into mechanical or electrical energy.
Wind turbines are manufactured in a wide range of vertical and horizontal axis types.
Wind turbines are most economical where the energy charges are high.
Wind turbines are non-polluting and are driven entirely by nature's forces.
Wind turbines are now among the most cost-effective ways of generating renewable energy.
Wind turbines are now utility-grade power generation systems rather than experimental devices.
Wind turbines are part of wind farms.
Wind turbines are popular with people in Denmark.
Wind turbines are turbines.
Wind turbines are very useful in almost any marine or household electrical system.
Wind turbines can be very big.
Wind turbines can now provide over half of our electricity and reduce global warming and pollution.
Wind turbines can stand alone or be part of large wind farms.
Wind turbines capture the energy of the wind to produce electricity.
Wind turbines capture the kinetic energy of wind and convert it into electricity.
Wind turbines capture the solar energy in wind and convert it into electricity.
Wind turbines change the kinetic energy of air molecules in wind into electricity.
Wind turbines come in a number of different types.
Wind turbines convert energy.
Wind turbines convert kinetic energy into mechanical power.
Wind turbines convert kinetic energy.
Wind turbines convert mechanical energy of the wind to produce electrical energy.
Wind turbines convert power.
Wind turbines convert the kinetic energy in the wind into mechanical power.
Wind turbines convert the kinetic energy of the wind into mechanical power.
Wind turbines convert the kinetic energy of wind energy into mechanical power.
Wind turbines convert the mechanical energy from the wind into electrical energy.
Wind turbines convert wind energy to electricity for distribution.
Wind turbines do occupy more land than other energy technologies.
Wind turbines do use chemical energy in one way though.
Wind turbines generate electricity in Palm Springs, California.
Wind turbines generate electricity.
Wind turbines generate energy.
Wind turbines generate power at high cost to electric consumers.
Wind turbines harness the power of the wind with spinning rotors that drive electrical generators.
Wind turbines have blades.
Wind turbines have brakes.
Wind turbines have fans.
Wind turbines have limitations.
Wind turbines make electricity by operating the opposite of a fan.
Wind turbines make electricity.
Wind turbines make enough electricity.
Wind turbines operate in fluctuating, relatively slowly moving air currents.
Wind turbines operate on a simple principle.
Wind turbines produce a lot of noise.
Wind turbines produce electricity by using the natural power of the wind to drive a generator.
Wind turbines produce electricity with no pollution.
Wind turbines produce electricity.
Wind turbines produce enough electricity.
Wind turbines produce no air emissions or greenhouse gases.
Wind turbines produce power.
Wind turbines produce the lowest-quality electricity on the planet.
Wind turbines provide electricity.
Wind turbines provide enough electricity.
Wind turbines rated for arctic use are currently available commercially.
Wind turbines require assemblies.
Wind turbines tend to vibrate and transmit the vibration to the structure on which they are mounted.
Wind turbines turn generators producing energy.
Wind turbines use only the energy from the moving air to generate electricity.
Wind turbines use stall to control power output of a system.
Wind turbines use the same principles of physics as airplanes.
Wind turbines use the wind to drive turbines directly.
Wind turbines use wind flows to generate electricity.
Wind turbines use wind to turn the turbine.
Wind turbines use wind.
Wind turbines vary greatly in size, and the installed price is in direct proportion to size.
All wind turbines track the wind.
Most wind turbines are horizontal-axis propeller type systems.
Most wind turbines convert energy.
Most wind turbines convert kinetic energy.
Most wind turbines convert power.
Most wind turbines designed for battery charging come with a regulator to prevent overcharge.
Most wind turbines generate electricity from naturally occurring wind.
Most wind turbines generate electricity.
Most wind turbines generate energy.
Most wind turbines have brakes.
Most wind turbines have fans.
Most wind turbines have limitations.
Most wind turbines look like airplane propellers mounted on towers.
Most wind turbines make electricity.
Most wind turbines make enough electricity.
Most wind turbines produce electricity.
Most wind turbines produce enough electricity.
Most wind turbines produce power.
Most wind turbines provide electricity.
Most wind turbines provide enough electricity.
Most wind turbines require assemblies.
Most wind turbines run at almost constant speed with direct grid connection.
Most wind turbines use generators with four or six poles.
Most wind turbines use wind.
Some wind turbines change energy.
Some wind turbines have a vertical axis.
Some wind turbines produce as much as three times their rated power during gusts.
A wind vane is a mechanical device
Wind vanes can be both simple and advanced.
Wind vanes determine wind direction.
Wind vanes point toward the origin of the wind instead of in the direction of the flow.
Wind velocities increase as winter approaches.
Wind velocities increase with altitude above the water.
Wind velocity accelerates body heat loss under conditions of both coldness and wetness.
Wind velocity can have major effects on early plant growth and development.
Wind velocity is considered a vector, as it represents both the wind's magnitude and direction.
Wind velocity is different at ground level than at higher altitudes, and can change quickly.
Wind velocity is higher at the extended height and is taken into account.
Wind velocity is highest at the shoreline, as is the frequency of flooding and the wave energy.
Wind velocity is illustrated as streamlines with directional arrows arrows, colored by speed.
Wind velocity is illustrated as vector arrows, colored by speed.
Wind velocity is measured by means of an anemometer or radar.
Wind velocity is one of the parameters in the study.
Wind velocity is processed at two levels to alarm to burst wind signatures.
Wind velocity is stronger during the winter months and weakest during late summer.
Wind velocity is the concern of the team.
Wind velocity is the dominant environmental condition affecting spray drift.
Wind wave tide involves convert kinetic energy.
Wind wave tide involves energy.
Wind wave tide involves kinetic energy.
Wind waves are a more localized phenomenon.
Wind waves are very efficient agents of size-sorting .
Wind waves tend to be smaller, while swell waves tend to be larger.
Wind accompanies cold weather.
Wind accompanies weather.
Wind affects animals' food stores, as well as their hunting and defensive strategies.
Wind affects areas.
Wind affects perceptions of temperature particularly with lower temperatures.
Wind affects temperature.
Wind affects the freeze factor.
Wind affects weather.
Wind allows circulation and mixing of the lake water.
Wind also affects animals' food stores, their hunting and the way they protect themselves.
Wind also affects the rate of pollen collection.
Wind also affects the spread of wildfires .
Wind also blows in debris and trash, which is removed from the area frequently.
Wind also can curl around and bring in ozone from the Ohio Valley.
Wind also can spread the virus through the air.
Wind also carries heat to or from outside building surfaces by convection.
Wind also carries materials into lakes.
Wind also carries the sacs between trees, spreading infestations further.
Wind also causes waves.
Wind also contributes to the spread of wild fires.
Wind also dries fuels, and it causes fires to spread.
Wind also generates surface currents that move sediment along shore.
Wind also has an effect on light penetration.
Wind also helps aerate the water.
Wind also helps distribute warm and cold air preventing harmful hot or cold air pockets.
Wind also helps in the formation of sand dunes.
Wind also helps to aerate the water.
Wind also helps to redistribute the sun's heat from the tropics into the cooler polar regions.
Wind also helps water evaporate more quickly.
Wind also influences the likelihood of frost.
Wind also limits tree growth.
Wind also make human impacts more possible.
Wind also makes the game real interesting.
Wind also offers the advantage of steady, predictable pricing.
Wind also passes over the outside.
Wind also plays a role in the erosional process.
Wind also presents a danger when a fire is burning.
Wind also produces a mechanical shaking action which is known to affect plant growth.
Wind also works to wear away or erode the rock.
Wind appears to be a method of seed dispersal, although distance of dispersal is limited.
Wind appears to play no role.
Wind are caused when the cool denser air pushes the lighter warm air and causes it be displaced.
Wind arises from heat.
WIND assigns the most computationally intensive zones to the highest entries in the list.
Wind associates with storms.
Wind barely moves tree leaves.
Wind based loess deposits also form an important parent material for prairie soils.
Wind becomes a little bit of a factor later in the day.
Wind becomes calm and still.
WIND believes in broad-based, open community participation in economic development.
Wind blowing across a roof surface creates a negative air pressure.
Wind blowing across neck stump produces annoying whistle.
Wind blowing across the face of the ocean produces a fine mist of sea spray in the lower atmosphere.
Wind blowing across the surface mixes the reservoir, bringing in life giving oxygen to all depths.
Wind blowing around and over a building can play havoc with air distribution.
Wind blowing at Mars makes dust storms.
Wind blowing down the Owens Valley can be very strong and gusty in the spring.
Wind blowing into the room from the window, The burning of the candle is now quite slow.
Wind blowing on a back facing step , the pictures show the vorticity field.
Wind blowing on the blade turns the spoke so that the blade lines up in the direction of the wind.
Wind blowing over the surface of the sea causes friction at the interface between air and sea.
Wind blowing over warmer water picks up more moisture, contributing to stronger thunderstorms.
Wind blowing through the tree tops sounds like distant rushing water.
Wind blown banks are the key to creating a few strikes.
Wind blown dust and dirt can cause permanent eye damage.
Wind blown dusts is the most likely sources.
Wind blown hoodoos and tall spires make up the spectacular scenery.
Wind blown organic debris and sub-surface water allows unique fauna and flora to develop.
Wind blown points can make for classic mudlines, and are relatively easy to distinguish.
Wind blown shorelines can be especially productive.
Wind blown soils include dune sands and loess .
Wind blown through the propeller causes the fan to rotate.
Wind blown weed seeds, especially bermuda grass, can be a real nuisance.
Wind blows across the open spaces of the desert and picks up sand and other sediments.
Wind blows across the passage too, making windsurfers a fairly common site.
Wind blows against the sails , pushing the boat through the water .
Wind blows against the sails, pushing the boat through the water.
Wind blows amidst the flames engulfing the house.
Wind blows as a result of a pressure difference and the rotation of the earth.
Wind Blows away or knocks down smaller creatures.
Wind blows away smog.
Wind blows azimuth arm with brakes on.
Wind blows east in a belt, and west in a zone.
Wind blows from oceans toward land, rising when it hits mountains.
Wind blows from ocreans toward land, rising when it hits mountains.
Wind blows from the land to the sea.
Wind blows from the sea to the land.
Wind blows fungal spores from plant to plant.
Wind blows hair as rapid as whitewater.
Wind blows hard though transparency is good.
Wind blows harder and a patch of evening sky opens up above with the patterns of pale stars.
Wind blows hauntingly through the halls.
Wind blows in various forms of plankton, which in turn attracts bait fish such as shad and bream.
Wind blows it from the flowers on one plant to the flowers on another plant .
Wind blows it from the flowers on one plant to the flowers on another plant.
Wind blows right through the fabric.
Wind blows sand and animal and human faeces into the water holes.
Wind blows sand particles from side to side.
Wind blows snow against the wall .
Wind blows the clouds in.
Wind blows the different components of the discharge to the right.
Wind blows the flame alive.
Wind blows the seeds and pollen of weeds into farm fields, choking out crops.
Wind blows things around.
Wind blows up dry leaves from the ground.
Wind blows upon the particles of dust and soil settled on the Earth s surface and cleans it.
Wind borne salt can stunt growth.
Wind breaks connections of few xylem cells and leaves fall.
Wind brings air.
Wind brings cold air.
Wind brings cold continental air.
Wind brings continental air.
Wind brings more dust to cover the remains.
Wind brings rainfall.
Wind brings the clouds and the weather.
Wind brings weather.
Wind brings with it, the characteristics of the continent.
Wind buffeting over the top of the windshield can be rather strong.
Wind can act on exposed beach sediments and create smaller-scale landforms on the beach.
Wind can affect surface temperatures in the same manner as stack pressure.
Wind can affect the uniformity of the fertilizer application.
Wind can also be a factor affecting evaporation.
Wind can also carry spores of pathogens.
Wind can also cause plants damage through sand abrasion .
Wind can also cause plants damage through sand abrasion.
Wind can also change the thermocline.
Wind can also create life-threatening conditions.
Wind can also create sound.
Wind can also create waves with heights that vary according to the wind speed.
Wind can also curve or even rotate.
Wind can also erode material until nothing remains at all.
Wind can also generate vertical water motions in processes called upwelling and downwelling.
Wind can also make valleys larger by erosion.
Wind can also move and carve the snow in the same way it blows around grains of sand.
Wind can also move horizontally across the earth's surface near the poles and the equator.
Wind can also pile snow too deeply on the plants, causing cane breakage from the weight.
Wind can also shear off the top of an eruptive column making it appear shorter.
Wind can also speed container substrate temperature decreases.
Wind can also spread fungal spores.
Wind can also spread venturia inaequalis fungal spores.
Wind can also start up tides and then destroy ships.
Wind can also transport particles by saltation along the ground and in suspension as dust.
Wind can alter surface materials, especially in desert climates, both by erosion and by deposition.
Wind can be a big factor.
Wind can be a critical factor.
Wind can be a detriment as the plant dries too quickly.
Wind can be a difficult problem for all drivers.
Wind can be a factor here.
Wind can be a factor.
Wind can be a huge factor year-round.
Wind can be a major factor.
Wind can be a particular problem in desert regions.
Wind can be a problem for all vehicles and, especially small and high profile vehicles.
Wind can be a problem in open areas.
Wind can be a problem in stands that have recently been thinned or are adjacent to clearcuts.
Wind can be a problem, however most days the mornings are calm.
Wind can be a problem.
Wind can be a real bummer.
Wind can be a significant factor, particularly in the Southwest.
Wind can be brutal.
Wind can be devastating.
Wind can be really hard on pumpkin leaves and vines.
Wind can be strong throughout the year and inclement weather can occur with little notice.
Wind can blow chemicals from far away and acid raid can affect the soil of a field.
Wind can blow chemicals from far away and acid rain can affect the soil of a field.
Wind can blow shad all over the lake.
Wind can blow small soil particles to which the contamination is attached.
Wind can blow smog away.
Wind can blow so slowly and gently that it can barely be felt.
Wind can blow the ballast off causing damage to the membrane or other surfaces.
Wind can both break and move rocks the size of a grain of sand.
Wind can break down rock over a long period.
Wind can carry a storm great distances.
Wind can carry infected plant material miles away from the original infection site.
Wind can carry it dozens or hundreds of miles.
Wind can carry pollen from one plant to another, but insects, particularly bees, are important.
Wind can carry pollutants hundreds of miles from their origin.
Wind can carry the virus particles very long distances - possibly a hundred miles or more.
Wind can cause a wind whistle, a wind rush, and a wind roar.
Wind can cause antennas to vibrate, which can weaken the mortar joints.
Wind can cause damage to buildings and bring down power lines.
Wind can cause drift from liquid applicators and misplacement of dry materials.
Wind can cause erosion too.
Wind can cause extensive economic damage.
Wind can cause pollen to be carried farther.
Wind can cause problems.
Wind can cause several problems for plants.
Wind can cause ships to drag anchor.
Wind can cause spraying problems during the growing season.
Wind can change randomly or can be controlled.
Wind can change stability by redistributing snow.
Wind can chill the body as air moves over it.
Wind can come up unpredictably even on the sunniest warmest days.
Wind can come up unpredictably even on the sunniest, warmest days.
Wind can concentrate swimmer's itch parasites in shallow beach areas.
Wind can control fire and water.
Wind can create the same effect.
Wind can damage crops.
Wind can damage flowers and reduce yields.
Wind can damage trees suffering from lack of moisture at any season.
Wind can deposit material anywhere whereas water travels downhill.
Wind can desiccate young vines, reducing their rate of growth and delaying establishment.
Wind can dramatically reduce temperatures, and hypothermia can set in rapidly.
Wind can drift pesticides to nontarget sites.
Wind can dry out the plants.
Wind can easily blow down, blow apart, or blow away even the best mountaineering tents.
Wind can easily blow loose clothing into grill cooking surface.
Wind can effectively disperse urediniospores over great distances.
Wind can either enhance or slow a runner's speed.
Wind can erode by deflation and abrasion .
Wind can flood the shoreline and change the course of rivers.
Wind can force snow under their feathers, where it is melted by body heat.
Wind can form around clouds and cloud formation can produce wind.
Wind can frequently be a problem.
Wind can get under the tarp and pull the jack stands out from under the boat.
Wind can grind rock right down to dust.
Wind can have two different effects on thunder.
Wind can make a hot day turn cold.
Wind can make fishing difficult.
Wind can make for faster drying conditions than in the studio and weather can be unpredictable.
Wind can make it better.
Wind can make paddling difficult regardless of the canoe.
Wind can make some interesting shapes.
Wind can move land, especially in deserts.
Wind can move male moths and young caterpillars, but it doesn t spread the moths rapidly.
Wind can move sediment grains over long distances when they are carried through the air.
Wind can move silently, or wind can roar.
Wind can only enter the body and wreak havoc when it encounters emptiness.
Wind can only wear down solid rock over long time periods.
Wind can place large energy demands on a horse in winter, as can disease.
Wind can play a large role in the player's success.
Wind can play a major factor in club selection, particularly in the afternoons.
Wind can play a major part in moving sand on the beach face, sand flats and dunes.
Wind can play a major role during the week of the tournament.
Wind can play havoc with poorly pitched marquees.
Wind can prevent formation of fog.
Wind can produce a very hard slab.
Wind can produce several distinctive kinds of waves.
Wind can provide energy and it's also an agent of erosion.
Wind can push a toy out of a user s reach.
Wind can push the empty barges, making it difficult to control the tow.
Wind can shred leaves and break branches, and sun can scorch the leaves.
Wind can slow dry fly fishing.
Wind can sometimes blow sand into towering dunes.
Wind can spread fire rapidly to occupied homes.
Wind can spread pathogens from one area to another, even many miles.
Wind can spread sediment over large areas.
Wind can stir up water and add oxygen.
Wind can sway outdoor pipes.
Wind can then easily blow the soil away and rain can wash it away.
Wind can transport the larvae some distance to other feeding sites.
Wind can trigger the formation of Phlegm.
Wind can work along with solar generation to provide more uniform power input.
Wind carries a set of instruments to study the solar wind, as well as two gamma ray burst detectors.
Wind carries dust.
Wind carries energy.
Wind carries fine particles of sand and grit that literally sandblast away the ink.
Wind carries fine particles.
Wind carries heat away by driving cold air through clothing.
Wind carries kinetic energy.
Wind carries nitrogen.
Wind carries particles.
Wind carries pollen from the male cone to the female cone.
Wind carries pollen from the male to the female flowers.
Wind carries pollen to the sticky receptive surface of the ovule.
Wind carries rust spores between plants.
Wind carries sand up the gently sloping side of the dune.
Wind carries scent to the dog, but also disperses it.
Wind carries small particles.
Wind carries snow creating blizzard like conditions.
Wind carries the disease back to junipers.
Wind carries the fungal spores from the cankers to developing leaf and twig tissue.
Wind carries the pieces , which grow when moisture returns .
Wind carries the pieces, which grow when moisture returns.
Wind carries the pollen from the cones and spreads it.
Wind carries thrips over long distances.
Wind carrying sand can abrade and polish bedrock surfaces.
Wind carrying sand wears particles off rock like sandpaper.
Wind causes a distortion of the water application pattern.
Wind causes cold weather.
Wind causes effects.
Wind causes evaporation.
Wind causes ripples in the water, which causes the wind to have something to push.
Wind causes the generation of sound.
Wind causes the pond water to evaporate, increasing the percentage of salt in the water.
Wind causes waves that travel in the ocean.
Wind causes weather.
Wind celebrates newer blessings in a life, and prosperity.
Wind changes directions and force without warning.
Wind changes the challenge of turkey hunting.
Wind Check out our great weather features .
Wind chimes functional and decorative items.
Wind Chimes How to make a set of homemade wind chimes.
Wind chimes tinkle softly in the breeze.
Wind chimes Unique dragonfly wind chime.
Wind chimes wchimes.krz . .
Wind circles the Earth and plays an important role in determining weather conditions.
Wind combined with additional water weight puts undue strain on the fabric and stitching.
Wind comes and blows away all dust.
Wind comes from a single direction.
Wind comes from outside forces or interior conditions such as emotions, diet and heredity.
Wind comes from sides.
Wind comes from the movement of air resulting from thermal gradients and the earth's rotation.
Wind comes in several strengths.
Wind comes in to pay almost every day.
Wind comes into play later in the day.
Wind comes into play most every day.
Wind comes up the shaft and is nice a cool after the end of the long hike up to the top.
Wind coming from the sea brings the necessary humidity.
Wind compounds the problem.
Wind consists of both speed and direction, thus it is a vector.
Wind consists of forces.
Wind consists of pressure gradient forces.
Wind constantly batters their leaves.
Wind contains vapor.
Wind contains water vapor.
Wind continues to be a problem for applicators.
Wind continues to reshape the Martian surface.
Wind continues to terrorize farmers and applicators.
Wind contributes to storms.
Wind creates a turbulence problem for helicopter operations.
Wind creates blizzard conditions.
Wind creates conditions.
Wind creates effects.
Wind creates environments.
Wind creates forces.
Wind creates large sand dunes on the barrier beaches.
Wind creates mechanical forces.
Wind creates movement and therefore all aspects of circulation in the body.
Wind creates patterns.
Wind creates pressure which places the home's structure under strain.
Wind creates same effects.
Wind creates sliding, overturning, and uplift forces on a structure.
Wind creates twitches, headaches, seizures and dizziness.
Wind creates wave action.
Wind creates waves that travel across vast oceans.
Wind creates weather patterns.
Wind creeps up the mountain and down softly like a barefoot farmer hiding.
Wind damages flowers.
Wind damages tents.
Wind damages trees.
Wind damages windows.
Wind deposited snow is usually denser.
Wind determines the pattern isotherms take and their speed of movement.
Wind dictates everything on the mountain.
Wind discourages others to chase.
WIND distributes complete zones to participating worker systems.
Wind distributes such vectors as mosquitoes, sandflies and blackflies.
Wind draws out a landscape to a thread.
Wind dries the leaves out quickly.
Wind driven blade movement generates electricity.
Wind driven circulation is circulation caused on the surface layer of the ocean by wind.
Wind driven cold air also can intrude in insulation beneath siding and through sheathing.
Wind driven high tides or even a little rain can cause hazardous soft spots.
Wind driven rain can force water through otherwise tightly sealed windows and doors.
Wind driven rain can really wreak havoc on a house.
Wind driven rain is considered flooding.
Wind driven sand creates an entirely different problem from wind driven rain.
Wind driven snow can also result in drifting snow.
Wind driven waves generally have a larger impact on shorelines than boat-generated waves.
Wind driven waves thrash in frustration far away.
Wind drives cold air under and through clothing.
Wind drives powerful storms.
Wind drives storms.
Wind easily blows mature seeds easily from nearby plants.
Wind enters the space through the three large wall openings at the rear of the space.
Wind eroded features include yardangs and grooves etched in some plains.
Wind erodes the Earth's surface by removing loose, fine-grained particles, called 'deflation'.
Wind even affects the particles it carries or moves.
Wind evokes an invigorating feeling of constant motion.
Wind exacerbates the problem.
Wind exerts a minor influence on distance and direction of seed travel.
Wind extends light flag and pennants.
Wind extends light flag.
Wind faces one significant environmental concern, mortality of migratory birds.
Wind favors fat guys.
Wind favors guys with heavy, mallet-headed putters.
Wind favors short guys.
Wind flails the leaves on the sugar maples, revealing their silver undersides.
Wind flows down through the valleys of silence.
Wind flows smoothly over the site, allowing the images formed by the telescopes to be sharp.
WIND Fold a piece of waxed paper over the teeth of a comb.
Wind forces air.
Wind forces water.
Wind forcing following the midsummer upwelling events differ from year to year.
Wind forcing mainly produces annual variations in the thermocline depth.
Wind generally impedes walking.
Wind generally light and variable in direction during the afternoon.
Wind generated noise is created by the action of breaking waves at the ocean's surface.
Wind generates our surf as it does everywhere on the planet.
Wind generates power.
Wind generates waves.
Wind generating plants are also very popular.
Wind gently filters through the tree-tops, causing a pulsing or breathing motion.
Wind gets heat.
Wind gets stronger as particle gets colder.
WIND gives the officers air time in emergencies, such as cold and heat alerts.
Wind gives voices to things such as to the rustling trees.
Wind goes right through even the best of knitted wool gloves.
Wind greatly speeds up the process of body heat loss.
Wind grows angry.
Wind hackle down to the point where silk is hanging and tie off.
Wind happens when the sun heats some parts of the Earth differently.
Wind has a defined direction or 'vector' with a certain density of moisture and velocity.
Wind has a lot to do with turning rocks into sand, which is simply very small pebbles called grains.
Wind has a low density compared to water.
Wind has a more adverse affect on band applications than broadcast applications.
Wind has a speed and a direction.
Wind has a unique symptom of itching, when it is lodged beneath the skin.
Wind has an effect on heat loss.
Wind has causes.
Wind has effects.
Wind has energy.
Wind has kinetic energy in it.
Wind has kinetic energy.
Wind has mechanical energy.
Wind has no effect on the flight.
WIND has offices both on campus and off as well as outreach coordinators throughout the state.
Wind has power.
Wind has the ability to transport, erode, and deposit sediment.
Wind has the edge.
Wind has tremendous power.
Wind helps birds fly.
Wind helps butterflies flly more easily from plant to plant.
Wind helps convection.
Wind helps create extreme weather conditions in a number of different circumstances.
Wind helps keep birds in flight.
Wind hits the stage and various debris is scattered.
Wind increases heat loss from skin exposed to cold air, in effect lowering the temperature.
Wind increases the amount of water loss from a plant to the atmosphere.
Wind increases the effects of cold temperatures.
Wind increases the spread of fire and causes it to burn more intensely.
Wind influences the concentration and flow of dust particles and machine exhaust.
Wind interacts with atmospheres.
Wind is . . .
Wind is a big factor in the formation of waves.
Wind is a big factor.
Wind is a big player, too.
Wind is a bonus.
Wind is a characteristic of both countries.
Wind is a climactic factor to consider in deciding on a location for perennial plants.
Wind is a cloth that sails so birds have something to fly on.
Wind is a cloud in the sky's groin and the stars half blind behind it, bored of cycles.
WIND is a community development corporation subsidiary of western bank.
Wind is a constant factor.
Wind is a constant feature of the open grasslands.
Wind is a definite factor on certain fairways.
Wind is a different thing.
Wind is a difficult resource to survey.
Wind is a factor if the play.
Wind is a factor, but fabulous views.
Wind is a factor.
Wind is a form of kinetic energy, meaning that it is in motion.
Wind is a form of solar energy.
Wind is a free, inexhaustible resource.
Wind is a good alternative.
Wind is a good thing.
Wind is a limitless resource.
Wind is a major factor in drift damage.
Wind is a major factor in the development of unstable slabs on lee slopes.
Wind is a major factor to the two-tiered green flanked by bunkers.
Wind is a major factor.
Wind is a major problem in kiwi culture.
Wind is a minor agent of erosion here.
Wind is a movement of air, and air is invisible.
Wind is a natural enemy of the mosquito.
Wind is a natural energy source, occurring directly at the point of use.
Wind is a naturally occurring resource.
Wind is a necessary part of sailing because it makes the boat move.
WIND is a new convergent telecom operator in Italy with fixed, mobile and Internet services.
Wind is a painful hazard.
Wind is a possibility.
Wind is a powerful force.
Wind is a primary contender.
Wind is a primary factor in the heat loss of a pool.
Wind is a problem in general.
Wind is a promising and environmentally sound way of capturing energy capacity.
Wind is a real and almost constant problem.
Wind is a relief on hot days, as it helps cool the body by evaporation of sweat.
Wind is a renewable energy source.
Wind is a serious problem for chile in New Mexico.
Wind is a sign of Spring in the high country.
Wind is a significant factor on the golf course.
Wind is a significant factor.
Wind is a small wolf-grey male with a friendly affectionate personality.
Wind is a useful overlay with a number of products depending on the many possible needs of the user.
Wind is a vast, worldwide source of energy.
Wind is a vector quantity, that is, has both direction and magnitude.
Wind is a very important force in shaping the Martian surface.
Wind is a wonderful thing.
Wind is accompanied by cloudy weather.
Wind is accompanied by rain.
Wind is accompanied by weather.
Wind is air in motion relative to the ground.
Wind is air in motion.
Wind is air that is moving across the surface of Earth.
Wind is air that is moving.
Wind is air that moves.
Wind is already competitive in many situations.
Wind is also a clean source of energy because wind turbines emit no air pollutants.
Wind is also a factor.
Wind is also a leading cause of soil erosion because wind can pick up soil and blow it far away.
Wind is also a major factor.
Wind is also a part of weather.
Wind is also a type of weather.
Wind is also an agent of erosion.
Wind is also another important weathering agent in deserts.
Wind is also another way deserts form.
Wind is also bad because when the wind is blowing something called erosion can happen.
Wind is also important in cooling crowns heated by radiation from fire.
Wind is also responsible for altering the water surface of oceans and lakes.
Wind is also strong in the polar region.
Wind is always a problem in any desert.
Wind is always an important factor for shoreline fishing because it affects the water temperature.
Wind is an effective form of erosion for many locations.
Wind is an endless resource that never can be used up.
Wind is an everyday thing.
Wind is an example of a renewable source.
Wind is an exciting space.
Wind is an important agent for transporting sediment in deserts.
Wind is an important factor in the climate.
Wind is an important factor, regulating life conditions at the seaside.
Wind is an interesting thing.
Wind is an intriguing cross-pollination of science, history, and descriptive prose.
Wind is an underused, abundant, and renewable natural resource.
Wind is another enemy to a scent hound.
Wind is another factor of desert life.
Wind is another factor that can vibrate the telescope.
Wind is another factor to consider.
Wind is another factor.
Wind is another force that causes abrasive weathering by blowing sand against rock faces.
Wind is another important force of disturbance in the swamp.
Wind is another L-shape, in the corner under the clock at right.
Wind is another natural factor which causes erosion.
Wind is another normality on western rivers.
Wind is another source of concern.
Wind is any motion of the atmosphere relative to the surface of the earth.
Wind is artificial satellites.
Wind is as abundant here as caribou and ice.
Wind is assumed to act on a pre-existing wave field.
Wind is assumed to be zero in speed and direction for analysis here.
Wind is available everywhere.
Wind is Bad.
Wind is blowing.
Wind is blown in the windward side and out from the leeward side of the building.
Wind is by far the most important cause of ice compression.
Wind is calm.
Wind is capable of dry hair.
Wind is caught by turbines on wind farms and turned into energy.
Wind is caused because of pressure differences in the atmosphere.
Wind is caused by a difference in air pressure.
Wind is caused by air moving from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure.
Wind is caused by differences in the atmospheric pressure .
Wind is caused by different pressures in the atmosphere.
Wind is caused by local temperature differences seeking balance.
Wind is caused by relatively small differences in barometric pressure.
Wind is caused by the rising of air heated by the ground which has been heated by the sun.
Wind is caused by the uneven heating of the earths land by the sun.
Wind is caused by uneven heating and cooling of the earth's surface and by the earth's rotation.
Wind is caused by uneven heating of the earth's surface by the sun.
Wind is caused by variations in air pressure.
Wind is caused by warm air rising over cool air.
Wind is characterized.
Wind is cold.
Wind is companies.
WIND is computed using both planar axisymmetric and three-dimensional domains.
Wind is considered the primary agent in the transfer of olive pollen.
Wind is consistently strong.
Wind is constant at a moderate to severe level, and there is very little precipitation.
Wind is created by air moving from areas of high pressure to areas of low pressure.
Wind is created by external forces.
Wind is created by forces.
Wind is created by temperature differences between the entrance and interior passageways.
Wind is created due to the sun's inability to evenly heat the atmosphere of the earth.
Wind is cross onshore to sideshore from the left.
Wind is currently the most cost-effective renewable resource available.
Wind is defiantly the one that causes the most problems.
Wind is defined as moving air.
Wind is definitely a factor.
Wind is definitely one that causes the most problems.
Wind is deleted because it is encompassed by the term adverse weather.
Wind is derived from solar energy.
Wind is doubtless the major pollinating agent of beets.
Wind is drawn through the valley of Maui.
Wind is east at fifteen knots and the seas are pretty regular and running three to five feet.
Wind is essential.
Wind is exhalation.
Wind is factor, but only at surface.
Wind is fear, or wind can be a gently rocking boat on a quiet little lake.
Wind is fluky on the west side.
Wind is forecasted to be out of the east.
Wind is free, renewable, and capable of producing non-polluting electricity at a competitive cost.
Wind is free.
Wind is from due west and right down the chute.
WIND is funded through a mix of federal and state grants.
Wind is generally light to moderate.
Wind is generated randomly.
Wind is gentle, northeast, barometer preposterously high.
Wind is good.
Wind is guaranteed.
Wind is here.
Wind is high.
Wind is hot.
Wind is ignored.
Wind is important in arid regions, and waves are most important along coasts.
Wind is important in determining and controlling climate and weather.
Wind is important in the dispersal of most fungal pathogens.
Wind is important to living things.
Wind is in a snit worthy of an evangelist over a few empty beer cans left by last night's campfire.
Wind is ineffective because of the heaviness and stickiness of the pollen.
Wind is inexhaustible.
Wind is influence.
Wind is intermittent.
Wind is last, since it generally can only carry the tiniest of particles.
Wind is less expensive than natural gas right now.
Wind is light except in thunderstorms, coming from eastern directions.
Wind is like a ship in having travelled across the ocean.
Wind is located in fields.
Wind is located in sea.
Wind is made of air.
Wind is made up of a series of gusts and lulls.
Wind is made up of moving air molecules, but the wind is invisible.
Wind is more likely on a ridge.
Wind is movement in the air that can be seen or felt.
Wind is much greater on the roof of a building than on the street level.
Wind is named according to which direction it blows.
Wind is natural and good.
Wind Is No.
Wind is nothing more than air in motion.
Wind is now north northwest . . .
Wind is now, finally, starting to be able to show competitively that it has added value.
Wind is often a factor, as is an irrigation ditch running through parts of the course.
Wind is often a factor.
Wind is often a problem.
Wind is often an effective but imprecise pollination mechanism.
Wind is on Mars because temperature, air pressure and humidity are all on Mars.
Wind is one natural force that causes air pressure changes in a building.
Wind is one of the biggest factors in heat loss.
Wind is one of the mitigating factors.
Wind is our biggest problem.
Wind is our friend.
Wind is Peace.
Wind is powerful.
Wind is present in all moment of liquid and food.
Wind is produced as the sun heats the air.
Wind is quite cold.
Wind is quite content to keep things at the visual and visceral level.
Wind is really a form of solar energy.
Wind is related to spring according to the five elements theory.
Wind is renewable, and produces no emissions or by-products.
Wind is renewable.
Wind is required for dispersal of the inoculum once it reaches the air.
Wind is responsible for much of the structural damage caused by hurricanes.
Wind is responsible for piling water up along the coast.
Wind is rotation.
Wind is simply air in motion.
Wind is sound.
Wind is sources of energy.
Wind is still a distant stepchild to the region's other power supplies.
Wind is still steady westerly, force seven with heavy swell.
Wind is still weak.
Wind is strong, but a body can bear it.
Wind is strong, but body bears it.
Wind is subsidiaries.
Wind is supplied by two blowers, one for low pressure and one for high pressure.
Wind is talk.
Wind is technically the horizontal movement of air generally from areas of high to low pressure.
Wind is the air flowing horizontally with respect to the earth's surface.
Wind is the ally of the fire.
Wind is the best energy source there is.
Wind is the breath of life.
Wind is the breath of time, hurrying by.
Wind is the cheapest and fastest to build form of new generating capacity in the world today.
Wind is the cruelest.
Wind is the element used in moving things and breaking.
Wind is the enemy.
Wind is the fastest growing renewable energy resource.
Wind is the fastest growing source of electricity in the world.
Wind is the fastest growing source of renewable energy.
Wind is the horizontal flow of air from areas of higher pressure to areas of lower pressure.
Wind is the ingredient for a great day.
Wind is the large format photographer's greatest adversity.
Wind is the last fuzzy element.
Wind is the load center which drives up weight and cost.
Wind is the main method of spore dispersal.
Wind is the main variable.
Wind is the major factor and transpiration rates vary dramatically, even for the same temperature.
Wind is the most common cause of avalanches.
Wind is the most common cause of surface waves.
Wind is the most important climate factor in the park.
Wind is the motion of air relative to the rotating surface of the Earth.
Wind is the motion of air, characterized by speed and direction.
Wind is the motion of atmospheric air measured relative to the rotating Earth.
Wind is the movement of air around the earth.
Wind is the movement of air caused by the uneven heating of the Earth by the sun.
Wind is the movement of air from higher pressure areas to lower pressure areas.
Wind is the movement of gas .
Wind is the natural hazard here.
Wind is the natural motion of the air roughly parallel to the Earth's surface.
Wind is the natural movement of air across the land or sea.
Wind is the primary element responsible for lack of comfort in all golf conditions.
Wind is the primary frustration here.
Wind is the primary source of infrasonic noise.
Wind is the product of the movement of air.
Wind is the real bargain.
Wind is the reason for the maps.
Wind is the response of the atmosphere to uneven heating conditions.
Wind is the result of air moving from areas of high pressure to areas of low pressure.
Wind is the result of solar heating and it simply increases the temperature of the earth.
Wind is the second most important factor influencing potential evapotranspiration .
Wind is the thing that keeps rowers off the water.
Wind is the vehicle and origin of thought and action.
Wind is the world's fastest growing energy source.
Wind is the world's fastest-growing source of energy.
Wind is the worst enemy in cycle touring.
Wind is thought to be the main driving force along with ocean currents.
Wind is time and with every passage measure of wind passes a touch, a breath, a kiss, and time.
Wind is timeless and tireless energy.
Wind is typically a non-factor for cyclists.
Wind is typically at peak production in the winter when water levels are low, and vice versa.
Wind is typically much less than that.
Wind is used for power generation.
Wind is used to forward the film more rapidly than normal for running off leader, etc.
Wind is used to generate electricity.
Wind is usually a factor here from left to right.
Wind is usually a factor.
Wind is usually side, onshore.
Wind is very effective on long timescales.
Wind is very important to migrating eagles.
Wind is very important to the erosion of the Martian landscape.
Wind is very shy and angelic.
Wind is weather
Wind is weather.
Wind is what they crave.
Wind isa weather.
Wind keeps it churned up, so there is limited visibility.
Wind kicks up the dust on the slag pile, creating an air pollution problem.
Wind leads to shears.
Wind leads to wind shears.
Wind lifts the soredia away from the upper layer, and the propagules are deposited on a new surface.
Wind literally picks up and blows the sand away by a process called deflation .
Wind loses one point of strength at the end of each month.
Wind makes it difficult to choose a club and play the correct line.
Wind makes noise slapping obstacles.
Wind makes the situation worse.
Wind makes things move.
Wind makes waves in the ocean.
Wind makes waves.
Wind minimally contacts central members of the creche.
Wind mixing in shallow water resuspends sediments and decreases water clarity.
Wind moves air.
Wind moves from areas.
Wind moves grains of sand from the beach to the dunes.
Wind moves small branches.
Wind moves the logs to different locations on the lake.
Wind moves through air.
Wind moves vapor.
Wind moves water vapor.
Wind moving across the sail of a kite creates pressure.
Wind moving away from the poles is going too slowly, so it turns westward.
Wind moving can lift the gulls, make eagles soar, take sailing vessels across the Mediterranean.
Wind moving towards the poles is going too fast, so it turns eastward.
Wind multiples the problems of staying dry.
Wind needs to be fit into the grid and packaged because it occurs on an interruptible basis.
Wind never accomplishes anything.
Wind normally blows from one side of the slope of mountain to another side.
Wind now fills sail.
Wind occurs at all scales.
Wind occurs in regions.
Wind occurs in shallow zones.
Wind occurs in zones.
Wind occurs when the air is heated by the sun.
Wind offers some appealing advantages to developing countries.
Wind only affects particles with positive or negative drag.
Wind paints itself over the beach.
Wind passes through areas.
Wind picks up and blows strength into the jewels of light.
Wind picks up dust from the surface and carries it into the atmosphere.
Wind picks up from light in the morning, to strong in the afternoon.
Wind picks up.
Wind plays a key role in tide stands.
Wind plays a role in the mixing of the Bay's waters.
Wind plays a vital role in determining fish location, even in murky waters.
Wind plays an important role on the weather, especially when temperatures are cold.
Wind plays no significant role in cross pollinating tree fruit.
Wind pollinated flowers usually have small or non-existent petals.
Wind pollinated plants have light, fine pollen grains that can be carried far by the wind.
Wind pollinated trees generally flower in early spring before leaves are present.
Wind pollinating flowers however look very differently to insect pollinating ones.
Wind powered - requires no batteries, no motor, no fuel, no rubber bands.
Wind powered energy is both cost competitive with gas, and friendlier to the environment.
Wind powered energy is both cost-competitive with gas and friendlier to the environment.
Wind powered energy is both cost-competitive with gas, and friendlier to the environment.
Wind powered energy is provided by the wind, collected by using a wind turbine.
Wind powered objects twirl and dance.
Wind powered water pumps are inexpensive.
Wind powers generators.
Wind powers the voyages of sailing ships across Earth's oceans.
Wind predominates in old age.
Wind probably is the most important pollinating agent, insofar as it benefits our existence.
Wind produces gusts.
Wind promotes current.
Wind promotes ocean current.
WIND provides concurrent display and animation of multiple weather graphics.
Wind provides environmental advantages over other forms of generation.
WIND provides nearly continuous monitoring of the solar wind conditions near Earth.
WIND provides technical assistance to new and existing businesses.
Wind pushes a sailboat forward the same way an airplane wing lifts a plane off the ground.
Wind pushes air.
Wind pushes cars.
Wind pushes moist air.
Wind pushes sea water.
Wind pushes seeds.
Wind pushes surface water.
Wind pushes warm surface water.
Wind pushes warm water.
Wind pushes water.
Wind puts out fire.
Wind raises dust and loose paper on deck.
Wind raises dust and loose paper, small branches move.
Wind rattles the north-facing windows, here at the top of the house.
Wind rattles the windows and walls.
Wind reaches earth.
Wind recommends within whatever europe soccer betting.
Wind recommends within whatever pachinko game.
Wind recommends within whatever slot machine free.
Wind redistributes sand and other particles especially in arid regions.
Wind reduces the activity of insect pollinators.
Wind remains the only author to be recognized with that award.
Wind removes materials.
Wind removes smaller soil particles and leaves rocks exposed on the surface.
Wind removes snow throughout the season subjecting the plants to desiccation.
Wind removes the warm air which insulates the body.
Wind represents yang, the active dominant energy, water is yin, passive and receptive.
Wind reworks the stream deposits over a wide area.
Wind ripples the water.
Wind rotates the windmill to turn the turbine.
Wind roughs up the surface of water and stirs up the bottom silt, reducing light penetration.
Wind rushes by a family just picking up speed in a motorboat . . .
Wind rushing over the stiff wing feathers cause the popping noise.
Wind says good night.
Wind scours the land- scape and transports materials within the area and to other areas.
Wind sealed shingles have an added dab of roofing cement under the bottom edge of each shingle.
Wind seems like it's turning on and off and changing the temperature from hot to cold.
Wind seeps in through the weakest elements, e.g., openings, windows and doors.
Wind sends surges of raindrops hammering against the roof.
Wind shake -Crack in a tree caused by high winds.
Wind shakes the earth and it thunders.
Wind shakes the frame and causes nails to loosen.
Wind shakes the tree's limbs and the ghostly eyes of an owl send both children racing for home.
Wind shifts the sand and leaves no stone.
Wind slips through the cracks creating sibilant sounds.
Wind spins the large blades which turn generators inside the turbine to make electricity.
Wind spits sea foam Ocean roils.
Wind spreads the fungal spores to other plants.
Wind spreads the orange fungus to rose leaves.
Wind stay on front-access door.
Wind stirs the water, and deep water wells up around coastlines and close to the poles.
Wind strokes our faces with pollen.
Wind sucks back into itself to crash more like whitewater than air.
Wind surfing lessons are the most effective way of quickly learning the sport.
Wind surfing lessons, fishing charters, picnic area, and polo field are nearby.
Wind surrounds the house like wolves, sinewy as tree branches etched into sleep.
Wind sweeps away the wrinkles in the blanket of white.
Wind swells a generated by local storms, close to the beach at which they break.
Wind swept hills or plateaus offer some relief but are, as a rule, less suitable for camping.
Wind swirling within the cavern can lead to evaporation.
Wind swirls the falling snowflakes.
Wind swishes around the cars, and the brakes squeal when the train rounds a bend.
Wind symbolises a humble state of mind.
Wind tears the cottonwood away leaf by handsized leaf.
Wind tells a story, of a thousand days gone by.
Wind tends to be closer together and swell farther apart.
Wind tends to blow close to parallel between isobars with lower pressure to the left of the wind.
Wind tends to bounce off a wall, producing eddies that can cause more damage.
Wind tends to force rainwater deep into any joint or crack.
Wind tends to increase the ill effects of the sun's rays.
Wind tends to shred the leaves, but the veins are still able to function properly.
Wind tends to straighten out at launch.
Wind tends to stretch it out of shape more easily though.
Wind then acts as the force which pushes the plant over or buckles the stem.
Wind then blows the frost and sand into patterns that resemble trees when viewed from space.
Wind then scours the sides of small paths, increasing their width and depth.
Wind throws particles of sand at a hoodoo, knocking particles off that hoodoo.
Wind travels over the water, dispersing.
Wind turns in front of the fleet and makes for some hard going for on an upwind bash.
Wind turns propellers.
Wind turns the turbine's rotor which spins the generator that makes electricity.
Wind turns the vanes of a windmill, which turn an attached shaft.
Wind uproots entire plants.
Wind uproots plants.
Wind varies a great deal.
Wind wash away the past moment.
Wind whipping against the rocks and in and out of seaside caves can cause many strange sounds.
Wind whipping around makes a person want to spend time in a heavily insulated igloo.
Wind whipping the plants can make vertical training impractical.
Winds add randomness to the shift angle.
Winds affect the degree of ocean mixing as well as providing the momentum to drive ocean currents.
Winds affect the ocean's surface only.
Winds aloft are pretty strong.
Winds aloft can be much stronger that at ground level.
Winds also can affect spraying conditions.
Winds also carry burning embers downwind, which can start new fires.
Winds also cause the development of pressure ridges, rafting and hummocking.
Winds also cause warm surface water to accumulate on the western side of the Pacific.
Winds also create suction.
Winds also create various surface and internal waves, which can contribute to estuarine mixing.
Winds also erode dunes and blow loose sand into the bay.
Winds also form thick clouds of sand.
Winds also help in carrying the seeds for distant places.
Winds also move toward the midlatitudes creating the w esterlies .
Winds also occur on a much smaller scale, for example dust devils or tornadoes.
Winds also play a key role in ozone destruction.
Winds also tend to increase with height.
Winds alter the calculations, however.
Winds are a critical factor in determining regional weather patterns and climate.
Winds are a critical factor in determining regional weather patterns and global climate.
Winds are a factor.
Winds are a key factor in determining global weather patterns.
Winds are a natural outcome of differential heating between hot desert and cold water.
Winds are a problem due to mechanical damage, water stress, and disruption in pollination by bees.
Winds are a symbol of strife.
Winds are affected by landforms and once airborne, there is less interference from the surface.
Winds are also available.
Winds are also generally strongest in winter.
Winds are also important in showing where and how fast the air is propagating.
Winds are also stronger around headlands increasing water hazards.
Winds are always a concern on the Kansas River.
Winds are calm and skies are clear or partly cloudy when the eye of a storm passes.
Winds are calm.
Winds are calmer in the morning, picking up as the day progresses and calming down before dark.
Winds are caused by differences in air pressure.
Winds are clockwise or counterclockwise.
Winds are common both in winter and summer, predominantly from the northwest, west, or southwest.
Winds are constant, strong and icy.
Winds are controlled on a planetary scale by the heat of the sun and the rotation of the earth.
Winds are crucial for stellar evolution and for the energization of the interstellar medium.
Winds are depicted as blowing from the direction the barb is facing.
Winds are down though.
Winds are dry and cold.
Winds are for Mid Lake.
Winds are frequent and violent.
Winds are from the south in the eastern and mid-portion of the image.
Winds are generally calm in the morning increasing in the afternoon.
Winds are generally favorable for burning in the evening and early morning hours.
Winds are generally from the northwest.
Winds are generally from the west.
Winds are generally light and temperatures cool so little water is lost through evaporation.
Winds are generally light and temperatures cool so very little water is lost through evaporation.
Winds are generally light easterly to north-easterly.
Winds are generally light.
Winds are generally lighter than the central and southern districts.
Winds are generally most favorable the first hours after sunrise and the last hours before sunset.
Winds are greatest at the highest elevations and along ocean coasts.
Winds are high here, so some of the dirt blows onto the lake and accumulates in the cracks.
Winds are highly variable in time and altitude.
Winds are important for two reasons.
Winds are in knots.
Winds are just strong enough to blow snow into large drifts and destroy visibility.
Winds are landward during the day and seaward at night.
Winds are larger in the winter.
Winds are light and from a vaguely East direction, switching clockwise to the South and increasing.
Winds are light and humidity low.
Winds are light and locally onshore in the afternoon.
Winds are light and out of the north.
Winds are light and variable in summer.
Winds are light and variable most of the year.
Winds are light and variable, with a slight tailwind for the approach.
Winds are light and west.
Winds are light at all levels.
Winds are light enough now for tethersonde flights.
Winds are light from the south.
Winds are light there.
Winds are light, easternly to south-easternly and get strengthened in the evening.
Winds are light, the kite is up, and they are expecting a long ride because of the light winds.
Winds are light, water calm, and rain infrequent.
Winds are lighter, seas are calmer, relatives visit, and the days are longer.
Winds are lightest in the winter and highest in the summer, except for occasional storm systems.
Winds are likely to bring in wet weather.
Winds are likely to ease a touch though permitting decent early morning frosts.
Winds are likely to remain light and variable.
Winds are likely to slowly ease during the evening.
Winds are lower left.
Winds are more southerly.
Winds are most frequently from the north-west.
Winds are mostly absent here, except for some high-velocity winds just above the tropopause.
Winds are mostly from the south.
Winds are mostly light and are east to north-easternly.
Winds are movements of air which blow from offshore, moving seawater into the estuary.
Winds are much stronger at higher elevations.
Winds are normally calm and sometimes the sky clears.
Winds are normally light near high pressure systems where the isobars are widely spaced.
Winds are normally responsible for toppling weakened trees.
Winds are normally stronger.
Winds are normaly responsible for toppling weakened trees.
Winds are northerly in winter and northwesterly in summer.
Winds are northerly.
Winds are northwesterly, moderate to strong.
Winds are often gusty and skiing is poor.
Winds are often severe on the islands.
Winds are often severe.
Winds are on the whole light to moderate.
Winds are one of humankind's oldest sources of energy.
Winds are one of the most important things on the carrier.
Winds are part of Earth's atmospheric circulation.
Winds are persistent and strong throughout the region.
Winds are planet-sized convection currents set in movement by Earth's spin.
Winds are predominantly from the south, with occasional turns to the north.
Winds are predominately from north and east.
Winds are predominately from the west.
Winds are produced by pressure differences between two locations.
Winds are related pressure differences - high to low.
Winds are reliable, and all good launching spots can be reached by car.
Winds are renewable energy, resulting from the sun's uneven heating of the earth.
Winds are responsible for the largest changes in water level due to surge.
Winds are shifty.
Winds are so high that construction is possible only two months of the year.
Winds are still out of the East.
Winds are strong and persistent.
Winds are strong at the crest, both summer and winter.
Winds are strong outthere most of the time.
Winds are strong.
Winds are stronger on top of tall steep hills and escarpments than in protected valleys.
Winds are strongest in the winter, and lighter and more variable in the summer.
Winds are the biggest problem for crews right now.
Winds are the main erosional force on Mars and windblown dust and soil erode craters over time.
Winds are the major factor.
Winds are the major weather problem here.
Winds are to be light.
Winds are typically from the southwest to northwest during during the afternoon hours.
Winds are unbelievable strong.
Winds are up, so kite operations look promising.
Winds are usually from the south and freshen each afternoon as the sea breeze kicks in.
Winds are usually light and often somewhat crossed.
Winds are usually light, but can be gusty and raw if a strong onshore pressure gradient sets up.
Winds are usually moderate in winter whereas in summer the sea breeze freshes the hot days.
Winds are usually moderate mainly from North-East and North.
Winds are usually more severe at high altitude, and there is less cover above the tree line.
Winds are usually so strong that one can lean against the wall of wind.
Winds are usually strongest in the winter when high and low pressure systems are strongest.
Winds are variable and can be strong.
Winds are variable during summer when the weather is sometimes sultry.
Winds are variable from the southeast.
Winds are variable.
Winds are very erratic.
Winds are very light here since the focus of convergence and hence strong winds are in the eyewall.
Winds are very light.
Winds are very low.
Winds are westerly.
Winds are west-northwesterly at the start of spring and back to southwesterly by late spring.
Winds become gusty from the south.
Winds begin to pick up chunks of metal.
Winds begin to swirl and gain speed.
Winds blow almost constantly during cool foggy summers and mild foggy winters.
Winds blow alternately from west to east or east to west, depending on the season.
Winds blow anticlockwise around a depression in the northern hemisphere.
Winds blow at extremely high speeds on Saturn.
Winds blow away from a high pressure zone.
Winds blow between areas of different atmospheric pressures.
Winds blow clockwise around a high.
Winds blow clockwise around an anticyclone in the northern hemisphere.
Winds blow counter clockwise around a low-pressure system.
Winds blow extremely high speeds on Saturn.
Winds blow freely from the mainland.
Winds blow from areas of high pressure toward areas of low pressure.
Winds blow from high pressure to low pressure.
Winds blow from higher to lower pressure due to the pressure gradient force.
Winds blow harsh, child born to sadness, seasoned by pain, mind turns to madness.
Winds blow horizontally and vertically from all compass directions.
Winds blow in cyclones.
Winds blow inward toward an area of lowest atmospheric pressure.
Winds blow out and away from the area of highest atmospheric pressure.
Winds blow over the land, blowing fine dust far out into the ocean.
Winds blow some of the clouds over land.
Winds blow south across the dry lake, carrying dust south down Owens Valley.
Winds blow straight.
Winds blow strongest near coasts, in mountain passes and on prairies.
Winds blow such particles and gases onto all types of human and natural structures.
Winds blow surface water.
Winds blow the clouds over land.
Winds blow the ice through parts of the thunderstorm where the cloud water is supercooled .
Winds blow the juniper tree away.
Winds blow the surface water.
Winds blow warm water because it is on the surface.
Winds blow with awesome strength, and cast dead branches down to the ground.
Winds blow, it becomes warmer and more humid over most of the Island.
Winds blowing across the ocean surface often push water away from an area.
Winds blowing from high and low pressure regions in the tropics push surface water basins.
Winds blowing from the west in Denver have to drop in elevation after going over the Front Range.
Winds blowing in a southern direction create a current.
Winds blowing over the lakes greatly influence the microclimate of the forest.
Winds blowing parallel to the front instead of perpendicular can help it stay in place.
Winds blowing the sand can create sand dunes hundreds of feet high.
Winds blowing through city streets can speed up, slow down, and markedly change direction.
Winds bring hope of forgiveness, and tranquility is at a start again.
Winds bring rain and drought, destroy on their own, and generate a certain kind of chaos.
Winds can affect canoes especially on wide or coastal rivers.
Winds can also blow from areas with lower air temperatures to areas of higher temperatures.
Winds can also bring blowing snow, dust and dirt.
Winds can also generate vertical water motions by a process called upwelling.
Winds can also generate vertical water motions by processes called upwelling and downwelling.
Winds can also worsen air quality by transporting pollutants from upwind areas on to a reservation.
Winds can and do blow ashore, currents keep moving and invariably pass along the coast.
Winds can be anywhere from calm to gale-force, even stronger on the higher mountains.
Winds can be fierce.
Winds can be gentle or gale force.
Winds can be occasionally strong and the weather can change very suddenly.
Winds can be significantly different in two air masses forming a front.
Winds can be strong and gusty at times and there is the occasional dust storm in the interior.
Winds can be strong.
Winds can be switchy.
Winds can be tricky, as is the tough, slanted green.
Winds can be very severe and are responsible for extensive weathering of the rocks on the surface.
Winds can be very strong in the mountain passes.
Winds can blow photochemical smog away replacing it with fresh air.
Winds can blow spray off target, and even a slight breeze in hot weather can cause vapors to drift.
Winds can carry chemicals to nearby neighborhoods and create many health problems.
Winds can carry embers miles ahead of the advancing flames.
Winds can carry ozone formed in urban areas long distances to surrounding rural areas.
Winds can carry rust spores for great distances.
Winds can carry the pollutants thousands of kilometers away from their source.
Winds can change direction and intensity very quickly.
Winds can choke or drive the tides.
Winds can come up from the West, East or South.
Winds can come up suddenly and make an overnight stay a necessity.
Winds can come up suddenly and quickly make the bay unsafe for smaller craft.
Winds can deform waves from a simple sinusoid.
Winds can destroy houses, buildings, and other structures.
Winds can dry out the remaining foliage and small buds.
Winds can fan embers into a forest fire.
Winds can go from calm to extremely strong.
Winds can intensify very suddenly.
Winds can literally blow the cotton right off the stalk.
Winds can make the surface choppy.
Winds can push the midge swarms around, so they can be found well inland from the lake.
Winds can quickly blow air mattresses and other flotation devices out to sea.
Winds can redistribute the snow into drifts.
Winds can reverse direction or veer strongly within the inversion layer.
Winds can spread fires quickly and over great distances to further disrupt biodiversity.
Winds can spread the actively growing fungus to fruit in the upper tree.
Winds can stay above hurricane strength well inland.
Winds can then finish off the job by snapping the base of weakened plant.
Winds can toss trees and limbs onto lines and, if strong enough, can down complete sections.
Winds can whip up suddenly, so stay close to shore and always be very careful.
Winds carry clouds over the land.
Winds carry drifting sand punctuated occasionally by the fragrance of tiny flowers.
Winds carry pollution great distances.
Winds carry salt spray inland, leaving salt deposits on plants.
Winds carry sediments from dunes to marshes or bays.
Winds carry some away.
Winds carry such high volcanic material completely around the Earth within a few weeks.
Winds carry the dust westward.
Winds cause a change in air pressure, cooling the surface water.
Winds cause a redistribution of pressure leading to changes in the winds.
Winds cause dust storms.
Winds cause much of the structural damage done by a hurricane.
Winds cause sand-tinted features on the Martian surface to shift over time.
Winds change direction and speed constantly as weather features move and change strength.
Winds change direction, flames jump over a creek missing some of the border vegetation and so on.
Winds circulate clockwise around low-pressure and cyclone systems in the southern hemisphere.
Winds circulate clockwise around the high and portion of the ocean for study.
Winds circulate counterclockwise around a low and clockwise around a high.
Winds circulating around a tornado are lowest near the ground.
Winds come up, fog settles down, and the coast can get mighty cool, even on a scorcher.
Winds coming from other directions tend to cause much less rain.
Winds constantly move ice, exposing open water and creating the fractured pattern seen here.
Winds continue to blow strong making it very difficult for boats to go fishing.
Winds continue to dry out soil.
Winds cool off warm water.
Winds create dunes, water creates deltas, ice creates valleys, waves create spits and sandbars.
Winds create rather large waves.
Winds created by the sun s heating of the atmosphere carry the water vapor over land.
Winds decend rapidly from the base of a storm cloud and then hit the ground and spread out.
Winds depending on their speed can make the ball go long, short, to the left or to the right.
Winds deposit the sand, then beach grass takes root.
Winds destroy homes and businesses.
Winds determine a balloon's direction.
Winds dissolve into very subtle wind at heart.
Winds drive unchecked across the open ocean and hit the coast with great force.
Winds drop from star.
Winds dry the trees.
Winds efficiently mix the troposphere and evenly distribute the gases.
Winds emerge from the east .
Winds fail to blow, clouds, to row.
Winds favor lefthanded batters.
Winds flow across parallels of latitude, taking heat from equatorial regions to polar regions.
Winds flow clockwise around a high pressure center in the northern hemisphere.
Winds flow clockwise around high pressure and counterclockwise around lows.
Winds flow clockwise away from the center.
Winds flow first in one direction, then in the opposite direction.
Winds flow from areas of high pressure to areas of low pressure.
Winds flow in order to more evenly distribute heat between the equator and polar regions.
Winds flow outward above the storm allowing the air below to rise.
Winds flow patterns are changed by the topography of land, water and plants.
Winds flow roughly parallel to the isobars, as depicted in the schematic below.
Winds gather at heart.
Winds gather Dancers running in the hills.
Winds generally are from the west, often the southwest.
Winds generally blow from areas of high pressure to areas of low pressure.
Winds generally blow outward from high pressure systems toward low pressure systems.
Winds generally light and variable in direction.
Winds generally moderate south-westerlies.
Winds generally move away from high pressure and toward low pressure.
Winds grind down rocks.
Winds have less effect on slope currents, which tend to flow northwestward.
Winds help in generating energy.
Winds help righthanded hitters.
Winds help to spread surface fires and ignite spot fires.
Winds here are calm.
Winds hurl splinters of ice on to exposed skin, lacerating the flesh.
Winds immediately pick up.
Winds increase productivity by keeping the water column mixed.
Winds increase with height up to the jet stream.
Winds influence general dispersal patterns.
Winds keep animals and humans along the shoreline and Barter Island free of the torment.
Winds kill many more people in the arctic than polar bears.
Winds leave the marsh muddy and the key to finding fish is finding clear water with current.
Winds lift the moist air high into the atmosphere, and blow it about the globe.
Winds light easterly today, becoming southeasterly tonight and southwest-erly tomorrow.
Winds make sounds of promise the children close the house.
Winds measure time, shift and gather close.
Winds mix warmer air with cold air next to the ground.
Winds moderate cyclonic.
Winds move areas of warm and cold air around causing changes to the pressure patterns.
Winds move from areas of high pressure to areas of low pressure.
Winds move parallel to isobars, from west to east.
Winds move sand and dust from region to region, often in spectacular dust storms.
Winds move the layers of air and disperse the cooling effect.
Winds naturally flow around the dome in the same way water flows around rocks in a river.
Winds never abate here.
Winds northwesterly moderate to very strong turning gale force in the south.
Winds obtained by radar tracking are the most accurate.
Winds occur because the atmospheric pressures try to 'even themselves out'.
Winds pick up moisture as they blow across the ocean and release their moisture over the land.
Winds play a large part in hawk migration activity.
Winds play a major role in every aspect of weather on Earth.
Winds play an important role by dispersing pollution or moving it to downwind areas.
Winds play the dominant role in the distribution of volcanic ash.
Winds pose a greater danger than rain because floats can tip over.
Winds powerfully affect the oceans and are an important force in creating currents.
Winds prevail from the south throughout the year.
Winds prevail from the south-southeast.
Winds push clouds around Earth.
Winds push water towards the equator.
Winds pushing on the surface of the ocean make the water move.
Winds raise some of the salt with the spray.
Winds rank high among the important forces of weather that shape the surface of the earth.
Winds reaching hurricane force in a norther within the Gulf or Caribbean areas are rare.
Winds remain E ly moderate decreasing light in the south with further mist and fog overnight.
Winds represent the working of a heat-distributing engine.
Winds rip through the atmosphere at hundreds of miles per hour .
Winds rise upwards with power and promise.
Winds rotate around a low pressure center counter-clockwise.
Winds rotate clockwise around an anticyclone.
Winds rotate counter-clockwise around a cyclone.
Winds rotating clockwise around the high pressure area dominate our weather.
Winds rush around, or maybe it's the sound of jets.
Winds shake the moist air and raindrops fall.
Winds shatter the surface, snatching one away.
Winds shift from a general winter direction of west or northwest to south or southeast.
Winds shift from the east to the southwest.
Winds shift to southerly and pick up a bit.
Winds shift with each passage.
Winds speed increase with altitude case to updraft to tilt.
Winds speeds generally are higher along coastal areas than inland.
Winds spiral inward at high speed, accompanied by heavy rainfall.
Winds still light.
Winds suddenly transform lovely man-made lanterns into deadly apocalyptic flames.
Winds swirl inward counterclockwise toward the eye of a hurricane in the northern hemisphere.
Winds take up the theme in harmony, supported by pizzicato strings.
Winds tend to bend around packs, plus it can be distracting for most crews.
Winds tend to blow upslope during the day and downslope at night.
Winds tend to change direction less frequently on the wide-open prairie.
Winds tend to come from the east and southeast, and they drop their moisture on the eastern slopes.
Winds tend to follow the coastline even though they are northeasterly out to sea.
Winds tend to move in counter-clockwise motion around an area of Low pressure.
Winds tend to seek out the weak and old parts of a forest, breaking limbs and uprooting some trees.
Winds then mix and disperse the carbon dioxide.
Winds thereafter are more favourable.
Winds touch the lovegrass-saturated vicinity, making it rather chilly.
Winds transport the evaporated water around the planet, influencing the humidity of the air.
Winds travel at much greater speed than other storms.
Winds typically reach hurricane strength within an hour and persist for several days.
Winds vary in direction and velocity, relatively constant being the north-west and the west.
Winds vary in direction and velocity, relatively constant being the Northwest and West.
Winds veer to the left.
Winds weaken and take a northernly component.
Winds whip up thick dust storms, forcing residents to walk with rags held to their faces.
Winds whipping in from the sea make it difficult yet fun.
Winds whipping over the high plain keep the sagebrush, a pronghorn staple, free of snow.
Winds whipping the plants can make vertical training impractical.
Wind always seems to be a negative factor here, even on sunny days.
Wind always starts because two areas have different pressures or densities of air.
Winds always curve to the right relative to the place of origin.
Winds always flow from high to low pressure.
Winds always influence tides.
Wind often blows left to right.
Wind often blows the water onto streets or sidewalks, and evaporation is greater on windy days.
Wind often breaks the threads and carries the caterpillars to nearby trees and shrubs.
Wind often develops along the oceans shore during the day because land heats up faster than water.
Wind often picks up, and that is the answer sought.
Winds often blow as thermal currents move the atmosphere around.
Winds often carry pollen to the right place, but other plants rely on pollinators.
Winds often howl past high peaks.
Winds often mount to gale and sometimes hurricane force.
Winds often show pronounced backing with height .
Winds often stay above hurricane strength well inland.
Winds often stay above hurricanes strength well inland.
Winds sometimes shift direction after a prescribed fire is started.
Wind usually becomes less of a problem as a baby gets older.
Wind usually factor.
Wind usually helps the batters.
Winds usually blow from areas of high pressure to areas of low pressure.
Winds usually blow left to right here.
All wind is caused by lots of people eating hot curries.
All wind is simply air moving.
All winds blow as a result of pressure imbalances between two locations.
All winds blow in circles.
Any wind here is exciting.
Any wind then convects the heat in the feather tips away from the bird.
More wind is on the way today.
Most wind affects areas.
Most wind affects temperature.
Most wind affects weather.
Most wind arises from heat.
Most wind brings air.
Most wind brings cold air.
Most wind brings cold continental air.
Most wind brings continental air.
Most wind brings rainfall.
Most wind brings weather.
Most wind carries dust.
Most wind carries energy.
Most wind carries fine particles.
Most wind carries kinetic energy.
Most wind carries nitrogen.
Most wind carries particles.
Most wind carries small particles.
Most wind causes cold weather.
Most wind causes effects.
Most wind causes evaporation.
Most wind causes weather.
Most wind comes from sides.
Most wind consists of forces.
Most wind consists of pressure gradient forces.
Most wind contains vapor.
Most wind contains water vapor.
Most wind creates blizzard conditions.
Most wind creates conditions.
Most wind creates effects.
Most wind creates environments.
Most wind creates forces.
Most wind creates mechanical forces.
Most wind creates patterns.
Most wind creates same effects.
Most wind creates weather patterns.
Most wind drives powerful storms.
Most wind drives storms.
Most wind generates power.
Most wind generates waves.
Most wind gets heat.
Most wind has effects.
Most wind has energy.
Most wind has kinetic energy.
Most wind has mechanical energy.
Most wind has power.
Most wind has tremendous power.
Most wind helps convection.
Most wind is accompanied by cloudy weather.
Most wind is accompanied by rain.
Most wind is accompanied by weather.
Most wind is created by external forces.
Most wind is created by forces.
Most wind leads to shears.
Most wind leads to wind shears.
Most wind occurs in regions.
Most wind occurs in shallow zones.
Most wind occurs in zones.
Most wind passes through areas.
Most wind produces gusts.
Most wind promotes current.
Most wind reaches earth.
Most wind removes materials.
Most wind turns propellers.
Some wind accompanies storms.
Some wind affects life.
Some wind aggravates allergies.
Some wind becomes factors.
Some wind becomes major factors.
Some wind breaks limbs.
Some wind breaks weak limbs.
Some wind brings effects.
Some wind brings heavy rain.
Some wind brings life.
Some wind brings moisture.
Some wind brings physical effects.
Some wind brings rain.
Some wind brings scent.
Some wind brings snow.
Some wind brings sound.
Some wind carries bees.
Some wind carries fine sand.
Some wind carries grain.
Some wind carries hails.
Some wind carries plumes.
Some wind carries pollen grain.
Some wind carries sand.
Some wind carries snow.
Some wind causes air.
Some wind causes blow snow.
Some wind causes conditions.
Some wind causes cracks.
Some wind causes damage.
Some wind causes debris.
Some wind causes extensive damage.
Some wind causes light.
Some wind causes northern light.
Some wind causes power.
Some wind causes problems.
Some wind causes production.
Some wind causes reaction.
Some wind causes significant damage.
Some wind causes snow.
Some wind causes tornado.
Some wind causes trouble.
Some wind causes waves.
Some wind collects dust.
Some wind combines with rainfall.
Some wind combines with significant rainfall.
Some wind combines with snow.
Some wind creates damage.
Some wind creates line wind damage.
Some wind creates storms.
Some wind creates tornado.
Some wind creates waves.
Some wind destroys homes.
Some wind drives air.
Some wind drives chaparral fire.
Some wind drives chemistry.
Some wind drives current.
Some wind drives fire.
Some wind drives large waves.
Some wind drives rain.
Some wind drives seawater.
Some wind drives snow.
Some wind drives vapor.
Some wind drives water vapor.
Some wind drives water.
Some wind drives waves.
Some wind generates electricity.
Some wind has low cost.
Some wind has low variable cost.
Some wind has petals.
Some wind has variable cost.
Some wind helps eagles.
Some wind helps mosquitoes.
Some wind helps seabirds.
Some wind helps vapor.
Some wind hits snow.
Some wind hits umbrellas.
Some wind increases burns.
Some wind increases concentration.
Some wind is caused by gravity.
Some wind is generated by thunderstorms.
Some wind is helpful to prevent rot.
Some wind is needed to ensure success.
Some wind lasts for years.
Some wind leads to fog.
Some wind leads to infection.
Some wind leads to overnight fog.
Some wind moves cups.
Some wind moves poles.
Some wind moves snow.
Some wind moves spiders.
Some wind moves water.
Some wind occurs in lees.
Some wind occurs within areas.
Some wind passes through gardens.
Some wind passes through outdoor gardens.
Some wind penetrates lungs.
Some wind persists for several weeks.
Some wind persists for weeks.
Some wind plays minor roles.
Some wind plays roles.
Some wind plays significant roles.
Some wind prevents accumulation.
Some wind prevents infection.
Some wind prevents snow accumulation.
Some wind produces crop damage.
Some wind produces damage.
Some wind produces pollen.
Some wind produces stand waves.
Some wind produces waves.
Some wind provides opportunity.
Some wind pushes boats.
Some wind pushes cups.
Some wind pushes gases.
Some wind pushes sails.
Some wind reduces ability.
Some wind reduces growth.
Some wind reduces plant growth.
Some wind reduces pressure.
Some wind reduces skin abrasion.
Some wind releases gases.
Some wind removes body heat.
Some wind removes fog.
Some wind removes gases.
Some wind removes heat.
Some wind requires attention.
Some wind requires immediate attention.
Some wind spreads to homes.
Some wind turns blades.
Some wind uses turbines.
Some winds are destructive.
A windage is exposure
Windage does slow the loading of the musket.
Windage is also a consideration.
Windage is altered by a knob at the rear of the unit, moving the aperture either left or right.
Windage is gang adjustable only.
Windage is gang adjustable.
Windage is gang sdjustable only.
Windages are deflections.
Windages are diameters.
Windages are drag.
Windages are exposure.
A windbag is a person
Windbags are good making bagpipes.
All windbags are mentally defective people.
Windborn embers are one of the most common ways fires consume homes.
Windbreak density is the ratio of the solid portion of the barrier to the total area of the barrier.
Windbreak protection enriches the comfort and enjoyment of outdoor activities.
Windbreak walls are a moderately effective, low-cost odor control technology.
Windbreak walls are less expensive and perhaps an easier way to control swine odors.
A windbreak is a hedge
Windbreaks add value to acreages in many ways.
Windbreaks are barriers used to reduce and redirect wind.
Windbreaks are certainly the most effective components in cutting winter heat loss.
Windbreaks are effective wherever wind or sun is reducing yields of crops or livestock.
Windbreaks are essential for all animals housed outdoors.
Windbreaks are essential for top quality fruit.
Windbreaks are essential to help reduce damage from strong prevailing winds.
Windbreaks are hedges.
Windbreaks are home to wildlife, and can enhance a view or screen a home.
Windbreaks are important for reducing the effects of strong, persistent winds.
Windbreaks are most effective when located no more than the mature tree's height from the building.
Windbreaks are most effective when oriented at right angles to prevailing winds.
Windbreaks are single or multiple rows of trees planted on windward field boundaries.
Windbreaks do just what their name implies they reduce wind movement across a field.
Windbreaks enhance the quality of life on ranches and farms and add to the value of the property.
Windbreaks have a number of benefits.
Windbreaks have multiple purposes in crop production.
Windbreaks have multiple uses and provide multiple private and social benefits.
Windbreaks obstruct and redirect the flow of wind.
Windbreaks provide many benefits.
Windbreaks provide protection for people, animals, buildings, crops, and natural resources.
Windbreaks reduce wind speed and alter the microclimate in sheltered areas.
Windbreaks reduce wind speed and change the field environment.
Windbreaks require maintenance if they are to function properly.
Windbreaks serve a purpose.
All windbreaks provide scenic beauty and habitat for wildlife.
Most windbreaks also can serve other purposes.
A windbreaker is a jacket
Windbreakers are jackets.
Windbreakers play an important part in that.
Windbreakers roast Eighteen doing except some windbreakers.
Windbreakers sign up passed.
Many windbreaker know general because hard, hence thirst occupy everyone.
Winded catchers try to keep up with the toppling bodies.
Winded leaves watch a butterfly.
A winder is a mechanical device
Winders are mechanical devices.
Winders are now available in a very wide variety of types and price ranges.
Winders are workers.
Winders discourages bad habits or abnormal movement patterns.
Winders helps families and professionals learn to observe and then focus on the next step.
Winders is proud of the rest of the fall lineup as well.
Winders roll up the paper, and calendars make the paper surface glossy.
Windfall gains are no substitute for a consistent long term economic and industrial strategy.
A windfall is an occurrence
Windfall also directs the river into the south bank, causing erosion of the clay bank.
Windfall has a larger range of greens in three price tiers.
Windfall is a Canadian search engine and directory.
Windfall is the perfect word for autumn when there s a chill at night.
Windfall offers the best accommodations, packages, and pricing.
Windfall tells an extended story without sacrificing the lyricism of good poetry.
Windfalls are edible fruit.
Windfalls are major problems.
Any windfall remains years away, though.
A windflower is a flower
Windflowers are a speciality here.
Windflowers lack a corolla but have a showy lavender and white calyx.
Windham county is highlighted in yellow.
Windies are in tatters.
Winding paths lead through terraced gardens shaded by towering, tropical trees.
Winding paths lead to the beach and to observation benches on the bluff.
Winding is provided by two bellows.
Windings is forging.
Windings is movement.
A windlass is a lifting device
Windlasses are available with capstans, without capstans, or even on deck windlasses.
Windless conditions can aggravate matters.
Windless days are best for first timers.
A windmill is machinery
Windmill isa mill.
Windmills are a common sight in Nebraska.
Windmills are a growing technology.
Windmills are a poor choice for environmentally benign power production.
Windmills are abundant in Holland also.
Windmills are also less expensive but have limited pumping capacities.
Windmills are another source of pollution-free power.
Windmills are clean energy producers and they are impositions on pristine landscapes.
Windmills are examples of wind turbines that convert wind energy into mechanical energy.
Windmills are fast and easy to build and make a great science project.
Windmills are generators.
Windmills are good because they give off energy and electricity and grind wheat.
Windmills are machines operated by windpower.
Windmills are machines that are driven by the force of the wind upon it s propellers.
Windmills are machines.
Windmills are mills.
Windmills are often a great place to get water levels, but they are tricky to work with.
Windmills are one of the most enduring symbols of Holland.
Windmills are perhaps one of the future answers to generating electricity.
Windmills are quite prevalent out here due to our abundance of wind and lack of water.
Windmills are relatively light and tippy.
Windmills are secured to the ground and are stationary.
Windmills are sustainable energy sources.
Windmills are towers.
Windmills are toys.
Windmills can have an efficiency of about sixty percent.
Windmills can provide electricity to our homes.
Windmills can turn water to make electricity.
Windmills capture energy.
Windmills capture the solar energy stored in the wind by using large blades which turn a generator.
Windmills come in many forms, but nowadays they are often very big to efficiently generate energy.
Windmills convert wind.
Windmills dot the Kansas countryside.
Windmills employ ancient technology.
Windmills generate electricity.
Windmills generate enough electricity.
Windmills have (part) sections.
Windmills have more blades than modern wind turbines, and they rely on drag to rotate the blades.
Windmills look like giant fans.
Windmills operate best under certain conditions that are dictated by their design.
Windmills provide much of the power required.
Windmills pump water from deep wells and sanitary systems are self-contained.
Windmills pump water.
Windmills receive energy.
Windmills remain an important supplier of water for Texas cattlemen.
Windmills supply the water for home and stock.
Windmills tap into the energy of the wind using sails or vanes.
Windmills transform energy.
Windmills turn above stubbly cornfields and bittersweet vines climb the porches.
Windmills turn blades.
Windmills turn turbine blades.
Windmills turn water to make electricity.
Windmills use the kinetic energy of moving air to turn the millstones and grind corn.
Windmills use the wind and gears to move water up a pipe and into the holding tank.
Windmills use wind.
Windmills work because they slow down the speed of the wind.
Windmills always turn counter-clockwise.
More windmills are under construction.
Most windmills capture energy.
Most windmills convert wind.
Most windmills generate electricity.
Most windmills generate enough electricity.
Most windmills pump water.
Most windmills receive energy.
Most windmills transform energy.
Most windmills turn blades.
Most windmills turn turbine blades.
Most windmills use wind.
Some windmills are always in operation.
Some windmills have power.
Some windmills involve conversions.
Some windmills kill eagles.
Some windmills use fans.
A window box is a box
Window boxes are charming and so, so easy.
Window boxes are charmingly effective.
Window boxes are great for herbs.
Window boxes are ideal for gardeners who find going outdoors difficult.
Window boxes are just plain wonderful for their looks alone.
Window boxes are usually plastic, wood or long wire baskets called hayracks.
Window boxes can add colour and are fairly inexpensive.
Window boxes can be extremely heavy with moist soil and plants.
Window boxes look their best if they're crowded with plants.
Window boxes overflow with colorful flowers.
Window boxes overflow with flowers and climbing pink roses bramble over white picket fences.
Window boxes overflow with red petunias.
Window boxes require frequent watering-often daily in hot, dry weather.
Window boxs are boxs.
Some window boxes fill with colorful flowers.
Some window boxes fill with flowers.
A window cleaner is a cleaner
Window cleaner are cleaner.
Window cleaner are located in cabinets.
Window cleaner is a wonderful asset in here.
Window cleaners have one of the more dangerous professions.
Most window cleaners contain either soap or detergent.
All window components feature additional seal protection against ultraviolet rays.
Window covering are devices.
Window coverings are a decorative item, and the licensure is a gray area of the law.
Window coverings are magnets for dust.
Window coverings are of good quality and are coordinated with the furnishings.
Window coverings attract dust.
Window coverings can stop drafts and reduce heat lost through window glass.
Window coverings reduce heat loss in winter and heat gain in summer.
Window coverings stay.
Window displays are the first messages customers receive.
Window displays can help enormously.
A window dressing is decoration
Window dressing can have the same price-depressing affect on the market as tax selling.
Window dressing is as close to lying as a mutual fund manager can go without actually fibbing.
Window dressing is considered an art form, a feast for the eyes.
Window dressings are decoration.
Window dressings comprise the largest sector, followed by bedding.
Window film can provide some anti-lacerative protection by helping to hold shattered glass together.
Window film is clear as glass.
Window film is easy to clean and maintain, too.
Window films are a retrofit product installed directly to the interior side of the glass.
Window films are also available with different performance features.
Window films are effective and easy to maintain.
Window films reflect much of the sun's heat before it passes through the glass.
All window films have a powerful adhesive on one side that permits secure bonding to the glass.
A window frame is a framework
Window frames are black walnut.
Window frames are clad, for the most part, with a low maintenance material.
Window frames are frameworks.
Window frames are next in order of detailing the cottage.
Window frames are part of windows.
Window frames are such items.
Window frames are wood, vinyl or fiberglass.
Window frames painted with lead-based paint can be a significant exposure risk.
Many window frames are available all with varying degrees of energy efficiency.
Some window frames are part of abbeys.
Some window frames are part of architecture.
Some window frames are part of barns.
Some window frames are part of buildings.
Some window frames are part of bungalows.
Some window frames are part of cafes.
Some window frames are part of castles.
Some window frames are part of cathedrals.
Some window frames are part of churches.
Some window frames are part of convents.
Some window frames are part of coops.
Some window frames are part of cottages.
Some window frames are part of cowsheds.
Some window frames are part of farmhouses.
Some window frames are part of frigates.
Some window frames are part of garages.
Some window frames are part of greenhouses.
Some window frames are part of hospitals.
Some window frames are part of hotels.
Some window frames are part of houses.
Some window frames are part of inns.
Some window frames are part of kennels.
Some window frames are part of manors.
Some window frames are part of monasteries.
Some window frames are part of mosques.
Some window frames are part of observatories.
Some window frames are part of palaces.
Some window frames are part of pubs.
Some window frames are part of restaurants.
Some window frames are part of rinks.
Some window frames are part of ships.
Some window frames are part of shipwrecks.
Some window frames are part of skylights.
Some window frames are part of skyscrapers.
Some window frames are part of stables.
Some window frames are part of steamers.
Some window frames are part of submarines.
Some window frames are part of tankers.
Some window frames are part of temples.
Some window frames are part of theaters.
Some window frames are part of theatres.
Some window frames are part of windows.
Window functions are the basis for all existing universal scheme interfaces.
Window glass blocks radiation.
Window lakes occur when the ground drops below the water table.
Window ledges become service access points.
Every window maker has slightly different designs.
Window managers are already one of the most stable and complete components.
Window managers are applications that are responsible for the window decorations.
Window managers are less interventionist leaving the application to shape the media.
Window managers are part of the graphical interface.
All window managers can execute programs from a pulldown menu.
Every window manager has a different look, and themes help personalize that look.
Some window managers do a better job of compliancy than others.
Some window managers go farther and do some tasks of session management as well.
Some window managers provide a command to delete a window.
Some window managers provide session management, for example.
Some window managers support mini icons in menus or title bars, etc.
Some window managers support other graphics file formats too.
Window of opportunity is just after the snow goes off, before green up.
Windows of opportunity are shorter.
A window pane is a controlled substance
A window pane is a street drug
Every window pane is rattling and the lamp posts are bending like bamboo.
Window Rock is along the ridge to our right.
Window Rock is another special spot.
Window Rock is the capitol of the reservation.
A window screen is a screen
Window screen works about right.
Window Screens Learn how to patch window screens.
A window seat is a bench
Window seats add coziness to many of the guestrooms.
Window seats are a perfect example of a small area that draws people.
Window seats are benchs.
Window seats have fantastic view of the harbour.
Some window seats are also available.
Window service is offered as well as individual boxes.
A window shade is a screen
Window shade collapses the window to just the title bar.
Window shades are the finishing touch to that special room.
Window shoppers meet last-minute window cleaners before the stores open.
Window shopping can be a part of the early walks.
Window shopping is always a joy in Bright with clothes and crafts, antiques and artwork.
Window shopping is another standby.
Window shopping is favored over serious financial commitment.
Window shopping is hampered by the primitive nature of search engines.
Window shopping is more complicated than it used to be.
Window sills are heavy wooden boards with ovolo edges.
Window sills are over twelve inches deep.
Window sills are where the highest concentrations of lead dust are found.
Window sills are white cut stone and trim above the windows is ornamental wood brackets.
Most window sills are of imported marble.
Window sticker is required.
Window stickers are available in some markets and are usually coordinated with tops.
Window system provides a text console, mouse input, and bitmapped display device for each window.
Most window systems support arbitrarily located overlapping windows.
Some window systems reserve more colors for thir own use, thereby allowing programs fewer choices.
Window tint is actually very easy to apply.
Window treatment is kept simple in the country style.
Window treatments are a beautiful way to finish a bedroom.
Window treatments are a custom made product.
Window treatments are also important to prevent heat loss.
Window treatments are another spot in a room that can be updated to reflect the changing seasons.
Window treatments are functional and decorative.
Window treatments are in place to prevent glare on the monitors.
Window treatments are one of the most important elements of distinctive interior design.
Window treatments are so casual now.
Window treatments are soft, flowing and sheer, leaving all heaviness behind.
Window treatments are too costly.
Window treatments can be both.
Window treatments leave a lasting impression.
Window treatments offer an effective yet often overlooked way of personalizing a room.
Window treatments require appropriate fullness for size of window.
Window treatments use the same crimson material.
All window treatments remain.
All window treatments stay with the exception of the set that matches comforter.
All window treatments stay.
Window trim is black except for a stainless steel highlight on each side.
All window trim is finished in natural tones to match.
A window washer is a washer
Window washers can be less discriminating about the types of chemicals they use to clean a building.
Some window washers fall to death.
Window washing is accomplished as resources permit.
Window washing is very expensive.
Window width is now adjustable.
A window is a framework
Window admit at several discount rawlings baseball.
Window admit at several golf magazine online.
Window admit at several golf resort - fort lauderdale miami.
Window admit at several golf swing picture.
Window allocate always on top.
Window allows light to enter at sunrise on the first day of winter.
Window allows partial view of movement.
Window are just a few of the products offered.
Window arrives covered in paper backing, in perfect condition, free from scratches Rounded corners.
Window blows out.
Window calculates the number of observations per window in the following manner.
Window can Course over a passenger across little loss.
Window changes the cursor to a finger used to point to the window to be captured.
Window cover off most angel whether descend game for teenager.
Window covering safety tips CPSC and the window covering council offer the following safety tips.
Window covers double zip from the inside.
Window covers that can be bolted in place are most effective in keeping water out.
Window create and destroy events .
Window dragging especially is flawless.
Window dressing ahead of a summit helps boost statesman status.
Window extends  java.awt.
Window falls Be aware of the danger of falls from windows by unsupervised young children.
Window fasten the canned food science diet during trousers.
Window fly among no shower than rank ucla bruins jersey.
Window is active, then choose View from the menubar and Properties from the menu.
Window is constantly on the lookout for the opinions, feelings and experiences of readers.
Window is kept in tact and unnoticeable from outside.
Window is laser cut for accuracy and cleanliness.
Window is movable, sizable.
Window is now resizable.
Window is open.
Window is resizeable and scrollable .
Window is small and can even be minimized and still get paid.
Window is to spare bed room.
Window isa structure.
Window latch on a window needs to be installed.
Window locks several varieties to choose from depending on the type of window to be protected.
Window minimizes to task bar .
Window moves to the center of the screen by itself.
Window moves to the centre of the screen by itself.
Window opens for land speed record run in Black Rock Desert near Reno, pending any protests.
Window opens, shade is drawn up.
Window panes rattle old rust, summer rising.
Window presents Window.
Window resizing now causes automatic revalidation of component layout.
Window shades Another major source for savings is the air conditioner.
Window shading gives a small window with disk usage.
Window sills on the first floor are often the site of a package bomb.
Window sills throughout the house are low, for a better view from a seated position.
Window spoofing is possible and it is also possible in some cases to read files behind a firewall.
Window suggest over that glove since shop hilary shepard turner movie.
Window tinting laws vary from state to state and province to province.
Window trim on new windows is missing and the wood frame and sash remain unprotected.
Window update acknowledgment number.
Window walk in frontage.
Window well covers offer long-term safety and protection, easy access and lots of light.
Windows above are opaque, but available in tinted plex with venetian blinds and curtain details.
Windows absorb light.
Windows allow filtered natural light to illuminate the works of art.
Windows allow light to pan through to the indoors.
Windows allow multiple views of objects to be displayed.
Windows allow radiated heat to pass through and ignite combustible materials inside.
Windows allow viewing above and below the surface.
Windows alone offer little protection against wind-driven debris.
Windows also present a maintenance problem.
Windows also use the corners and edges to resize the window.
Windows appear in the same location when the application is relaunched.
Windows are a common hazard for children.
Windows are a frequent point of entry.
Windows are a major character-defining feature on residential buildings.
Windows are a major feature of the other floors as well.
Windows are a major source of glare in many offices.
Windows are a variety of sizes and are covered with mini-blinds.
Windows are all double glazed e-type.
Windows are all good.
Windows are all open to greet the summer weather.
Windows are all themopane glass.
Windows are also an important consideration.
Windows are also available as a second means of egress.
Windows are also ears.
Windows are also possible means of entry into buildings and vehicles.
Windows are also problematic here.
Windows are also significant when broken.
Windows are also there for channel volume and panning.
Windows are also translucent and have drop shadows.
Windows are also vulnerable.
Windows are aluminum glider type.
Windows are always fun because they're see through.
Windows are an asset as they provide lighting, ventilation, and a view of the outdoors.
Windows are an essential part of all homes.
Windows are an important consideration in any design but they are expensive and can be overdone.
Windows are an important part of a building's sound barrier.
Windows are analogous to the telescope.
Windows are another area of concern.
Windows are another area of great concern.
Windows are another common entry point for burglars.
Windows are another problem.
Windows are another styling difference.
Windows are appropriate.
Windows are areas.
Windows are armor-plate glass which disintegrates without cutting edges or slivers.
Windows are at a premium.
Windows are available as an optional accessory.
Windows are available to watch the dogs play and the birds eat.
Windows are badly fitted and buildings are poorly insulated.
Windows are best high in the walls in order to minimize external distractions.
Windows are big.
Windows are burglars second choice.
Windows are burglars' second choice.
Windows are casement.
Windows are cherished fixtures in offices.
Windows are clear glass, and lack privacy protection.
Windows are clear.
Windows are closed that never used to be by day.
Windows are common points of entry for criminals, regardless of their height from the ground.
Windows are costly because they have to be custom-made, in many cases.
Windows are currently dark glass with aluminum frames and metal bars.
Windows are desirable in all occupied areas.
Windows are displays.
Windows are double hung sash, with either two over two or one over one panes.
Windows are double-hung in wood frames with brick sills.
Windows are energy efficient with custom made blinds.
Windows are especially rewarding for placement of bird stations and water gardens.
Windows are especially troublesome.
Windows are essential in a closed barn.
Windows are extremely vulnerable.
Windows are fairly obvious on most of the parts.
Windows are fascinating, as is the sight of toys being pulled across the floor.
Windows are files.
Windows are films.
Windows are floor length, and the shutters are still operate.
Windows are flush with exterior wall to reduce the possibility of moisture damage.
Windows are frames that usually display the contents of items represented by icons.
Windows are frameworks.
Windows are free of curtains to allow more natural light in.
Windows are generally metal, casement type.
Windows are generally mullioned casements with an occasional bay window.
Windows are generally rectangular.
Windows are genuine glass.
Windows are great on the main and jib both.
Windows are high with skylights on the upper two floors.
Windows are in and siding is going on.
Windows are in bad shape.
Windows are in on all three floors.
Windows are in, and carpeting has already begun on some of the floors.
Windows are key.
Windows are large and pillars are thin for better view.
Windows are large and set low to provide a good, clear view of the canal.
Windows are large enough and low enough to allow easy escape in case of fire.
Windows are large to encourage ventilation and to let in lots of light.
Windows are large, but rear roof pillars restrict a driver's view.
Windows are light and lacy and draped with roses.
Windows are like pieces of paper on a desk.
Windows are located in attics.
Windows are located in bedrooms.
Windows are located in buildings.
Windows are located in classrooms.
Windows are located in front doors.
Windows are located in garages.
Windows are located in houses.
Windows are located in lofts.
Windows are located in offices.
Windows are located in rooms.
Windows are located in space shuttles.
Windows are located in walls.
Windows are low E argon glass designed to match the original architecture.
Windows are low, giving patients unrestricted outside views from their beds.
Windows are low-e, argon filled, with vinyl clad wood casings.
Windows are made of glass.
Windows are made of materials.
Windows are more than glass objects on a house.
Windows are much longer and wider than most American homes, so many families use vertical blinds.
Windows are never far away.
Windows are new in all of the home.
Windows are nice, but they either let in too much heat, or let out too much, or vice versa.
Windows are nice.
Windows are no exception.
Windows are now resizable.
Windows are now vertically resizable.
Windows are occasionally casements divided by heavy metal mullions.
Windows are of very high quality, with radius corner aluminum frames that have been powder coated.
Windows are often in inconvenient places.
Windows are on the east wall.
Windows are on two opposing sides.
Windows are one over one, double hung, and set in pairs in the east and west bays.
Windows are one type of view, although menus, dialogs, and graphs can be views, too.
Windows are open and curtains are waving freely from the open windows.
Windows are open.
Windows are openings.
Windows are operable.
Windows are operating systems.
Windows are our eyes.
Windows are our open opportunity to learn and let the mind travel . . .
Windows are panels.
Windows are part of buildings.
Windows are part of buses.
Windows are part of cars.
Windows are part of computer screens.
Windows are passive, doors are active.
Windows are portals.
Windows are probably one of the most changed products in terms of energy efficiency in new homes.
Windows are rectangles divided into four window-panes.
Windows are rectangular areas that are subsets of the global coordinate plane.
Windows are rectangular regions.
Windows are replacement - thermo pane plus the triple trac storm system.
Windows are resizable and all settings are remembered.
Windows are resizeable work spaces for each open application or function.
Windows are responsible for arranging views inside their boundaries.
Windows are sand that clear for thought saying nothing for what is caught.
Windows are scary things, unlike doors which are friends.
Windows are self-flashing and connect to the panel system.
Windows are simple.
Windows are six panes over six, with much of the original glass intact.
Windows are small or nonexistent and the interior space is cramped and dark.
Windows are subclasses of java.awt.Window .
Windows are temporary safety glass in molded fibreglass frames.
Windows are the best targets for shading since glass transmits sunshine directly.
Windows are the bridge between inside and outside.
Windows are the burglar's second choice.
Windows are the eyes of a home.
Windows are the interfaces to the entities.
Windows are the most common means of entry in domestic cases.
Windows are the most common sources of light for houseplants.
Windows are the most popular technique for composting food waste.
Windows are the most vulnerable point of entry.
Windows are the pallets of nature and the selection is ever changing.
Windows are the weakest link in any building s thermal barrier.
Windows are thermal holes.
Windows are thermo-pane.
Windows are time periods.
Windows are to be closed at schools.
Windows are to be double glazed, unless directed otherwise by project manager.
Windows are to require no more than five pounds of force to push, pull, or lift.
Windows are to the east and west.
Windows are top opening aluminium framed units.
Windows are triple-paned to eliminate exterior sounds, such as the airport and roadway traffic.
Windows are twelve over twelve lights - double sashes with twelve panes each.
Windows are twelve pane steel frame units, with a center panel that swings out for ventilation.
Windows are up and the convertible was replaced with a family car.
Windows are usually double hung.
Windows are usually round arched but can also be flat or segmentally arched.
Windows are valuable attention-getters.
Windows are valuable storefront space.
Windows are very important in the energy efficiency of the home.
Windows are very useful.
Windows are walls.
Windows are way more customizable now.
Windows are wide to allow enough air circulation.
Windows are with double glass for silencing airport noise.
Windows are workable and come with screens.
Windows ATrueType u.
Windows attract pedestrians, who act as a security system for the business.
Windows beckon the sun's warm rays.
Windows become bull's-eyes for flying tree limbs.
Windows become invisible.
Windows bring in sunlight making bathroom bright.
Windows build directory.
Windows burst like glass lungs.
Windows can be weather sealed to complete enclosed areas if necessary.
Windows clean inside and out.
Windows click here .
Windows climbing all the way to the vaulted ceiling provide an uninterrupted view of the Lake.
Windows clipboard retains only one copied item at a time.
Windows close slowly, lashes curl on cheeks, then flip upward.
Windows contain an input field, a results area, and buttons to click to perform tasks.
Windows contain clues to a building's history.
Windows contain icons, information, or documents.
Windows contain in many instances leaded or stained glass.
Windows contain silica.
Windows containing buttons, selection boxes and numeric entry boxes appear as required.
Windows create a pleasant living space filled with light.
Windows deserve more attention because they outnumber doors.
Windows display the pick of products from nearly every nation.
Windows drag and drop file support.
Windows drive mappings follow a user from machine to machine within a domain.
Windows emit light.
Windows enhance the clarity of processes where state points tend to crowd together.
Windows everywhere create the feeling of an uninterrupted meeting of the outdoors and indoors.
Windows executable application.
Windows executable image.
Windows facing east or west are the main source of intrusive heat.
Windows facing north allow natural light into the main laboratory areas.
Windows facing onto the street brighten the bar area.
Windows facing south also bring in the warmth from the outdoors.
Windows facing south and west offer an welcome view of the wild, wooded space out back.
Windows facing south provide the brightest light conditions for the longest duration.
Windows facing the south or west have the best light.
Windows fall out of houses.
Windows feature double-sided raised panel shutters and custom millwork.
Windows file select dialogue.
Windows file sharing test is performed with every scan.
Windows fill two complete walls.
Windows Find the folder containing the file and double-click the file.
Windows fold under shades.
Windows form the shell of a room, along with the floors, walls and ceilings.
Windows freeware for file renaming, splitting, merging, and text replacement.
Windows frost up inside the bus, the road is bouncy, the seats hard, the scene inside raucous.
Windows get all steamed.
Windows get dirty very easily also.
Windows give a view of the Hard Rock pool area.
Windows give views of fields and open sky.
Windows glow again.
Windows go blue with a system halted message.
Windows go up real slow.
Windows guide the user by listing accessible control keys and selection variables.
Windows have (part) bases.
Windows have (part) keyholes.
Windows have (part) sections.
Windows have (part) window frames.
Windows have (part) windowpanes.
Windows have (part) windowsills.
Windows have a glazing layer for glass.
Windows have a molded sill.
Windows have a sliding section that opens to the outside.
Windows have aluminum and steel sashes and the glass is single-glazed.
Windows have blinds.
Windows have dimensions.
Windows have flyscreens.
Windows have frames.
Windows have heavy hood moldings or lintels and have one or two panes in each sash.
Windows have insulating glass in steel frames.
Windows have layers.
Windows have light control shades.
Windows have much lower resistance to heat transfer than do equal areas of insulated wall.
Windows have no read syntax.
Windows have nothing to do with authentication.
Windows have panes.
Windows have single pane glass.
Windows have slightly rounded edges and subtle, true-colour icons and shading effects.
Windows have standard blinds.
Windows have standard venetian blinds.
Windows have to open, and there'd better be a power showerhead in the tub.
Windows have venetian blinds or window shades.
Windows have yet to be installed in the various classrooms and offices.
Windows help feature is implemented.
Windows help files are also a great format for distributing stand-alone documents.
Windows help pages are provided with the software.
Windows help version.
Windows ignore frame-color settings.
Windows install by running the self-installing executable.
Windows installer merge modules provide customers with packaged forms of the redistributable files.
Windows just eat memory for doing nothing.
Windows keep the cold out in or let the light in.
Windows keep their scale when they are resized.
Windows know no pain they are but glass with leaves and flowers distilled.
Windows look and feel, so menus and toolbars are easy and intuitive.
Windows look different.
Windows look east to backyard and south to side yard.
Windows look good as new.
Windows look great with pillar candles in their pots.
Windows look out into the rainforest and gardens.
Windows look out on the gardens and the peaceful atmosphere contributes to their comfort as well.
Windows look out on wildflowers, aspens and mountains.
Windows look out onto a cacophony of bamboo and anthuriums.
Windows look out onto beautiful grounds of azaleas and pecan and oak trees.
Windows look out onto forest canopy and sky.
Windows look out onto new window boxes, a bluestone entry walk, and cobblestone driveway.
Windows look out onto the field below.
Windows look out over the brewing floor.
Windows look out upon the back yard and a door opens onto a covered patio area.
Windows look uniform.
Windows looking outdoors are desirable, if there is adequate protection from glare.
Windows lose and gain heat by conduction, convection, radiation and air leakage.
Windows lose heat in four ways.
Windows make data manipulation clearer and easier.
Windows make no adjustment.
Windows make utility binaries download site.
Windows nail right in place.
Windows now crashes differently.
Windows now does a much better job of turning added memory into faster performance.
Windows now drag normally, except for some weirdness at the left edge of the screen.
Windows now fit around the tabs when the titlebar is hidden freeing up more valuable desktop space.
Windows now glide across the display like silk.
Windows now have a new property entitled backdrop.
Windows now offers value, choice and time to market.
Windows now remember their last size and position.
Windows now requests phone number details.
Windows now run the full length of the coach roof, which updates the appearance.
Windows now save their size.
Windows now show in their header how many series they have.
Windows now stagger correctly.
Windows occur infrequently in vertical bands.
Windows offer a delightful view of the pool and the manicured lawns along the bay.
Windows offer another view of the Boston skyline.
Windows offer increased panoramic views.
Windows offer to update if the underlying data are changed.
Windows offer up a great way to alter a room's appearance.
Windows only support for firmware updating.
Windows open a little faster.
Windows open along each seat and a back deck allow for easy photography and viewing.
Windows open exactly on top of each other.
Windows open just five inches can pose a danger to children.
Windows open often for fresh air circulation.
Windows open on to the street.
Windows open up to stunning views of Resurrection Bay.
Windows operating and a user-friendly interface make it very easy to locate and fix errors.
Windows operating system Computers have to have an operating system.
Windows overlook each classroom providing an added safety feature.
Windows overlook the aquatics area.
Windows overlook the garden.
Windows overlook the museum floor.
Windows overlook the water.
Windows overlook the 'wild' garden and the recently planted orchard.
Windows penetrating the foundation walls are rectangular with keystones above each.
Windows perform valuable functions.
Windows pierce each of the fourteen bays in the warehouse combined with a clerestory.
Windows pop and disappear smoothly and the display repainting is smooth.
Windows pop up along the way, with historical tidbits and a few biographical sketches.
Windows pose their share of application problems.
Windows present in the bay are industrial multi-paned with metal sashes.
Windows provide a secondary means of escape.
Windows provide a way for people to view and interact with their data.
Windows provide day lighting, ventilation and solar heating in the winter.
Windows provide daylight, views, ventilation and solar heating in the winter.
Windows provide information.
Windows provide insight.
Windows provide light.
Windows provide multiple independent views into the system.
Windows provide relevant information.
Windows provide surveillance.
Windows provide the room with natural light.
Windows provide ventilation as well as light.
Windows provide views, daylighting, ventilation, and solar heating in the winter.
Windows provide views, natural lighting, ventilation, and solar heating in the winter.
Windows range in size from the entire display to a single character.
Windows refresh themselves and the scrollbars work nicely.
Windows remain in places.
Windows remain open until they are closed.
Windows remain walled up and the unpatched holes are for scaffolding.
Windows remember their last location, size, and selection when they are re-opened.
Windows require maintenance.
Windows require regular maintenance.
Windows require to be fitted with one or more suitable locks fitted along the opening edge.
Windows roll down.
Windows round about with external shade and overhead light for the night time.
Windows run time support.
Windows running from the old disk can hibernate.
Windows See the harbour download page .
Windows shatter in all our lives.
Windows shatter with the force of the explosion.
Windows shell open properly.
Windows show subdirectories, the active voice connections or data connections.
Windows slide open on pilothouse sides and aft.
Windows snap open and closed instantly.
Windows snap open, applications switch instantly, and graphics respond much faster.
Windows splash screen show distorted colors.
Windows start moving and opening.
Windows still shade.
Windows stretch from the ceiling to the floor.
Windows surround the main dining room and overlook a panoramic view.
Windows take a beating.
Windows Talk about cornering the market.
Windows tell about the people living inside.
Windows tend to be lower and wider than the earlier styles.
Windows tend to be more of a size and shape.
Windows tend to retain their scale when using plug-ins which create new images now.
Windows therefore decides which files to store.
Windows too have to be special.
Windows transmit heat much more quickly than walls and benefit more from shade as a result.
Windows understand at 'H' and an 'h' to be the same character.
Windows unlock themselves.
Windows upgrade available.
Windows upgrade licenses only.
Windows vary dramatically in how effectively they block infiltration.
Windows vary in size Back to top .
Windows waste plenty of energy - and money.
Windows weaken the intensity of color and severely affect brilliance.
Windows work very well if properly installed in the correct location.
Windows wrap around three sides of the library on the second and third floors.
Windows often have a single pane of glass.
Windows often overlap each other.
All windows allow for quick navigation from window to window, field to field or year to year.
All windows also have a vertical scrollbar as well as sometimes a horizontal scrollbar .
All windows are armored glass equipped with retractable wire grills.
All windows are closed and locked.
All windows are diamond pane casements, with oriel windows at the second floor.
All windows are diamond pane casements.
All windows are double pane.
All windows are double-glazed with hardwood frames.
All windows are fixed plate glass enclosed in metal frame.
All windows are fully insect-screened.
All windows are in, and furniture is starting to accumulate in the basement.
All windows are leak and pressure tested before delivery.
All windows are low-E windows only in strategic energy locations.
All windows are memorials of departed members of the congregation.
All windows are of single-pane glass.
All windows are open until death.
All windows are operable.
All windows are original large-logo sekurit.
All windows are resizable.
All windows are shuttered and have stone lintels with carved corner blocks.
All windows are sizeable by dragging the lower right corner to the desired dimensions.
All windows are solar tinted for energy efficiency.
All windows are storm-insulated.
All windows are to have uniform grids.
All windows are tripple-glazed for high efficiency performance.
All windows are way up above the shelving.
All windows are wood-framed.
All windows are zoomable to fill the screen.
All windows associated with colormap immediately display with true colors.
All windows can be moved by dragging the shaded are to on the left of the window.
All windows can be visible at the same time.
All windows close including desktop, then re-appear, some icons disappear from tray.
All windows come with a keyed padlock so no release system is needed.
All windows come with screens.
All windows contain a bold horizontal divider line.
All windows dock seamlessly.
All windows dock seemlessly.
All windows float and can be repositioned the user.
All windows go up and down with one touch of the switch.
All windows have a baked-on enamel finish that eliminates the dreaded chore of painting.
All windows have a title bar.
All windows have an associated right-button menu, so does every entry in the sequence list.
All windows have blinds, all opening windows and hatches have removable screens.
All windows have double glass and wooden shutters.
All windows have double panes to isolate from noise.
All windows have inside shutters to seal off the windows from light and storms.
All windows have linen curtains.
All windows have locks but no screens.
All windows have locks.
All windows have miniblinds or vertical drapes complete with curtains or valances.
All windows have mini-blinds.
All windows have room-darkening shades.
All windows have shades.
All windows have some features in common.
All windows have stone sills and lintels.
All windows have stone sills.
All windows have the projections correctly set.
All windows have the same basic look and feel, regardless of their contents.
All windows have three areas.
All windows have to open on such a screen.
All windows have traditional locks.
All Windows have tubular horizontal sash members.
All windows have venetian blinds for light control and there is a wall mounted dry erase board.
All windows have vertical blinds so individuals can control glare.
All windows have yet to be cut out and the glazing put in.
All windows operate easily and seal tight.
All windows overlook the garden.
All windows run their programs completely independent of each other.
All windows transmit UV, regardless of whether they face direct sun.
ALL windows work, including tailgate.
Any window can have any number of secondary window children.
Any windows are at right angles to the screen, rather than behind or in front of it.
Any windows are breakage resistant.
Every window also has a minimum size that is enforced.
Every window belongs to a certain class.
Every window belongs to a class.
Every window boasts panoramic views.
Every window comes with a card explaining the cleaning.
Every window ends with a blank line.
Every window has a control menu , which is used to control the window.
Every window has a different design.
Every window has a flower box.
Every window has a mode line that displays information about the buffer.
Every window has a picture perfect view.
Every window has a Region.
Every window has it's own cell cursor.
Every window has mini-blinds.
Every window has one associated buffer, whose contents appear in the window.
Every window has on-screen help.
Every window has two titles.
Every window is a separate thread.
Every window is a skylight and the walls are the roof.
Every window is associated with a window class.
Every window is boarded or shuttered and stores are winding down to close.
Every window is broken.
Every window is gone.
Every window is open and still, no air comes in.
Every window offers a different view.
Every window offers tranquil views of verdant pastures with grazing horses and cattle.
Many windows allow panoramic views of the impressive countryside.
Many windows can appear simultaneously, overlapping or adjacent to each other.
Many windows contain more objects than can be displayed.
Many windows create a happy, welcoming, and pleasant atmosphere.
Many windows enjoy direct views of our ever-changing waters.
Many windows have snap-out grills for a more traditional look.
Many windows let in the fresh air.
Many windows make the large living room, dining area and kitchen bright.
Many windows offer views of emerald lake waters, cedars, birches and maples.
Many windows present a unique challenge.
Many windows take full advantage of the outrageous views.
More windows brighten the whole.
Most windows above reflect a straighforward camera view of the participant.
Most windows absorb light.
Most windows are among the oldest ones in Switzerland.
Most windows are available in various sizes to fit several sash openings.
Most windows are dual pane.
Most windows are made of materials.
Most windows are now fixed size.
Most windows are plastic and opaque.
Most windows ce among old, natural courage cheat whatever rough tips across most post.
Most windows come equipped with latches.
Most windows contain a help button to display context sensitive help.
Most windows emit light.
Most windows expose additional functionality with a simple right mouse click in that window.
Most windows face north and south.
Most windows have a wreath.
Most windows have an access pocket in the side of the jam.
Most windows have bulky-looking frames, clumsy proportions, and obtrusive clips and latches.
Most windows have dimensions.
Most windows have enough space for a leaded glass panel.
Most windows have layers.
Most windows have panes.
Most windows have scroll bars.
Most windows have single fixed sashes and plate glazing.
Most windows have stone sills.
Most windows have the ability to be resized and moved about.
Most windows have title bars across the top of the window.
Most windows provide information.
Most windows provide light.
Most windows provide relevant information.
Most windows provide surveillance.
Most windows remain in places.
Most windows require maintenance.
Most windows require regular maintenance.
Most windows run from floor to ceiling and slide into side pockets.
Some window shows buttons with double frame shown below.
Some windows also have secondary windows that are accessed through buttons.
Some windows are covered by curtains.
Some windows are covered by thick curtains.
Some windows are part of abbeys.
Some windows are part of architecture.
Some windows are part of barns.
Some windows are part of buildings.
Some windows are part of bungalows.
Some windows are part of cafes.
Some windows are part of castles.
Some windows are part of cathedrals.
Some windows are part of churches.
Some windows are part of convents.
Some windows are part of coops.
Some windows are part of cottages.
Some windows are part of cowsheds.
Some windows are part of dairies.
Some windows are part of farmhouses.
Some windows are part of farms.
Some windows are part of garages.
Some windows are part of greenhouses.
Some windows are part of hospitals.
Some windows are part of hotels.
Some windows are part of houses.
Some windows are part of inns.
Some windows are part of kennels.
Some windows are part of manors.
Some windows are part of monasteries.
Some windows are part of mosques.
Some windows are part of observatories.
Some windows are part of palaces.
Some windows are part of playgrounds.
Some windows are part of pubs.
Some windows are part of ranches.
Some windows are part of restaurants.
Some windows are part of rinks.
Some windows are part of skyscrapers.
Some windows are part of stables.
Some windows are part of temples.
Some windows are part of theaters.
Some windows are part of theatres.
Some windows are transparent and others are made from milk glass.
Some windows attract birds.
Some windows barely meet the standard, while others greatly exceed it.
Some windows contain information.
Some windows contain light.
Some windows contain plastic films between the panes rather than extra pieces of glass.
Some windows fill with carbon dioxide.
Some windows fill with dioxide.
Some windows get sunlight in the morning, and some in the afternoon.
Some windows have a titlebar, some have outer shade, and some have inner shade.
Some windows have arches and baroque surrounds.
Some windows have bait stations.
Some windows have grills.
Some windows have stations.
Some windows have their own encoding menus.
Some windows have vacuums.
Some windows make certain aspects more visible.
Some windows radiate heat.
Some windows remain lit.
Windowed applications cause the system to hang when they interact with the floppy.
Windowed applications run smoothly with no jerkiness or hesitation.
Windowed boxes feature the same graphics as the label.
Windowed chips are available that can be erased under a powerful ultraviolet light.
Windowed interface allows easy conversion.
Windowed mode is specified with -win xxx yyy.
Any windowing environment needs to adjust to the resolution and color depth set by the user.
Windowing functions transform ideal filters which have infinite length to filters of finite length.
Windowing processes continue to work even when deriving realistically incorrect output.
Windowing systems have window managers that perform a variety of functions.
Windowing systems provide a rich event-driven interface which allow multiple scrolling windows.
Windowing systems provide the same set of commands, but through selection of menu items or icons.
Windowless rooms pose the same problem.
Windowpane configuration reflects the style of trim applied to the house.
Windowpane divider See muntin.
Windowpane flounder are thin-bodied, with less muscle than most other flatfish.
Windowpane isa pane.
Windowpanes have (part) sections.
Some windowpanes are part of abbeys.
Some windowpanes are part of architecture.
Some windowpanes are part of barns.
Some windowpanes are part of buildings.
Some windowpanes are part of bungalows.
Some windowpanes are part of cafes.
Some windowpanes are part of castles.
Some windowpanes are part of cathedrals.
Some windowpanes are part of churches.
Some windowpanes are part of convents.
Some windowpanes are part of coops.
Some windowpanes are part of cottages.
Some windowpanes are part of cowsheds.
Some windowpanes are part of farmhouses.
Some windowpanes are part of frigates.
Some windowpanes are part of garages.
Some windowpanes are part of greenhouses.
Some windowpanes are part of hospitals.
Some windowpanes are part of hotels.
Some windowpanes are part of houses.
Some windowpanes are part of inns.
Some windowpanes are part of kennels.
Some windowpanes are part of manors.
Some windowpanes are part of monasteries.
Some windowpanes are part of mosques.
Some windowpanes are part of observatories.
Some windowpanes are part of palaces.
Some windowpanes are part of pubs.
Some windowpanes are part of restaurants.
Some windowpanes are part of rinks.
Some windowpanes are part of ships.
Some windowpanes are part of shipwrecks.
Some windowpanes are part of skylights.
Some windowpanes are part of skyscrapers.
Some windowpanes are part of stables.
Some windowpanes are part of steamers.
Some windowpanes are part of submarines.
Some windowpanes are part of tankers.
Some windowpanes are part of temples.
Some windowpanes are part of theaters.
Some windowpanes are part of theatres.
Some windowpanes are part of windows.
All windows versions apear to be affected.
A windowsill is a sill
Windowsill isa device.
Windowsills are part of window frames.
Windowsills are sills.
Windowsills have (part) sections.
Windowsills tend to attract a lot of dirt and grime.
Windowsills work well as coffee holders.
Windowsills often lack adequate humidity and are too warm for best seedling growth.
Some windowsills are part of skylights.
Some windowsills are part of windows.
Some windowsills provide light.
WindowsTEMP folder gets overloaded, all sorts of bizarre events can ensue.
Windpipe isa canal.
Windpipe isa duct.
Windpipes have (part) corpi.
Windpipes have (part) epiglottises.
Windpipes have (part) taste buds.
Some windpipes are part of bodies.
Some windpipes are part of necks.
Some windpipes create problems.
Windproof clothing is helpful on the high peaks.
Windrow length depends on site configuration.
Windrush guests are met at the airport and complimentary transportation to the villa is provided.
Windscreen washers are an essential element in ensuring the safety of the driver.
A windscreen is a screen
Windscreens come with many modern stoves.
Windscreens help reduce moisture loss by slowing air movement around plants.
Windshield washer uses spare tire for air pressure.
A windshield wiper is a mechanical device
Windshield wipers are a perennially neglected maintenance item.
Windshield wipers are automotive products.
Windshield wipers are mechanical devices.
Windshield wipers are part of automobiles.
Windshield wipers are part of autos.
Windshield wipers are part of cars.
Windshield wipers are part of motor vehicles.
Windshield wipers are really fun to watch.
Windshield wipers are usually the most confusing for first-time users.
Windshield wipers click a tempo under wet unlaundered sky.
Windshield wipers come on intermittantly.
Windshield wipers Ensure that windshield wipers function efficiently.
Windshield Wipers Find out how to service windshield wipers.
Windshield wipers slap the snow away.
A windshield is a screen
Windshield has a crack in it.
Windshield is a wrap around design.
Windshield is easy to use and the new version is excellent.
Windshield is in good condition.
Windshield is much the worse for wear after a crash, above.
Windshield is now flatter design than before.
Windshield isa artifact.
Windshields are non-biodegradable.
Windshields are part of airplanes.
Windshields are part of automobiles.
Windshields are part of autos.
Windshields are part of cars.
Windshields are part of motor vehicles.
Windshields are part of motorboats.
Windshields are screens.
Windshields have (part) sections.
Windshields transmit light.
Most windshield are flexible enough to give a little to cushion the blow in a low speed accident.
Most windshields transmit light.
Some windshields are part of aeroplanes.
Some windshields are part of airplanes.
Some windshields are part of ambulances.
Some windshields are part of automobiles.
Some windshields are part of autos.
Some windshields are part of cars.
Some windshields are part of dumpers.
Some windshields are part of go-karts.
Some windshields are part of jets.
Some windshields are part of motorbikes.
Some windshields are part of motorboats.
Some windshields are part of pickups.
Some windshields are part of planes.
Some windshields are part of taxis.
Some windshields are part of trucks.
Some windshields have ice.
A windsock is a visual signal
Windsocks are a Japanese tradition that has caught on elsewhere.
Windsocks are accurate only within a small radius.
Windsocks are also popular with children and can have bright and colorful designs.
Windsocks are attractive and can be used to gauge the direction and speed of wind.
Windsocks are available in high visibility orange, white or alternate orange and white stripes.
Windsocks are designed to fly straight, it is the angle of the dangle which indicates windspeed.
Windsocks are visual signals.
Windsocks dot the property, continual indications of wind speed and direction.
Windsocks work best because of the proper drag they create.
All windsocks have a swivel clip for easy mounting.
Windstorm associates with convection.
Windstorm has (part) storm centers.
Windstorm has (part) storm centres.
Windstorm is a storm
Windstorm is storms.
Windstorm isa storm.
Windstorms are an almost weekly event.
Windstorms are frequent in New Mexico and Nebraska.
Windstorms are frequent in the County and tornadoes have been experienced.
Windstorms can blow the antenna out of proper alignment.
Windstorms can easily stir-up the uppermost sediment layer of the bottom in the pelagic zones.
Windstorms can wreak havoc on poorly pitched tents.
Windstorms cause much avoidable loss of life and property.
Windstorms cause much loss of life and property.
Windstorms cleanse the world of debris, and changes the focus of the path.
Windstorms do occur but there is no recurrent pattern.
Windstorms rise very quickly and can blow unabated for a day or more.
Windstorms smash the yachts of the wealthy as well as the shantys of the poor.
Windstorms sometimes move the dust, resulting in both seasonal and long-term changes.
Windstorms usually occur in late winter to early spring when warm and cold air collide.
Windsurf boards come in standard white.
Windsurf camping is on the north side of the thumb.
Most windsurfing vacations have instructional packages.
Windswept points are good ambush spots for white bass to waylay schools of shad.
Windward areas receive heavy rains, whereas the leeward areas are considerably drier.
Windward slopes are almost always safer than leeward slopes.
Windward slopes tend to either be wind hardened or scoured of new snow by winds.
Windy banks seem to be the best.
Windy City specializes in Chicago-style hot dogs and the like.
Windy weather follows rain.
Windy weather follows spring rain.
Most windy weather follows rain.
Most windy weather follows spring rain.
Some windy weather causes rapid transpiration.
Some windy weather causes transpiration.
Wine accessories make wonderful gifts.
Wine aging is largely due to chemical changes in the tannins.
Wine appreciation expands beyond Boone's and Mad Dog.
Wine aroma comes from volatile compounds released into the air.
Wine auction permits.
A wine bar is a bar
Wine bar features a wide selection of wine by the glass.
Wine bar offers wine tasting, local specialty foods, wine accessories, etc.
Wine bars are bars.
A wine barrel is a barrel
Wine barrels are the often forgotten link between the grapes and the finished wine.
Wine barrels come in only a few shapes and sizes and are made exclusively from oak.
Wine barrels continue to look more like furniture if a mildewcide is applied to the exterior.
A wine bottle is a bottle
Wine bottles are bottles.
Wine bottles are located in cellars.
Wine bottles cover one wall of the restaurant while hand-painted murals cover the opposite wall.
Wine bottles create images that tell a story, and they're also very fragile.
Wine bottles fill the stainless-steel kitchen counter.
Wine bottles have cork.
Wine bottles make great vases.
Some wine bottles hold about liters.
Wine boxes are strong, clean and easy to carry.
A wine cask is a barrel
Wine casks are smooth and refined.
A wine cellar is storage space
Wine cellars are happy to receive visitors.
Wine club features monthly shipments of bargain wines.
Wine colors change with age.
Wine connoisseurs can arrange wine-tasting trips.
A wine cooler is a pail
Wine coolers add that zing with their carbonation.
Wine coolers are also available.
Wine coolers are another option.
Wine cork comes from the bark of the cork oak tree.
Wine corks are small enough to become lodged in a pet's throat or digestive system.
Wine corks are the most visible and most profitable of the many products derived from cork.
Wine corks contain tannin.
Wine country is farm country, so in Europe, accommodations and restaurants are limited.
Wine country is home to hot spas, vintage inns, and luxurious country retreats.
Wine country is nearby, as is plenty of hiking territory.
Wine critics are the worst thing that's happened to winemaking.
Wine cups are a lovely color - it is of the mallow family.
Wine cups are great for the front of the border, or cascading down a wall.
Wine cups are only a few inches tall.
Most wine enthusiasts are familiar with the term terroir.
Wine estates are large enterprises comprising both vineyards and wineries.
Wine futures pass through various channels before reaching an investor.
Wine glass holes optional.
Wine glass is dishs.
Wine glass is located in cupboards.
Wine glass is located in dinner.
Wine glasses are all so different.
Wine glasses are available for hire.
Wine glasses are available in the kitchen.
Wine glasses clink and dinner guests laugh in candelit rooms.
Wine glasses come in many shapes and sizes.
Wine glasses hang over the bar and a fountain bubbles out front.
Most wine glasses are about as masculine as an English china teacup.
Most wine glasses have a stem.
Wine grapes are Mediterranean plants that require warm summers and mild winters.
Wine grapes are naturally superior for winemaking due to their balance of water, sugar, and acids.
Wine grapes are now among the top producers as well.
Wine grapes are usually also sweeter than table grapes.
Wine grapes are very popular for the varieties that like a mild climate.
Wine grapes contain sufficient sugar to produce wine but most other fruits lack enough sugar.
Wine grapes have a number of naturally occurring acids, including tartaric, malic, and citric.
Wine grapes have acid.
Wine grapes serve as hosts for several species of mites.
Wine grapes thrive on low-fertility, hillside land.
Most wine grapes are very small, have thick skins and seeds.
Most wine grapes have acid.
Wine growers abound, with many vineyards still planting roses at the end of each row of vines.
Wine labels are just as important as producing quality wine.
Wine labels vary.
Wine list changes weekly.
Wine list features Spanish vintages.
Wine list focuses on California and French vintages.
Wine list has good selection of tannic-rich reds.
Wine list has good selections.
Wine list includes dry reds, sweet and semi-sweet whites, dry whites, dessert wines and champagnes.
Wine list includes French and Italian wines.
Wine list includes many award winners.
Wine list includes some of Texas' home-grown favorites.
Wine list is a little pricey.
Wine list is excellent.
Wine list is extensive.
Wine list is good and fairly priced.
Wine list is good and in keeping with market prices.
Wine list is good and no one's kidding when they say expensive.
Wine list is good, nice range of prices and styles, and a good selection by the glass.
Wine list is hand selected and second to none.
Wine list is superb.
Wine list is truly impressive.
Wine list is well-tended, and there is even a cognac cart.
Wine lists are located in printing shops.
Wine lists are located in restaurants.
Wine lists are shorter, but value-priced offerings are more prominent than ever.
Wine lists are used for restaurants.
Wine lists can be extensive depending on room.
Wine lists give the passenger a choice of excellent German, French and Australian wines.
A wine lover is a connoisseur
Wine lovers are just about the easiest people of all to shop for.
Wine lovers are optimists.
Wine lovers can easily buy, rent, or assemble a cellar.
Wine lovers can enjoy an extensive choice of fine wines from our cellars.
Wine lovers can explore the region s beautiful vineyards.
Wine lovers can find similar bargains in the Bordeaux region.
Wine lovers can help.
Wine lovers can never have enough stemware or fancy decanters, but make sure they're practical.
Wine lovers can now buy and sell collectible vintages in their jammies.
Wine lovers can opt for French, Australian, Italian or Spanish wines.
Wine lovers looking for high-quality kosher options for Passover can take heart.
Wine lovers love the hunt, especially for that super deal.
Wine lovers speak their own strange language.
Wine lovers tend to become wine collectors.
Wine lovers tend to take their own bottles, but there's a fantastic cigar humidor.
Many wine lovers attend because they have been coming every year for up to fifteen years.
Many wine lovers demand a wine of rich fruit flavors.
Many wine lovers find that their tastes change.
Most wine lovers agree that no one else, anywhere, does it better.
Most wine lovers are aware that grapes become wine once fermentation has turned sugar into alcohol.
Some wine lovers find the excitement of discovery part of the fun of wine.
Many wine magazines feature articles and advertisements on cigars.
A wine maker is a maker
Wine makers are in exactly the same position.
Wine makers do much of their work in plastic tubes and glass carboys.
Wine makers pay careful attention to the cyclical weather trends in their region.
Wine makers pay close attention to the seasons, and to cyclical changes over time.
Most wine makers prefer to use their own yeast strains.
Some wine makers like to use single berries and cover many more than five vines.
A wine merchant is a merchant
Some wine merchants drop a few grains into claret, to flavor it.
Wine people are the most interesting in the world, says Love.
Wine production dates from at least the earliest known history.
Wine production is a significant industry in Australia.
Wine production is also important in Western Germany.
Wine production is also important.
Wine production is also on the increase.
Wine production remains small and the results undistinguished.
Wine production requires wine workers while cheese production requires cheese workers.
Wine racks are located in cellars.
Wine racks are racks.
Wine racks come in many shapes and sizes.
Wine racks cover a niche in one wall.
Wine racks Look no further.
All wine racks are available in many formats and materials.
Wine ratings reflect excellent product selection.
Wine sauce is an example of a culinary sauce that uses wine as a primary ingredient.
Wine shops are usually the first retail outlets to procure wines wholesaled in limited quantity.
Wine shops tend to take care of their wine.
Most wine shops have at least a small selection of South American wines.
Wine spirits make a better product than pure grain alcohol.
Wine stains are difficult.
A wine steward is a waiter
Wine stewards suggest, present and serve wines in formal settings.
Wine stores Click here to enter our site.
Wine stores dominate the city's streets.
Wine stores sell wine, and of course their owners and employees know a lot about the merchandise.
A wine taster is a sampler
Wine tasters have a similar center that helps in judging the color of the wine.
Wine tasting follows.
Wine tasting is a speciality.
Wine tasting is a subjective art.
Wine tasting is a very small part of the wine business.
Wine tasting is a very subjective experience.
Wine tasting is an integral part of the course.
Wine tasting is gathering
Wine tasting is simple, pleasurable, fun, and stimulating to the mind as well as the senses.
Wine tasting is the sensory examination and evaluation of wine.
Wine tasting is, of course, de rigueur.
Wine tastings are at cost and some food samplings are free.
Wine tastings are at no charge, and are available anytime during the day or along with the tour.
Wine tastings are available by appointment only for a sampling of their award-winning wines.
Wine tastings are available in Germany.
Wine tastings are available.
Wine tastings are on during the season.
Wine tastings can be a great excuse to get together with friends for a fun evening.
Wine tastings feature samples from the area's vineyards.
Wine tastings is gathering.
Wine tastings tempt and tantalize.
Every wine tasting is parted by fun and humor but also by qualified information.
Wine vinegar is obtained from souring of grape wine.
Wine vinegar is used for salad dressings and marinades.
Wine vinegar is vinegar
Most wine writers are basically the same.
Wine yeast requires supervision.
Wine accompanies each lunch and dinner.
Wine acts like a sponge, and it absorbs all kinds of odors.
Wine adds flavor.
Wine adds zest to life and can be healthy too.
Wine almost makes itself.
Wine appears to be especially beneficial.
Wine ask before lots cushion unless hid annie wu movies.
Wine becomes a differentiated, branded product.
Wine becomes more vinous as the aroma decreases, and the bouquet increases.
Wine begins to flow when the valve opens, and the bottle is filled from the bottom.
Wine being poured into a cup and a spice box all are part of the farewell ceremony for the Sabbath.
Wine brings people together, and it's also the world's most effective truth serum.
Wine buy lamborgini diablo.
Wine can age in bottles, barrels, vats, or tanks.
Wine can also be a convenient gift.
Wine can be a symbol of many things in the Christian life, one of which is joy.
Wine can be bought very inexpensively or at fabulous prices only the rich can afford.
Wine can bring the best of people sometimes.
Wine can make a mockery of any person.
Wine causes a desire to talk.
Wine comes in a variety of flavors, but there are only three basic types.
Wine comes in different colors.
Wine comes with complete sources, documentation and examples and is freely redistributable.
Wine comes with complete sources, documentation and examples.
Wine contains a substance called resveratrol that helps disarm free radicals.
Wine contains alcohol.
Wine contains ethyl alcohol.
Wine contains more phenolic compounds than just resveratrol.
Wine contains resveratrol which helps supress cancer.
Wine contains substances known as flavonoids, which are proving to have many health benefits.
Wine counsels patience, and that's a quality in short supply in today's throwaway world.
Wine crates, vats, barrels, boxes, glass and ceramic engraving.
Wine depot A small temperature-controlled cellar is one solution.
Wine disappears faster in the mountains than it does on a table.
Wine discards an alias when it sees that the native X font is available.
Wine dispenses into air Selfish thoughts, and selfish care.
Wine does appear to be generating some heat out there.
Wine does indeed have subjective effects, but they are to be received gratefully and lightly.
Wine does it's work and adds the perfect gloss to the atmosphere.
Wine does make food taste better.
Wine draws a different conclusion.
Wine encourages a pleasant exchange of reaction and comparison.
Wine enhances food and conversation, bringing friends and family together around the table.
Wine escape against a cinema therefore guest car stereo review magazines.
Wine escape against a cinema therefore guest diabetes forecast magazines.
Wine escape against a cinema therefore guest food management magazines.
Wine exercises a more visible influence, food does it more slowly but perhaps just as surely.
Wine extends the viability of harvest, so it's a practical solution to harvesting a lot of fruit.
Wine fest in a village.
Wine flows into the housing and through the filter cartridge from the outside to the inside.
Wine flows plentifully and Spanish sangria is the best in the world.
Wine gives courage and makes men apt for passion.
Wine gladdens the spirit.
Wine goes off by a similar process, turning vinegary.
Wine goes out the door by the case, hoisted high above the head, clear of the teeming masses.
Wine goes to vinegar.
Wine goes with anybody, and it's wonderful with dinner.
Wine goes with everything nowadays.
Wine has alcohol.
Wine has elements.
Wine has nutrients.
Wine has purposes.
Wine has spiritual elements.
Wine has substances.
Wine here is priced like beer there, and vice-versa.
Wine inhibits the growth of all micro-organisms that are the cause of disease in man.
Wine inhibits the growth of all microorganisms that cause several kinds of disease in man.
Wine intoxicates one's mind.
Wine introduced in Attica causes amazement and murder.
Wine is a better long-term investment.
Wine is a beverage that is harvested from the earth.
Wine is a beverage, one of the oldest beverages in history.
Wine is a beverage, plain and simple.
Wine is a beverage.
Wine is a bit more complex, and lager beer is one of the most complex of all home brews.
Wine is a common medium, as is vinegar, stock or a cream mixture.
Wine is a complex beverage and it's use in cooking has many implications.
Wine is a deceiver.
Wine is a favorite, particularly in the Wine Country.
Wine is a fermented beverage.
Wine is a food product.
Wine is a good magenta.
Wine is a good, appropriate gift for any occasion - other than a child's birthday party.
Wine is a great, pleasure-giving beverage that can be enjoyed in a great many ways.
Wine is a growth industry.
Wine is a hallmark of civilised life.
Wine is a key component of any celebration.
Wine is a living body.
Wine is a living creature.
Wine is a living liquid containing no preservatives.
Wine is a living thing and is constantly changing.
Wine is a living thing and matures in the bottle.
Wine is a living thing.
Wine is a living, changing thing.
Wine is a matter of personal taste, there is no right or wrong.
Wine is a mocker, and strong drink raging.
Wine is a much more valuable commodity.
Wine is a natural product that is extremely healthy.
Wine is a novel about religion, politics, and the politics of religion.
Wine is a part of a gracious, but casual lifestyle throughout the world.
Wine is a passion and a hobby.
Wine is a popular beverage in Germany .
Wine is a popular beverage in Germany.
Wine is a popular beverage in Italy .
Wine is a popular beverage in Italy.
Wine is a popular drink in many countries .
Wine is a popular drink in many countries.
Wine is a popular drink that has been made in Bosnia for hundreds of years.
Wine is a product that is considered very elitist.
Wine is a product to be tasted, enjoyed and savored.
Wine is a product which holds special meaning to many Jewish people.
Wine is a secret.
Wine is a simple product of the fermentation of mashed grapes.
Wine is a statement of place.
Wine is a subject that most cookbooks overlook.
Wine is a subjective matter.
Wine is a symbol of divine intoxication.
Wine is a symbol of joy and celebration.
Wine is a symbol of joy and is used to conclude the service.
Wine is a symbol of joy.
Wine is a symbol of the New Covenant.
Wine is a synergistic experience.
Wine is a terrific gift to give and to get.
Wine is a turncoat, first a friend, then an enemy.
Wine is a very simple drink to make.
Wine is a wonderful gift to receive.
Wine is a wonderful, universal gift that can be personalised for any occasion.
Wine is a work in progress, but DPGraph runs fairly nicely under recent versions.
Wine is about friends, food, sharing and enjoyment.
Wine is about pretense, ostentation and affection.
Wine is about sharing, and it is fitting that the Internet is about the same.
Wine is acceptable.
Wine is acidic and leached the lead out, and into the bodies of the ruling class.
Wine is aged in small oak casks.
Wine is aged in the barrel with the yeast retained, rather than being clarified before aging.
Wine is alcohol
Wine is alcohol.
Wine is alcohol.
Wine is alcoholic beverages.
Wine is alcoholic drinks.
Wine is alive.
Wine is almost all imported and country of origin is the most vital element.
Wine is also a well-known antioxidant .
Wine is also an ingredient in sauces, stews and even sweets.
Wine is also available at several individual wineries.
Wine is also available by the glass.
Wine is also available for taste testing.
Wine is also available.
Wine is also quite high in calories and can therefore contribute to obesity.
Wine is always a matter of personal taste.
Wine is always available with the evening meal.
Wine is always tough on salads.
Wine is among the more popular online purchases.
Wine is an absorbing hobby.
Wine is an aid to poetic inspiration.
Wine is an alcoholic beverage made from red grapes.
Wine is an ancient beverage which predates by quite a bit every other drink other than water.
Wine is an event of the senses.
Wine is an exception.
Wine is an important feature in Chinese culture.
Wine is an important part of our rituals.
Wine is an integral part of any meal.
Wine is an integral part of Jewish laws and traditions .
Wine is an integral part of our lives, both momentous occasions and everyday rituals.
Wine is an integral part of the meal.
Wine is art.
Wine is Australia's fastest growing rural-based export.
Wine is available at soda fountains.
Wine is available but, again, is imported and expensive.
Wine is available by mail.
Wine is available by the bottle or by the glass.
Wine is available by the glass and in half or whole bottles.
Wine is available by the glass or bottle if permitted by the patient's physician.
Wine is available by the glass or bottle.
Wine is available by the glass.
Wine is available only in liquor stores.
Wine is available thanks to the work of many people.
Wine is available.
Wine is beautiful.
Wine is better, and so are attitudes.
Wine is beverages.
Wine is biblical.
Wine is big business and, increasingly, big global business.
Wine is bitter.
Wine is blushs.
Wine is both a simple food, and the most complex.
Wine is both simpler and more complex than beer.
Wine is both, trend drink and question of style.
Wine is bottled poetry.
Wine is brought from the bottom of the tank, and exposed to the cap of floating skins.
Wine is but a specimen of a class of stimulants.
Wine is by peasants, for peasants.
Wine is by the glass.
Wine is central to the church, to art, to music, to literature.
Wine is cheap here.
Wine is cheap, and even cheap wine is pretty decent.
Wine is cheap.
Wine is cheaper than soda there.
Wine is cheaper there than soft drinks.
Wine is clarified, or cleared, after fermentation.
Wine is commonly drunk with water, the proportions between the two being a matter of personal taste.
Wine is complimentary with dinner.
Wine is complimentary.
Wine is craft, wine is art, wine is food.
Wine is created by fermentation.
Wine is customary with meals.
Wine is dark red.
Wine is delicious.
Wine is drink.
Wine is drinkable and very inexpensive.
Wine is drunk on several occasions in social settings.
Wine is drunk with lunch and dinner, and coffee is served after both meals.
Wine is drunks.
Wine is evaluated and gold, silver and bronze medals are awarded for each category.
Wine is expensive and only available in top restaurants.
Wine is expensive and only available in upscale restaurants.
Wine is expensive in Singapore.
Wine is expensive.
Wine is extra.
Wine is far from perfect, but it's worth tracking.
Wine is far more than a drink.
Wine is far older than recorded history .
Wine is featured more and more in television cooking shows.
Wine is fine, but some notable champagnes also come out of France.
Wine is fine.
Wine is food and food is good.
Wine is food.
Wine is food.
Wine is for all occasions and contributes generally to the well-being of men.
Wine is for anyone who likes the taste of wine.
Wine is for pleasure.
Wine is foremost an agricultural product.
Wine is free software and comes with no warranty.
Wine is free software.
Wine is free to all visitors, with the exception of boiled wine and food available at low prices.
Wine is free while vmware is a commercial product.
Wine is full of symbolism.
Wine is fun.
Wine is good for working but playing is possible as well.
Wine is good, unlike water and so is roast meat unlike onion.
Wine is great for deglazing a pan.
Wine is great.
Wine is grown in the surrounding hills.
Wine is here to stay.
Wine is high in antioxidants.
Wine is increasingly important to Australia because of the value-added factor.
Wine is intelligent.
Wine is just fermented grape juice.
Wine is just plain badness.
Wine is less appealing when too warm or too cold.
Wine is less common, most of the wine in Thailand is imported and is fairly expensive.
Wine is less of a gamble than it usually is in a Chinese eatery.
Wine is life.
Wine is located in bars.
Wine is located in basements.
Wine is located in bottles.
Wine is located in churchs.
Wine is located in liquor stores.
Wine is located in spaghetti sauces.
Wine is located in wineries.
Wine is made after grape juices are fermented by having grape sugars being absorbed.
Wine is made by skilfully fermenting the juice from grapes.
Wine is made by taking a sugary liquid and fermenting it with the help of some friendly yeasts.
Wine is made by the fermentation of the sugar in grapes .
Wine is made by the fermentation of the sugar in grapes.
Wine is made for food, for life.
Wine is made in many countries .
Wine is made in many countries.
Wine is made of fruit.
Wine is made on a very small scale in that area.
Wine is made stable by fining, racking and chilling.
Wine is made stable by fining, racking, chilling, adding sulfur dioxide and aging.
Wine is made through a fermentation process using fruits and other agricultural products.
Wine is made with the fruit.
Wine is made, and tasted.
Wine is make similarly, but here alcohol is formed and it kills many organism.
Wine is meant to be drunk .
Wine is meant to be enjoyed by everyone, with just about any meal.
Wine is meant to go with food.
Wine is mixed in a cup and passed round, each drinking as it passes.
Wine is mixed in a cup and passed round, each one drinking as it passes.
Wine is more a food than distilled spirits are, and deserves to be treated as such.
Wine is more than winemaking, it's a lifestyle.
Wine is most definitely a work in progress.
Wine is much less popular in Mexico than elsewhere.
Wine is much more likely to be the beverage of choice than beer.
Wine is no different.
Wine is no friend of salads.
Wine is no longer able to spawn several processes at once.
Wine is nothing more than fermented grapejuice and, yet, a lot lot more.
Wine is now an important industry in parts of the region.
Wine is old in human history.
Wine is one of Australia s most important regionally based export industries.
Wine is one of the disputable matters, and so are days and foods.
Wine is one of the few financially successful agricultural commodities.
Wine is one of the most contaminated alcoholic beverages today.
Wine is one of the most popular alcoholic beverages in Canada.
Wine is one such group.
Wine is only sweet to happy men.
Wine is open source and aggressively developed, two very good things.
Wine is optional on the Mediterranean diet.
Wine is our passion.
Wine is part of our culture, incorporating all the finer parts of life such as art and music.
Wine is part of the civil ceremony.
Wine is plentiful and Spain is well known for Sangria .
Wine is plentiful, and pours, like the food servings here, are generous.
Wine is poison.
Wine is polite, a symbol of hospitality and suggestive of a celebration.
Wine is popular, prices go up, like cigars.
Wine is pretty much a function of the grapes that make it.
Wine is probably the most ancient and widespread alcoholic drink.
Wine is put through a secondary fermentation in the very bottle it is eventually sold in.
Wine is red.
Wine is removed for bottling from the barrel containing the oldest blend.
Wine is representative of immoral thoughts, rash decisions, and hedonistic pleasures.
Wine is seen as the ideal companion to good food, at both lunch and dinner.
Wine is seen on a family's dining room table.
Wine is sent to consignee's door.
Wine is sent to selected international airport.
Wine is served at dinner and prior to a flight.
Wine is served at dinner and selected to accompany the meal.
Wine is served at dinner one day a week.
Wine is served at lunch and dinner and our bar, stocked with the best name brands is always open.
Wine is served by the bottle or glass.
Wine is served in juice glasses.
Wine is served in straight-sided juice glasses.
Wine is served Italian-style in short water glasses.
Wine is served throughout.
Wine is served with afternoon appetizers and with dinner.
Wine is served with cocktails and at dinner.
Wine is served with dinner and is available for purchase.
Wine is served with dinner plus rum punches in the Bahamas.
Wine is served with dinner.
Wine is served with lunch and dinner.
Wine is served with the evening meal on the camping safaris in Botswana and Namibia.
Wine is served with the evening meal.
Wine is served with the meal.
Wine is served.
Wine is similar to Reisling in character.
Wine is simple, folks.
Wine is smooths.
Wine is so much more complicated than orange juice or wheat or other agribusiness products.
Wine is so popular now that people are willing to listen if the subject is wine.
Wine is software.
Wine is something like that.
Wine is still under development.
Wine is strong, but sleep works it off.
Wine is sunshine, held together by water.
Wine is sweets.
Wine is symbolic for strict judgement, midas hadin.
Wine is symbolic of joy.
Wine is taken care of before the food arrives, and all the dishes arrive precisely together.
Wine is taken with food in moderation.
Wine is taken with most meals, and is always available at social gatherings.
Wine is the center of the menu, in accordance with the trends.
Wine is the destination.
Wine is the fastest growing category of beverages . . . behind soft drinks.
Wine is the focus, but there's a good brandy range plus the usual beers and cocktails.
Wine is the fruit of the vine, the symbol of the earth's bounty.
Wine is the highest-value agricultural crop in America today.
Wine is the last remaining fragmented drinks market.
Wine is the lifeblood of the civilized world.
Wine is the most popular alcoholic beverage with drinkers followed by regular beer.
Wine is the most popular drink.
Wine is the mother of all evil.
Wine is the newsgroup for wine.
Wine is the oldest and best social beverage, meant to be shared in good company.
Wine is the oldest sacrament on Earth.
Wine is the only beverage which enhances the ability to appreciate good food.
Wine is the only other alcoholic beverage served, so leave the martini drinkers at home.
Wine is the pleasantest subject in the world to discuss.
Wine is the product most often brought in and charged corkage fees.
Wine is the second fastest category of beverage behind softdrinks.
Wine is the source of release and joy.
Wine is the symbol of joy, of life.
Wine is the symbol of joy.
Wine is the toast of Washington agriculture .
Wine is the typical beverage consumed with meals.
Wine is the world's most effective appetite-sharpener.
Wine is the worst offender with beer a close second.
Wine is there to be enjoyed on a personal level.
Wine is to be enjoyed.
Wine is too sensitive to the shift of temperature.
Wine is too subjective.
Wine is treated like a first-born son but espresso is a stepchild.
Wine is used for drinking.
Wine is used for drinks.
Wine is used for selling.
Wine is used for storings.
Wine is useful, it produces fruitful results.
Wine is usually aged in wooden containers made of oak or redwood.
Wine is usually drunk at room temperature or chilled.
Wine is very much a part of Australian life, closely associated with both business and leisure.
Wine is very popular in Bulgaria.
Wine is very sensuous.
Wine is white.
Wine is widely available and cheap.
Wine is wine.
Wine is wine.
Wine is wonderful.
Wine is worth cherishing, even.
Wine isa alcohol.
Wine jelly tastes great on crackers, toast or muffins.
Wine keeps well in an aluminium can.
Wine leads to mockery and brawling when foolish men are intoxicated by it.
Wine lets out the truth.
Wine list good and reasonable, ask for the special list.
Wine list very good and reaonably priced.
Wine list very good.
Wine loosens the tongue.
Wine makes from ferment grapes.
Wine makes from grapes.
Wine needs to be kept at a constant temperature, away from the light.
Wine oxidizes quite easily, and wine is susceptible to attack by a variety of microorganisms.
Wine pink Long dress with bandhani dots in multicolour.
Wine plays a major role in the Jewish, Islamic, and Christian cultures.
Wine plays a special role in serving grilled foods.
Wine possesses a sparkle, a perfume, a vigour, that expands and clears the imagination.
Wine pours freely, as does champagne and imported beer.
Wine reads the executable file, and correctly loads the code, data, and resources into memory.
Wine remains a mocker and strong drink remains raging, and both are great deceivers of mankind.
Wine remains for many people an intimidating, foreign drink.
Wine remains the featured attraction at the event.
Wine represents joy and the celebration of freedom.
Wine represents the blood of the earth and is a suitable offering for almost any purpose.
Wine represents the function of speech.
Wine requires a certain amount of humidity to prevent evaporation.
Wine requires aging.
Wine seems to have been a major import as excavated amphora jars suggest.
Wine stands in racks around the room, which is just slightly smaller than the restaurant upstairs.
Wine stimulates the desires of the flesh or stimulates the physical nature.
Wine stored in an oak cask is subject to very slow oxidation which gives wines their maturity.
Wine symbolizes a completed and perfected human life.
Wine tastes better when served properly and matched with well with food.
Wine tastes so good that it turns every meal into party.
Wine tastes too tart when the acid is too high.
Wine tends to use a variety of sugars.
Wine touches all the senses, much like Japanese food.
Wine use Britain behind lots breakfast toward all one.
Wine warms the veins, and sun heats the skin while passion destroys caution.
Wine wears the warm glow of vindication well.
Wines age several years with the wineries depending upon the inventory for future profits.
Wines also imaginative.
Wines also pick up tannins from the barrels in which they are aged.
Wines are also available for retail sale.
Wines are also available in many fine restaurants.
Wines are an eclectic mix of young bottles.
Wines are available at reasonable takeaway prices from the cellar.
Wines are available at the table, both imported and domestic.
Wines are available by the glass.
Wines are available for direct sale.
Wines are available for sale to the public and restaurant trade only in Ontario.
Wines are available for shipment to UK destinations only, and a small delivery charge applies.
Wines are available in gift box collections, by the bottle or by the case.
Wines are available, but few stand up to the strength of Indian seasonings.
Wines are complex stimuli that excite and challenge most of the human senses.
Wines are complimentary for lunch and dinner.
Wines are determined to be sweet, medium or dry based on comparison to other wines.
Wines are different than movies.
Wines are exceptionally original, if a bit expensive.
Wines are expensive.
Wines are extra.
Wines are from areas such as Chile, where good values abound.
Wines are fruitiest when they're young, then lose that fruit as they age.
Wines are given comicstrip personalities, website carries their stories.
Wines are good and are winning awards in Europe.
Wines are grossly over priced.
Wines are harmonious, exquisite, and very long-lived.
Wines are like people with different faces.
Wines are mediocre, the food is uneven, and the prices are high.
Wines are more expensive here than in Tokyo or Europe.
Wines are mostly from Italy and California.
Wines are mostly local with some from Argentina, Chile and Spain.
Wines are nothing special, and they're sold only by the glass or the carafe.
Wines are of varying aging capacities - see individual producers.
Wines are often rather variable in quality but mainly good and fruity.
Wines are organic.
Wines are Portugal's best-known export .
Wines are reasonable - buying a bottle, of course, is cheaper than buying by the glass.
Wines are rich and resilient.
Wines are rich, supple and very aromatic.
Wines are Spanish, of course.
Wines are still incredibly inexpensive.
Wines are subject to availability and prices are subject to change at any time.
Wines are subject to availability.
Wines are usually fermented from grapes, the best wines almost always are.
Wines are very limited.
Wines are very personal for people.
Wines are, of course, paired with many courses.
Wines behave very differently upon aging on yeast lees.
Wines blended from several vintages bear undated labels.
Wines can age well for a decade or more.
Wines can be acidic, fruity, spicy, full bodied etc.
Wines can be drunk young or with a little age .
Wines can be mixed brands or a case of the same.
Wines can be varied.
Wines can go bad for all kinds of reasons, most of which are betrayed by the way they smell.
Wines can often be like people, They both are organic, they live and die, and have personality.
Wines carefully chosen to compliment the cuisine include a fine selection of half bottles.
Wines come from across Europe, Australia, New Zealand, the Pacific Northwest and California.
Wines continue to age in the bottle, with acid and tannin softening over time.
Wines convey a tactile impression, a sense of weight and texture.
Wines differ from beers primarily in that the sugars are in a fermentable stage.
Wines go from the teens to the thousands of pounds.
Wines has a warm spot for the purely silly.
Wines hate being subjected to extremes of heat or cold or to wide temperature variation.
Wines have considerable individual character.
Wines have lives, just like people.
Wines have many aromas that can baffle an untrained taster.
Wines have raspberry or current flavors, often with rich overtones from oak.
Wines have very high extract that buffer the very high acids in the finished wines.
Wines here tend toward the pricey and the big names.
Wines lacking complexity are simple, neutral, or hollow.
Wines listed are suggestions of specific types and styles.
Wines made from frozen grapes are hot.
Wines made from the same grape varieties a continent apart are different.
Wines made from white varieties, they are young and fruity.
Wines mature in either stainless steel tanks or large oak vats.
Wines occasionnally have some sediment at the bottom of the bottle, it is perfectly normal.
Wines pick up odours despite corks and capsules.
Wines produced from such grapes are naturally sweet and unctuous.
Wines produced usually achieve a fairly good quality average.
Wines ranges from table to high quality ones.
Wines regularly produced include pinot noir, chardonnay and sparkling wine.
Wines stored in oak barrels slowly accumulate vanillin and other substances from the wood.
Wines tend to be sold as varietals.
Wines There are few edibles which have the particular status of a truly social food.
Wines vary dramatically in their alcoholic content.
Wines vary from completely dry to sweet.
Wines vary in price and make affordable gifts.
Wines work wonderfully with beef and meats.
Wine always plays an important role.
Wine sometimes is made from the dandelion flowers.
All wine begins the same way once the grapes are picked.
All wine comes from fruit, of course, but some wines taste 'fruitier' than others.
All wine has a pre-beginning, a beginning, a middle and an ending.
All wine is barrel matured in a mix of new and old American oak.
All wine is fermented and bottled on the premises.
All wine is fermented grape juice.
All wine is gift wrapped with a personal touch.
All wine is in a constant state of evolution, sometimes from day to day or year to year.
All wine is made and bottled at the winery from grapes grown in the vineyard.
All wine is made on site from grapes grown on the estate.
All wine serving cabinet at small, extreme shame aim either strange nest above no leg.
All wines are age-worthy .
All wines are age-worthy, particularly the sweeter versions from the best years.
All wines are available by the bottle.
All wines are available by the glass and by the bottle.
All wines are available by the glass.
All wines are available for tasting.
All wines are available in limited quantities.
All wines are barrel aged in oak.
All wines are barrel samples.
All wines are best drunk young with up to five years' age .
All wines are best within two to three years of vintage .
All wines are better with some age .
All wines are capable of at least short aging .
All wines are current releases unless noted.
All wines are estate bottled and handling is kept to a minimum.
All wines are estate grown and botled, as well as vintage dated.
All wines are estate grown and bottled except fruit wines which are made with fruit from Illinois.
All wines are estate grown.
All wines are excellent and there exists a wide choice.
All wines are hand-crafted and bottled on the premises.
All wines are hand-made and purposely on a small scale.
All wines are subject to availability.
All wines are vineyard designated, made with careful attention to vineyard management.
All wines benefit from aging - depending on style and vintage .
All wines benefit from four to six years' aging .
All wines can be drunk young but are better with a little age .
All wines can be drunk young or with a little age .
All wines can be drunk young though reds are best with three to eight years' age .
All wines can improve with a little aging .
All wines can share some common flavor characteristics, such as spicy, buttery, floral or herbal.
All wines contain at least some small amount of sulfites.
All wines drink well soon after their release.
All wines have a beginning, a middle, and an ending.
All wines produced by each winery are in the same folder.
All wines require three to ten years' aging .
All wines show excellent potential for aging .
All wines show great style, with ripe fruit and complex layers of flavour.
All wines taste better with food.
All wines tend to show themselves best when served on the cool side.
All wines undergo malolactic fermentation.
Any wine remaining at the conclusion becomes the property of the competition.
Any wine tastes better by serving it at the right temperature.
Every wine has size, personality, style and, perhaps most importantly, a function.
Every wine is chosen by careful tasting.
Every wine is different and no uniform formula exists for producing wine.
Every wine scores high for value.
Many wines are available by the glass or by the bottle.
Many wines are available by the glass.
Many wines come from small vintners.
Many wines go with salmon.
Many wines owe their flavor to the quality of the grapes or the skill of the winemaker.
Many wines sell out quickly.
More wine is ruined by being too warm than to cold.
Most wine adds flavor.
Most wine has elements.
Most wine has nutrients.
Most wine has purposes.
Most wine has spiritual elements.
Most wine has substances.
Most wine is made from grapes.
Most wine makes from ferment grapes.
Most wine makes from grapes.
Most wines are a complete loss when fermentation restarts after the wine is bottled.
Most wines are available by the glass.
Most wines are best drunk during the first five years.
Most wines are best drunk within three to five years of the vintage .
Most wines are best soon after release.
Most wines are best with three years or more in bottle.
Most wines are best with two or three years' aging , but also with considerably more in most cases.
Most wines are best within three or four years of the vintage .
Most wines are clean and well-made if somewhat anonymous.
Most wines are exclusive to our program.
Most wines are for early consumption.
Most wines are sweet and rather heavy.
Most wines contain excessive amounts of protein and potassium hydrogen tartrate.
Most wines have a vintage date.
Most wines have direct competitors.
Most wines have extensive wine notes attached.
Most wines improve in the bottle, unlike spirits.
Most wines produced in the French region of champagne are brut.
Most wines sell within days of release to devoted mail-order customers.
Most wines show real character with three years' age or more.
Most wines take place-names.
Most wines tend to show themselves best when served on the cool side.
Most wines work well with most dishes, and really disastrous combinations are very rare.
Much wine accompanies the story, to make it palatable.
Some wine contains pigment.
Some wine has complexity.
Some wine has properties.
Some wine has unique properties.
Some wine mixes with blood.
Some wine mixes with juice.
Some wine mixes with spinach juice.
Some wine produces vines.
Some wines are aged in bottles before being sold.
Some wines are available by the glass, however.
Some wines are both kosher for Passover and mevushal.
Some wines are delicate and subtle in character.
Some wines are ready to bottle just from racking and aging.
Some wines can be drunk early and all the wines can be aged.
Some wines can take months to recover from bottling, which is an even greater shock to a wine.
Some wines contain elements in their smell and taste which are reminiscent of plants and vegetables.
Some wines deposit their sediment quickly, but other wines remain cloudy for long periods.
Some wines end up in the wine graveyard for business reasons.
Some wines have too much sugar and acid.
Some wines have very little bouquet but redeem themselves by having great flavor and finish.
Some wines taste better with certain types of food.
Some wines taste great all by themselves.
A wineglass is glass
Wineglasses are delicate.
Wineglasses are glass.
Wineglasses bearing the club emblem are available for club purchase.
Wineglasses stand to the lower right of the water glass.
Many winegrape varieties come in different clones.
A winemaker is a maker
Winemaker needs to crush and press just like fresh fruit.
Winemaker notes on each wine.
Winemaker suggests holding for the long term.
Winemakers adamantly deny that they are trying to boost sales with the labels.
Winemakers are a contrary lot.
Winemakers are also aware of the pitfalls.
Winemakers are more careful before bottling a wine with a detracting odor of reduced sulfur.
Winemakers can get an honest opinion about the pulse of their buyers opinions.
Winemakers clarify wine by fining, racking and filtration.
Winemakers come and go, often leaving their mark on each successive vintage.
Winemakers cover the cork on a bottle of wine with foil because it helps keep out mold.
Winemakers demand top quality, competitive pricing, and superb service.
Winemakers face another serious problem when empty barrels are stored for long times.
Winemakers have an active role throughout the lengthy bulk aging process.
Winemakers have to be cultivated, just like vineyards.
Winemakers increasingly let wines develop gently rather than by manipulation.
Winemakers invest two years of their lives in the production of a bottle of wine.
Winemakers love chardonnay for a variety of reasons.
Winemakers love the concentration of complexities, bank managers cry over the production levels.
Winemakers occasionally stop in to pour and chat.
Winemakers prefer fruit picked early in the morning when the grapes are cold.
Winemakers produce both red and white varieties.
Winemakers save money using less pesticide.
Winemakers see the old style as more balanced and also better with food.
Winemakers seem to be less sensitive to tannin than wine drinkers.
Winemakers talk about wine being made in the vineyard, the importance of appellation and terrior.
Winemakers therefore have to be even more diligent than usual in their selection of grapes.
Winemakers use sur lie techniques to impart extra flavor from the lees to the end wine.
Winemakers visit frequently, and dinners at local restaurants are common.
Winemakers always strive for complexity in fine wines.
Winemakers often concur by creating half bottles for just that purpose.
Winemakers sometimes use oak barrels as an ingredient to achieve their desired wine.
Any winemaker can make a good wine then.
Any winemaker can make a great wine in a great year.
Many winemakers encourage the malolactic fermentation to occur during the primary fermentation.
Most winemakers add sulfites to the wine to help stabilize it as it ages.
Most winemakers depend on a combination of the first three to make their reds.
Most winemakers dream of someday making their own wines.
Most winemakers prefer to add pure cultured yeast to start fermentation.
Some winemakers prefer to fill and cork one bottle at a time.
Some winemakers see it as the most underrated grape variety in New Zealand.
Winery celebration includes select hors d'oeuvres and wine glass.
Winery employees can too.
Winery equipment is negotiable.
Winery people are a friendly lot who visit with each other.
Winery tours are a popular activity for groups as well as families.
Winery tours are another of the area's main attractions.
Winery tours are available year round.
Winery tours are available.
Winery tours are by appointment only but dinner is served nightly.
Winery tours are by appointment.
Winery tours are free of charge and are offered several times a day.
Winery tours collect guests daily.
Winery tours visit several scenic wineries and take three hours.
Winery visits are by appointment only.
Winery visitors keep the courts fully occupied all day on weekends.
A winery is a still
Wineries add to the galaxy of possibilities here.
Wineries also have to spend time and money traveling to be part of major trade shows.
Wineries also offer tours and tastings.
Wineries are a fast-growing part of Missouri's agricultural economy.
Wineries are a good outlet for entertainment and tourism.
Wineries are also within close proximity.
Wineries are establishments.
Wineries are factories.
Wineries are in business to sell wines - that is what keeps the tasting rooms going.
Wineries are in NY and they can' ship out of state.
Wineries are open for public tastings throughout the year.
Wineries are open for tastings and cellar-door sales , and some also serve food.
Wineries are open weekends for tours, tastings and sales.
Wineries are open year round and are always available for tours and tastings.
Wineries are places.
Wineries are plants.
Wineries are strongly opposed to any efforts to curb online alcohol sales.
Wineries are the best place to learn about winemaking and wine tasting.
Wineries can distill the alcohol content out of lees, but waste still needs to be handled.
Wineries can provide updated information at any time to keep their data current.
Wineries convicted of a felony can lose their federal permit to make wine.
Wineries encourage moderate consumption as the appropriate way to enjoy their beverages.
Wineries Enjoy a day in our scenic wineries.
Wineries hang their hoses with both ends down so any water can drain completely.
Wineries have brand names because they want to build name recognition.
Wineries have two choices when naming such wines.
Wineries Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Wineries hold dinners, barrel and library tastings, midnight cellar tours and barbecues.
Wineries invite visitors to tastings and tours.
Wineries normally sell grape juice.
Wineries offer excellent opportunities in their labs for science majors seeking transferable skills.
Wineries Select a category above, or choose from the drop-down menu.
Wineries sell to wholesalers who sell to retailers.
Wineries surround the town.
Wineries use a lot of power keeping their barrel rooms cool.
Wineries use both.
Wineries welcome visitors, but phoning in advance is advisable outside the summer season.
Wineries often offer special wine weekend tastings, though there are few libraries of older wines.
Wineries often use proprietary alkaline cleaners based on sal soda and tri-sodium phosphate.
All wineries allow for tasting and have cellar doors sales.
All wineries produce new wines regularly and retire other wines they have previously made.
Every winery has at least one wine thief lurking about.
Many wineries also have festivals, music performances and picnics during the summer.
Many wineries also sell food on a casual basis, which makes for a very pleasant relaxed time.
Many wineries are small family operations, and welcome visitors.
Many wineries here are boutiques - their small size and close proximity offering convenient touring.
Many wineries offer delightful picnic areas with pastoral vineyard views.
Many wineries offer dining too.
Many wineries offer free coffee to designated drivers.
Many wineries offer free tours and wine tastings.
Many wineries offer places to picnic, whether it's a covered area or a nice, green lawn.
Many wineries offer their visitors wine club memberships.
Many wineries offer toll-free numbers for U.S. customers.
Many wineries offer tours and free wine tasting.
Many wineries offer tours and tasting.
Many wineries produce fruit wines from apples, peaches and even blueberries.
Many wineries start with a couple hundred names.
Many wineries use more.
Most wineries also hold fairs and festivals throughout the year.
Most wineries are family-owned and operated.
Most wineries are open on weekend afternoons.
Most wineries are open seven days a week, with tastings and sales.
Most wineries are open to the pubic for tours and complimentary tasting.
Most wineries are open to the pubic for tours and complimentary tastings.
Most wineries are open year-round.
Most wineries are within an easy drive of the bed and breakfast.
Most wineries are wonderful.
Most wineries give tours and offer complimentary tastings.
Most wineries grow some or all of their own grapes.
Most wineries have a small restaurant which serves homestyle meals along with their own wines.
Most wineries have their own cellars, built in a traditional way.
Most wineries have their wines available for tasting, and many offer full dining facilities.
Most wineries offer picnic spots so visitors can bring food.
Most wineries offer picnic spots, and people can bring their own food.
Most wineries offer special events throughout the year, although some close for the winter months.
Most wineries press into a tank and settle out the solids before going into their barrels.
Most wineries switch to limited hours by early fall.
Most wineries use a combination of both.
Most wineries welcome everyone.
Some wineries also bottle natural olive oil of high quality.
Some wineries are difficult to reach, signage is poor and visits are by appointment only.
Some wineries are downright rustic.
Some wineries are in the Eastern time zone, some in Central.
Some wineries are in the Eastern Time zone, some in the Central.
Some wineries blend a major varietal with similar varietals for better flavor balance.
Some wineries charge only a few dollars for a wine-tasting session.
Some wineries create special winemaker or wine theme dinners, others bring in visiting chefs.
Some wineries make outstanding wines, but only one kind.
Some wineries only make one or two wines and so can never do well here.
Some wineries produce a combination of vegetarian and nonvegetarian wines.
Some wineries simply break the laws out of ignorance.
Wing ants invade homes.
Wing aphids have heads.
Wing bar are the same color as neck.
Wing bars are absent.
Wing bars are intense red or yellow and distinct.
Wing bars are intermediate between the two parental species.
Wing bars are present and a black mask runs through the eyes.
Wing bars are present, but diffuse.
Wing bars are present, but inconspicuous.
Wing bars are present, but tend to be fused into a single white patch.
Wing bars are present, yellow, and fused into a single yelllow patch.
Wing bars are present.
Wing birds have nest sites.
Wing birds have sites.
Wing blackbirds eat seeds.
Wing blackbirds have white wings.
Wing blackbirds have wings.
Wing butterflies have wings.
Wing clipping is a technique to be perfected.
Wing clipping is an individual decision and a much debated topic.
Wing clipping is safe when performed properly.
A wing commander is a commander
Wing Commanders nominate candidates.
Wing coverts show much gray.
Wing dams are prime summer structures on larger rivers.
Wing Ding is a different story.
Wing feathers are now nine months old and continue to fade and wear.
Wing feathers are now ten months old and continue to fade and wear.
Wing feathers are so light and buoyant that they float.
Wing feathers continue to fade and wear.
Wing feathers have fringes.
Wing feathers protrude at various angles.
Most wing feathers have fringes.
Some wing feathers have surfaces.
Wing gulls have bills.
Wing gulls have gray wings.
Wing gulls have wings.
Wing halves come preassembled, with foam cores and balsa sheeting.
Wing insects belong to families.
Wing insects destroy plants.
Wing insects have wings.
Most wing insects belong to families.
Most wing insects destroy plants.
Most wing insects have wings.
Wing juncos defend territory.
Wing katydids eat leaves.
Wing keels are good at catching kelp, or anything else floating in the water.
Wing loading influences how a canopy flies.
Wing loading is a cute number for assigning canopies sizes to various size jumpers.
Wing loading is another important way of assessing how and how well a bird flies.
Wing loading is everything.
Wing loading is light for the most part.
Wing loading is loading
Wing loading is the average force per area that is exerted on the parachute surface.
Wing loading is the ratio of wing area to weight.
Wing loading is the weight of the kite divided by the area.
Wing loadings is loadings.
Wing mirrors can also be useful when reversing.
A wing nut is a nut tree
Wing nuts allow security, and the few bolts on the pitch add some sanity.
Wing patterns use for identification.
Wing reptiles live during time.
Wing scales are powdery structures that slip easily off the wings.
Wing scales form the color and pattern on wings.
Wing soybean aphids have heads.
Wing span is about one inch.
Wing sweep adds structural weight.
Wing sweep produces a less intuitive change in the lift distribution of a wing.
Wing tanks are available as an option.
Wing termites emerge from structures.
A wing tip is protection
Wing tips are part of wing tips.
Wing tips are reddish-brown, rest of wings are light gray or yellow.
Wing tips are shoes.
Wing tips look stupid with khakis.
Wing veins are useful for species identification - kinda like finger prints.
Wing veins are yellowish brown with a black stigma.
Every wing vein is recorded with astonishing fidelity.
Wing Walkers are proud to represent our detachment with every performance.
A wing is an organ
Wing also faces substantial civil liability for unpaid taxes, penalties and interest.
Wing also features a circular buoyancy tube for ultimate stability in the water.
Wing bars a rich golden cream.
Wing choose War since justice at no ski doo sled before rest about a four.
Wing ditches into a flat spreader that distributes water on the undisturbed forest floor.
Wing ditches into a well designed earthen dam.
Wing Drumming Wing drumming is wonderful exercise for birds.
Wing eating contests and drink specials occur regularly.
Wing feathering, to start with, leaves much to be desired.
Wing flaps up and oil shutters open.
Wing flaps up.
Wing flips up to show polka dots underneath.
Wing Fold - See what s in the box and view a completed model.
Wing forward has a nice touch.
Wing has a long history of community involvement, especially in the arena of human relations.
WING has a very good address book with many features.
Wing has ailerons and flaps.
Wing has aluminum ribs with dope and fabric cover.
Wing has one main beam, with a rear spar to carry flap and aileron loads.
Wing is a fickle person.
Wing is a side pocket.
Wing is added.
Wing is adjustable up or down.
Wing is also quite busy with various charitable activities, specifically for underprivileged people.
Wing is close to perfection on every event.
Wing is complete except for spoiler pans.
Wing is hand-laid fiberglass.
Wing is made of a durable space-age plastic.
Wing is married strands of turkey top, green swan or goose below.
Wing is of a laminar flow design.
WING is offered to all mature individuals who are preparing for new goals and directions.
Wing is on microfilm and filed by reel number.
Wing is Reason toward shed beneath the scandal in bohemia or shoot beyond none axe.
WING is scalable up to thousands and tens of thousands of users.
Wing is two-piece for easy transport.
Wing is wrong.
Wing isa organ.
Wing leading and trailing edges come preshaped and notched for trouble-free assembly.
Wing leading edges come preshaped for faster assembly.
Wing lives up there.
Wing looks for fossils in dark stripes, because fossil plant material makes rock dark.
Wing now appeals the superior court's decision affirming the arbitration award.
Wing receives praise for mobility book Release No.
Wing require past none racquetball and racket.
Wing say Wife below any death to a restaurant.
Wing Shing offers plastic boxes of a wide range of styles for customers to choose.
Wing squares up to the basket.
Wing veins evident.
Wings actively sponsor and support air cadets and other community activities.
Wings adjust at the base to change the dimension and strobe effect at wing tip.
Wings allow aphids to disperse to other plants when the quality of the food source deteriorates.
Wings allow steerable gliding, thus horizontal propulsion.
Wings also have one other critical aspect worthy of consideration.
Wings also help produce another force, called thrust, that pushes the bird forward through the air.
Wings also produces other publications and products.
Wings also provides customers with a complete database schema to assist in creation of reports.
Wings ample, the first quill short, the fourth longest.
Wings appear fragile and are marked with pale yellow centers and yellowish-brown margins.
Wings appear somewhat triangular, and comparatively short, in flight.
Wings are a mark of courage, daring and skill.
Wings are a membranous outgrowth of the body wall and contain no muscles.
Wings are a physical adaptation of bats.
Wings are a reddish color.
Wings are a relatively cheap cut of turkey which reflects the fat and bone content of the pieces.
Wings are a very special adaptation of bats.
Wings are about the same size on each.
Wings are absent in some groups.
Wings are absent, and the general body and leg structure is highly modified for burrowing.
Wings are absent, and the legs are long and adapted for clinging.
Wings are absent.
Wings are adjustable for different glide patterns.
Wings are air units.
Wings are airfoils.
Wings are also among the most economical chicken parts.
Wings are also green, with red, maroon and blue feathers throughout.
Wings are also pale grey, with small white patches.
Wings are beautifully detailed.
Wings are black above and below.
Wings are black or blackish brown.
Wings are black with conspicuous white postmedian lines, which are wider in females.
Wings are black with large white patches visible in flight.
Wings are black with large white patches.
Wings are black with orange shoulder patches and strongly white-edged feathers that appear as bars.
Wings are black with orange shoulders, and white wing bar.
Wings are black with thin white trailing edge, visible when folded, and dark underwings.
Wings are black with two pairs of scalloped red spots and the tips on the antennae are orange.
Wings are black with two white wing bars.
Wings are black with white spots.
Wings are black.
Wings are blue-black in color with a touch of yellow on the top.
Wings are blue-gray with dark primaries.
Wings are bluish with metallic lusture on the upper surface.
Wings are bright yellow-orange.
Wings are broad and rounded, with deeply notched primaries.
Wings are broad and the head is held tucked in giving a flying bird a stubby appearance.
Wings are brown and lack eyespots.
Wings are brown.
Wings are brownish orange.
Wings are ca.
Wings are chestnut brown.
Wings are clear and have characteristic black bands.
Wings are clear and held tentlike over the body.
Wings are clear but smokey at the tip.
Wings are clear or yellowish amber near the body.
Wings are clear to semitranslucent, somewhat patterned with darker areas.
Wings are clear with dark markings and they are held roof-like over the back of the body.
Wings are colourless, except smoky tint and black veins previously mentioned.
Wings are critically important to the basic concepts and performance of current Championship Cars.
Wings are dark brown or blackish with few light areas.
Wings are dark brown to black, relatively short and rounded.
Wings are dark brown to red-brown.
Wings are dark brown with a dusting of white scales.
Wings are dark brown.
Wings are dark brown-black.
Wings are dark gray with two rust-brown bars.
Wings are dark gray with two white bars.
Wings are dark with bold white stripes visible in flight.
Wings are dark with conspicuous pale patches visible in flight.
Wings are dark with thin,white bars.
Wings are dark with two faint bars.
Wings are dark with two pale bars.
Wings are delta-shaped.
Wings are detached, and wheels have been removed from all three undercarriage legs.
Wings are dull brown.
Wings are dull green with blue-black flight feathers.
Wings are far more than feathered arms.
Wings are fawn-colored with a narrow black band running across the middle.
Wings are for display only - such as courtship and aggression.
Wings are for flying.
Wings are for the birds.
Wings are frequently a reddish to yellowish color or brown.
Wings are gray to blackish brown with light brown margins, median lines, and forewing costa.
Wings are gray with silver sheen and black dots.
Wings are gray with white-spotted, dark gray tips.
Wings are gray-brown with black spots and dark primaries.
Wings are green with pale greyish panel and bright buttercup yellow primary shafts and shoulder.
Wings are held horizontally to the body in dragonflies and vertically in damselflies when at rest.
Wings are held open and dropped, and the tail is fanned and raised.
Wings are helpings.
Wings are high.
Wings are insignias.
Wings are iridescent clear glass unless otherwise requested.
Wings are large, with prominent anterior veins.
Wings are lighter with dark blue edging on each feather.
Wings are limbs.
Wings are located in airplanes.
Wings are located in airports.
Wings are located in birds.
Wings are located in buffalo.
Wings are located in heaven.
Wings are located in hospitals.
Wings are located in large buildings.
Wings are located in mansions.
Wings are located in planes.
Wings are long and broad with long primaries.
Wings are long and pointed.
Wings are long and translucent.
Wings are long in proportion to the body size and wing beats are typically slow and deep.
Wings are long, narrow, and fringed with long hairs.
Wings are long, slim, and straight.
Wings are longer.
Wings are magazines.
Wings are mandatory.
Wings are means.
Wings are mechanical devices.
Wings are medium brown.
Wings are modified front legs.
Wings are mostly black with pale yellow markings.
Wings are mostly hollow inside, with large compartments for fuel.
Wings are narrow and transparent.
Wings are narrow at base.
Wings are narrow, straight and inconspicuous.
Wings are nearly clear with a span of about an inch.
Wings are obliquely obovate auriculate, keel rounded-oblique, obtuse.
Wings are of fabric covered wooden construction.
Wings are often too thin to provide useful volume for packaging large components.
Wings are often vestigial or absent.
Wings are olive brown to brown with wide pinkish median bands.
Wings are olive-brown with two white or pale bars.
Wings are on springs and tremble.
Wings are optional.
Wings are orange at the base, fading to cream-colored at the tips.
Wings are organs.
Wings are pale green, each with a transparent eyespot.
Wings are pale orange both above and below.
Wings are part of airplanes.
Wings are part of angels.
Wings are part of bats.
Wings are part of birds.
Wings are part of division.
Wings are part of insects.
Wings are part of south parks.
Wings are part of the endoskeleton of an insect.
Wings are polystyrene foam cores skinned in obechi.
Wings are polystyrene foam cores skinned with obechi.
Wings are polystyrene foam skinned with obechi.
Wings are positions.
Wings are prominent, straight to slightly waved.
Wings are purplish blue.
Wings are reddish brown with an olive tinge.
Wings are reddish brown with wing bars of white and black.
Wings are reddish-brown and held out from the body during rest.
Wings are reduced or absent in some members of all the larger families.
Wings are relatively long.
Wings are short and bluntly rounded.
Wings are short and round, with white crescent on primaries.
Wings are short in a female and absent in the males.
Wings are short, rounded and curved.
Wings are simply the side petals, which sometimes spread away from the blossom like wings.
Wings are slight to moderate and leaves are dark green and lightly pubescent.
Wings are social groups.
Wings are somewhat translucent.
Wings are sooty black with a touch of scarlet at the shoulders.
Wings are stages.
Wings are streamlined similar to an airplane's wings to move easily through the air.
Wings are supported by reinforcing structures called veins.
Wings are supposed to have evolved in at least four different groups as analogous structures.
Wings are the last to be laced.
Wings are the lift- producing part of the aircraft.
Wings are the very books in which the identities of many insect groups are written.
Wings are thick and leathery at the base and membranous at the tip.
Wings are thick at the base and membranous at the free end.
Wings are translucent, veins are usually white.
Wings are translucent, whitish, with no yellowish tint underneath.
Wings are transparent green and are folded back when at rest.
Wings are transparent with dark brown to light brownish orange borders.
Wings are transparent with reddish brown borders.
Wings are uniquely double-dihedral.
Wings are unswept with rounded tips.
Wings are unswept.
Wings are used for aircrafts.
Wings are used for airplanes.
Wings are used for birds.
Wings are used for bugs.
Wings are used for eating.
Wings are used for flappings.
Wings are used for flies.
Wings are used for flight.
Wings are used for flying.
Wings are used for glides.
Wings are used for planes.
Wings are used for raises.
Wings are used for soaring.
Wings are usually clear except for a spot at the end of the wing called a stigma.
Wings are usually rather drab, tending toward browns and grays.
Wings are vestigial or missing, and it resembles a grasshopper nymph.
Wings are video games.
Wings are where most builder get it wrong.
Wings are white below, marked with brown.
Wings are white with black markings including a black crescent-shaped cell spot on each wing.
Wings are wood with metallic gold paint.
Wings are yellow and brown and exhibit a zigzag pattern.
Wings are yellow at base and blackish at front border and outer half.
Wings are yellow with conspicuous black markings including an eye-spot and an erratic outer band.
Wings are yellowish orange to brownish orange.
Wings are yellow-orange.
Wings bend back at the wrist, have a dark M pattern across upperwings and lower back.
Wings blending into body feathers or being held away from body are undesirable.
Wings build straight and true with the aid of supplied fixture tabs and gauges.
Wings can be custom made from many different flag fabrics in our fabric section .
Wings can meet in flight under the body, during courting displays.
Wings can record with every voucher a link to any other voucher.
Wings cantilever under stainless steel, zinc and copper roofing.
Wings cause aerodynamic lift.
Wings Checkout all the planes that are for sale.
Wings connote loftiness, a vantage point for visual observation.
Wings cover the entire abdomen of females and all except the abdominal tip in males.
Wings create musical sound.
Wings create sound.
Wings dedicates one section of the store just for airbrush work.
Wings develop internally as imaginal buds before being everted in the pupa.
Wings develop outside of the body after a few molts.
Wings disintegrate to spice, their runnels pattering through blonddrenched latticework.
Wings encourages personal healing through information and education about grief.
Wings envelop seductive women.
Wings explains how the Pilot Proficiency Award Program works.
Wings explains the Pilot Proficiency Award Program.
Wings extend back from raised center, with open space between for soil flow.
Wings extend beyond abdomens.
Wings extend beyond tail.
Wings extend beyond the body.
Wings extend beyond the the tip of the body.
Wings extend farther down the tail.
Wings extend for balance, losing a feather on the way.
Wings feather out first, at a very fast rate.
Wings features a complete bath and a fully-equipped kitchen.
Wings features a high level of customization.
Wings flap down with wire, flap up naturally by pressure difference between the sides of wing.
Wings fly in the cabin.
Wings fly south Central Florida is bracing for an invasion of some feathered friends from the north.
Wings fold back for launch and snap forward for gliding.
Wings fold back for launch and then snap forward for gliding flight.
Wings fold up and cylinder locks into closed position for positive transport.
Wings grow big as their load increases.
Wings has contacts in all the cities listed below.
Wings has impressive credentials.
Wings has the experience.
Wings has the first freebag to address the whole issue of zero-p reserve canopies.
Wings has the knowledge.
Wings has the resources in place to assist with all aspects of aircraft sales and aquisitions.
Wings have (part) corpi.
Wings have (part) flight feathers.
Wings have (part) lobes.
Wings have (part) quill feathers.
Wings have (part) sections.
Wings have a positive slant.
Wings have a white bar and white feather edging.
Wings have balsa ribs and spruce spars.
Wings have balsa spars and ribs.
Wings have black bands and the body has several narrow yellow bands.
Wings have black bands, easily recognizable by four irregular or zig-zag black bands on the wings.
Wings have black feathers.
Wings have black flight feathers.
Wings have bone structures.
Wings have conspicuous white patches.
Wings have distinctive yellow and black stripes.
Wings have edges.
Wings have feathers.
Wings have flaps that are coupled to the elevator.
Wings have flaps.
Wings have flight feathers.
Wings have foam cores covered in obechi.
Wings have functions.
Wings have grey feathers.
Wings have lead edges.
Wings have long tails.
Wings have narrow white edge.
Wings have polystyrene foam cores skinned with obechi.
Wings have power.
Wings have primary feathers.
Wings have rows of white spots.
Wings have rufous patches.
Wings have secondary feathers.
Wings have shapes.
Wings have similar bone structures.
Wings have similar structures.
Wings have structures.
Wings have tiny little edges.
Wings have triangular shapes.
Wings have two white bars.
Wings have veins.
Wings have white stripes visible in flight.
Wings help birds fly and keep their balance.
Wings help out on defensive maneuvers, even while their team has the ball.
Wings initiates healing by sharing.
Wings is a great place to have lunch.
Wings is a newsletter about women's human rights violations.
Wings is a non-profit dedicated to developing the emotional intelligence of kids.
Wings is a non-profit.
Wings is an ace.
Wings is by far the most successful of the three.
Wings is derived from a composit of three photos.
Wings is it.
Wings is severely underrated, perhaps because it is considered too cerebral or sluggish.
Wings is simple-looking, but it needs skill and practice to master.
Wings is the most amazing program.
Wings lay flat on the back but are bent down abruptly on the sides.
Wings lay flat on the back.
Wings longish, the third primary longest.
Wings longish, third and fourth quills longest.
Wings look like chicken wings.
Wings look like tiny wings.
Wings look like wings.
Wings makes inflatable rafts.
Wings move air downward, and react by being pushed upward.
Wings move with up and down motion of hand.
Wings nearly parallel to each other.
Wings nearly parallel.
Wings never develop before late adolescence.
Wings now features daily and weekly lunch and dinner specials.
Wings obtains a group visa.
Wings offers several reports in two panes.
Wings opens in New York City.
Wings operate, comes with plastic launch gantry.
Wings operate, rolling wheels.
Wings perform functions.
Wings perform same functions.
Wings produce chirp sound.
Wings produce lift.
Wings produce sound.
Wings produce whir sound.
Wings produce whistle sound.
Wings project back and look like pointed tails.
Wings provide stability during running.
Wings provide the majority of the lift for an airplane, but wings also cause drag.
Wings provide the majority of the lift for the airplane, but they also cause drag.
Wings push the soil from the sweep or disk to the row area.
Wings range from dark orange-brown to pale cream.
Wings refers to improvements in curriculum and instruction designed to let children soar.
Wings remain small and unexpanded.
Wings remain stationary.
Wings ruffle the chill air.
Wings save face.
Wings See lateral wings, alae.
Wings seem to be struggling a bit.
Wings serve functions.
Wings shake out, pinions rattling in metallic alarm.
Wings show a buff wing bar, conspicuous in flight.
Wings show dark primaries, and wing coverts and scapulars are boldly spotted with black.
Wings show two well defined bars running in a curved V-shape across the wing coverts.
Wings snap around panties to hold it secure and protect panties.
Wings spread out and quiver in excitement of the birth of a new day.
Wings spread wide.
Wings still damp and fragile, brand new and beautiful in the morning sun.
Wing's still there.
Wings suspend from two six-foot lengths of cable.
Wings symbolize flying, lightness and expansion.
Wings symbolize swiftness and protection .
Wings use for flight.
Wings vary from light to dark brown.
Wings whisper in the frozen air.
All wings are transparent with dark brown margins.
All wings come in primered condition and include fitting instructions with alignment tools.
Every wing comes with easy to follow detailed mounting instructions.
Most wings create musical sound.
Most wings create sound.
Most wings extend beyond abdomens.
Most wings have black feathers.
Most wings have black flight feathers.
Most wings have bone structures.
Most wings have edges.
Most wings have feathers.
Most wings have flight feathers.
Most wings have functions.
Most wings have grey feathers.
Most wings have lead edges.
Most wings have power.
Most wings have primary feathers.
Most wings have secondary feathers.
Most wings have shapes.
Most wings have similar bone structures.
Most wings have similar structures.
Most wings have structures.
Most wings have tiny little edges.
Most wings have triangular shapes.
Most wings have veins.
Most wings look like chicken wings.
Most wings look like tiny wings.
Most wings look like wings.
Most wings perform functions.
Most wings perform same functions.
Most wings produce chirp sound.
Most wings produce sound.
Most wings produce whir sound.
Most wings produce whistle sound.
Most wings serve functions.
Most wings use for flight.
Some wing shooting school throughout better, bonus time runs an eldest button below a hatred.
Some wings appear in books.
Some wings are behind wings.
Some wings are part of angels.
Some wings are part of bats.
Some wings are part of pipistrelles.
Some wings are part of serotines.
Some wings are small.
Some wings are solid bright colors, like blue, yellow, orange or red.
Some wings consist of membranes.
Some wings cover abdomens.
Some wings extend beyond tails.
Some wings extend beyond tips.
Some wings facilitate dispersals.
Some wings have bands.
Some wings have bars.
Some wings have bases.
Some wings have bright yellow bars.
Some wings have crescents.
Some wings have dark spots.
Some wings have hollow tubes.
Some wings have ice.
Some wings have narrow bands.
Some wings have panels on the back called flaps .
Some wings have panels on the back called flaps.
Some wings have patches.
Some wings have spots.
Some wings have stingers.
Some wings have success.
Some wings have tubes.
Some wings have white crescents.
Some wings have white spots.
Some wings have white wing bars.
Some wings help bats.
Some wings help owls.
Some wings look like fans.
Some wings make distinctive noise.
Some wings make noise.
Some wings make whistle noise.
Some wings move insects.
Some wings reflect light.
Winged adults appear five to six weeks after hatch.
Winged adults are black and also possess long cornicles and antennae.
Winged adults are much more mobile than the nymphal stages.
Winged adults are often called swarmers, they are primary reproductives.
Winged adults are similar in color, but slightly darker, primarily a result of their wings.
Winged adults arrive unexpectedly.
Winged adults caught on the card indicate the presence of thrips.
Winged adults emerge a few months later.
Winged adults emerge and continue to feed, but no longer form spittle.
Winged adults emerge to complete the cycle.
Winged adults fly to a twig on the same tree or to nearby spruce trees to deposit eggs.
Winged adults fly to nearby leaves or trees where they mate, feed, and commence egg laying.
Winged adults have dark tipped antennae and two double-pronged humps on the back.
Winged adults mingle with wingless forms on the same plant.
Winged ants are frequently confused with swarming termites.
Winged ants cloud the fronds.
Winged ants collect in windows and doors in the spring or summer months.
Winged ants have a narrow waist, front wings that are larger than the rear, and elbowed antennae.
Winged ants have four wings but the top wings are longer than the wings underneath.
Winged ants have two pairs of wings, the anterior pair being much larger than the second pair.
Winged aphids fly to plant beds or fields, where they produce a wingless form of the insect.
Winged aphids leave small grains in search of a suitable host.
Winged aphids migrate in swarms when the infestation is severe.
Winged aphids move to the top of the plant late in the spring.
Winged aphids start the ball rolling.
A winged bean is a vine
Winged beans contain erucic acid, which is extracted to formulate an antitumor medication.
Winged beans contain tocopherol rich oil which improves utilisation of vitamin A in humans.
A winged elm is an elm
Winged elm grows rapidly in the open.
Winged females appear when overcrowding occurs or food supplies become low.
Winged females are about the same color but are slightly smaller.
Winged females are mostly light brown.
Winged females develop during some of the generations.
Winged females find mates and establish new colonies.
Winged females fly to the same tree and there give birth to wingless daughters.
Winged flight enables a bird to forage and then escape to cover.
Winged forms are larger than worker ants.
Winged forms can disperse to new trees.
Winged forms develop in the spring, summer or fall and emerge from the soil to lay eggs on stems.
Winged forms develop under crowded and droughty conditions or upon maturity of the host plant.
Winged forms have a black head and thorax and hold their wings roof-like over the back of the body.
Winged forms have a dark brown thorax with a green abdomen.
Winged forms have less reproductive and damage potential.
Winged forms have two membranous pairs of wings, with the front pair larger than the hind pair.
Winged forms migrate to crop hosts in the spring.
Winged forms migrate to other host plants in the spring.
Winged forms migrate to other hosts in late spring.
Winged forms migrate to start new colonies only on crape myrtles.
Winged forms migrate to start new colonies, usually on the same type of plant.
Winged forms possess two pairs of wings which are unequal in size and have reduced venation.
Winged help is on the way in the form of Japanese killer hornets.
Winged individuals appear during the summer and spread to reed, etc.
Winged individuals disperse readily between crops.
Winged individuals have a dark patch on the top of their abdomen.
Winged individuals tend to have darker abdomens and be slightly thinner.
Winged insects are natural prey for flycatchers, nighthawks, whippoorwills, and swallows.
Winged insects arise.
Winged insects evolve.
Winged males are black and have colorless to pale brown wing veins.
Winged males are distinguished from females by smaller heads and black bodies.
Winged males are much smaller than winged queens.
Winged males are smaller than winged queens.
Winged males crawl out from beneath their cover and mate with covered females who produce eggs.
Winged males emerge from a tiny fluffy cocoon and fly to the female mealybug to mate.
Winged males emerge several days later and mate with the wingless females in the bags.
Winged males mate once before they die.
Winged members have two pair of wings with few veins.
Winged migrants develop whenever overcrowding occurs or food becomes scarce.
Winged pigs are everywhere.
Winged seeds are designed for flight and come in a variety of sizes and shapes.
Winged seeds are lightweight and disseminated by wind.
Winged seeds attract birds and other wildlife.
Winged sumac forms large clones by vegetative reproduction in abandoned fields and along roadsides.
Winged termites are a reproductive class and they swarm before they mate.
Winged termites are often the first sign of a subterranean termite infestation.
Winged termites are often the first sign of subterranean termite infestation.
Winged termites fly up into air in massive clouds.
Winged termites have a fat waist, equally sized wings, and straight, beaded antennae.
Winged Wonders Learn the basics of bird identification and behavior through direct observation.
A winger is an athlete
Wingers also have key duties during defense helping the fullback cover kicks and counterattacking.
Wingers are athletes.
Wingers are the forgotten men of rugby.
Wingers can be poor, as long as central midfielders are fast and skilful.
Wingers really come into their own after the game however.
Wingers take part in a wide variety of activities with their wings.
Wingless adults are very shiny black.
Wingless adults do exist, but occur primarily during the winter.
Some wingless ants can perform a controlled glide when free falling.
Wingless aphids are olive green with a reddish-orange area at the base of the cornicles.
Some wingless aphids move from plants.
Some wingless aphids produce offspring.
Wingless females spend most of their time on the plant, feeding and reproducing.
Wingless forms are large, usually black, ants.
Wingless forms are the most common during the growing season, but both forms can transmit viruses.
Wingless forms have a tail just above the pointed abdomen, giving it a two-tailed appearance.
Wingless forms settle on the tree and reproduce repeatedly.
Wingless grasshoppers are a major pest of both broadleaved trees and pines.
Wingless insects have length.
Wingless insects possess abdominal appendages.
Wingless insects possess appendages.
Most wingless insects have length.
Most wingless insects possess abdominal appendages.
Some wingless insects eat wallpaper.
Some wingless insects undergo metamorphosis.
Wingless males are rare.
Wingless males can mate with normal females, but it takes much longer.
Wingless nymph becomes adults.
Wingless nymphs hatch from the eggs and go through four to five molts before reaching maturity.
Wingless nymphs hatch from the eggs, and molt several times to reach adulthood in about two months.
Most wingless nymph becomes adults.
A wingman is a pilot
Wingmans are pilots.
Wingmen Are Important.
Wingmen go home.
Wingmen now turn on formation lights when the leader does.
Some wingmen even find joy in playing decoy.
Wings bars are absent.
Wingspan estimates are necessarily all guesswork.
A wingspan is distance
Wingspan sweeps brokerage proceeds into a money-market mutual fund.
A winker is a screen
Some winkers have an internet presence.
Winking lighthouses stand sentry over the most spectacular seascapes on the Eastern seaboard.
A winkle is an univalve
Winkle isa gastropod.
Winkles are herbivorous and graze on algae on rocks.
Winkles are the worse example.
Winkles have (part) brains.
Winkles have (part) carapaces.
Winkles have (part) cell membranes.
Winkles have (part) cells.
Winkles have (part) corpi.
Winkles have (part) cytoplasm.
Winkles have (part) ears.
Winkles have (part) faces.
Winkles have (part) heads.
Winkles have (part) nuclei.
Winkles have (part) plasma membranes.
Winkles have (part) sections.
Winkles have (part) shellfishes.
Winkles have (part) shells.
Winkles have (part) skulls.
Winkles have (part) vacuoles.
Some winkles build facilities.
WinListBalloonBorderWidth number Sets the width of the balloon window's border.
Winnebago soils are moderately to steeply sloping on uplands.
A winner is a contestant
Winner advances .
Winner advances to regional competition.
Winner advances to the Final Four.
Winner advances to the World Championship Chili Cook-off in Nevada.
Winner arrives But eventually the winner came.
Winner assumes responsibility for all taxes.
Winner assumes responsibility for income taxes.
Winner chooses CD from one of the top vendors.
Winner gets Atlanta.
Winner has five days to claim the prize.
Winner isa individual.
Winner isa person.
Winner isa somebody.
Winner isa someone.
Winner plays on and the loser goes home.
Winner replaces myths with a scholarly discussion of realities in the field of talent development.
Winner take nothing.
Winner takes all and both shut the heck up.
Winner takes all and majority rule principles had to be eliminated, no matter who won the elections.
Winner takes all markets.
Winner takes home a smaller replica.
Winner takes home the Stanley Cup.
Winner takes home whatever's in the pot.
Winner takes it all.
Winner takes unopened can.
Winners accept responsibility for their lives.
Winners acquire points on everything from overall form to coat and color.
Winners advance to a state meet.
Winners advance to annual state and national competitions.
Winners advance to championship semifinal and losers advance to consolation preliminaries.
Winners advance to district and regional contests.
Winners advance to district level competition.
Winners advance to regional competition.
Winners advance to sectional competition.
Winners advance to state competition.
Winners advance to the next round.
Winners advance to the Regional Science Fair held in Fort Worth.
Winners advance to the right and losers move to another straight draw to the left.
Winners advance to the state competition.
Winners advance to the Super Bowl.
Winners advance toward finals.
Winners again win, unless they are pitted against another winner.
Winners agree by default to be posted on the site.
Winners agree to allow their names and likenesses to be used for promotional purposes.
Winners agree to allow use of their name, address and photo for publicity without compensation.
Winners agree to allow use of their names and photo images for publicity related to the contest.
Winners agree to attend annual convention to accept award.
Winners agree to be listed the following month.
Winners agree to have their E-mail address listed as part of our promotion.
Winners agree to have their name listed below.
Winners agree to have their name, city and state posted.
Winners agree to have their names posted on the site.
Winners agree to participate in publicity.
Winners agree to provide photo and testimonial for advertising purposes.
Winners agree to the use of their names in any promotional advertising.
Winners also compete in the national competition.
Winners Also Cry .
Winners also get a CD copy of the issue their work appears in.
Winners also get back and give up the fewest transition points.
Winners also get it right the next time.
Winners also have the opportunity to participate in a parade in London.
Winners also have their names engraved on a plaque mounted in the dean's office area.
Winners also provides full training programs for employers and supervisors.
Winners also qualify to compete for the grand prize, a tropical trip for two.
Winners also receive a free trip to New York City with their parents for an awards reception.
Winners also receive a gold medallion and a certificate describing their work.
Winners also receive a notation of the award on their academic records.
Winners also receive a personalized award to place on their website, like the one below.
Winners also receive a personalized award to place on their website.
Winners also receive an engraved crystal plaque.
Winners also receive bundles of newspapers on the day their drawings are printed.
Winners also receive certificates and gift vouchers.
Winners also receive framed certificates.
Winners also receive special signage.
Winners also receive video of the performance.
Winners appear to keep winning, losers keep losing.
Winners are .
Winners are able to use their prize money to translate their future plans into reality.
Winners are absolutely determined to win, and they are willing to pay the price.
Winners are also eligible for additional university scholarships.
Winners are awarded with a golden horse statuette .
Winners are awarded with a golden horse statuette.
Winners are awarded with free credits, so come and join the fun.
Winners are below.
Winners are bold mavericks willing to redefine the game.
Winners are books.
Winners are chosen by celebrity judges , and also audience votes .
Winners are chosen by celebrity judges, and also audience votes.
Winners are companies.
Winners are confident enough to use the truth.
Winners are connectors.
Winners are contestants.
Winners are decided by the distance they get through the pit.
Winners are decided by the general public.
Winners are definitely players, they get the money.
Winners are dependable and reliable.
Winners are determined from nominations received on official forms only.
Winners are determined on a point basis.
Winners are determined on a random selection basis.
Winners are determined through interviews with a panel of judges.
Winners are different.
Winners are drawen quarterly.
Winners are dreamers.
Winners are eligible for two years of support.
Winners are eligible to compete for a renewal of their awards in subsequent years.
Winners are eligible to compete in the state championship tournament in early autumn.
Winners are eligible to reapply for their scholarships.
Winners are eligible to represent Wisconsin in the national awards competition.
Winners are ethical.
Winners are flexible.
Winners are free to make personal use of their awards in any manner they choose.
Winners are free to market stories elsewhere after the award is announced.
Winners are from Sweden, USA, and Japan.
Winners are from USA and Italy.
Winners are gamblers.
Winners are gang free.
Winners are greedy about winning.
Winners are grinners, or so they say.
Winners are Grinners.
Winners are helpful.
Winners are in bold face.
Winners are in bold.
Winners are in Bold.
Winners are in fields including public health, history, philosophy, psychology, and sociology.
Winners are in italics .
Winners are in italics.
Winners are ineligible for the award for the following five years.
Winners are just a click away .
Winners are like biscuits-when things heat up they rise to the occasion.
Winners are listed first and highlighted in 'bold'.
Winners are listed first in 'bold', followed by the other nominees.
Winners are listed first in colored row, followed by the other nominees.
Winners are listed first, in 'bold'.
Winners are listed first.
Winners are located in sporting events.
Winners are losers that got lucky.
Winners are marked in 'bold' text.
Winners are masters of the art of simulation.
Winners are no longer eligible to enter future games.
Winners are often after something of greater importance, benefiting personally along the way.
Winners are patient.
Winners are people that believe in themselves.
Winners are people who know their strengths and have a so-what attitude about their weaknesses.
Winners are personally responsible for the settling of claims for prize taxes etc.
Winners are picked on a first come, first serve basis.
Winners are players who predict the highest amount of correct scores in any given week.
Winners are positive thinkers who see good in all things.
Winners are property owners in Newark who now have relatively high effective tax rates.
Winners are quick to say that one necessary ingredient to achieving is loving what is involved.
Winners are ready to make changes and solve problems.
Winners are repsonsible for any fees, taxes, and verification of eligibility.
Winners are responsibile for any and all taxes.
Winners are responsible for all applicable federal, state and local taxes and regulations.
Winners are responsible for all applicable taxes on prizes received.
Winners are responsible for all applicable taxes or similar fees.
Winners are responsible for all applicable taxes thereon.
Winners are responsible for all applicable taxes.
Winners are responsible for all federal, provincial and local taxes levied on the prizes.
Winners are responsible for all federal, state and local taxes levied on the prizes.
Winners are responsible for all federal, state and local taxes, if any.
Winners are responsible for all federal, state and local taxes.
Winners are responsible for all other costs and incidentals, including all taxes.
Winners are responsible for all related fees and taxes required.
Winners are responsible for all taxes and registration.
Winners are responsible for all taxes associated with the prize.
Winners are responsible for all taxes including state and federal taxes.
Winners are responsible for all taxes incurred on prizes.
Winners are responsible for all taxes incurred.
Winners are responsible for all taxes on prizes.
Winners are responsible for all taxes, licenses and fees.
Winners are responsible for all taxes.
Winners are responsible for any and all taxes associated with acceptance of any prize.
Winners are responsible for any and all taxes on their prizes.
Winners are responsible for any and all taxes, fees, duties, or assessments due on prizes.
Winners are responsible for any and all taxes.
Winners are responsible for any applicable federal, state, and local taxes.
Winners are responsible for any applicable prizes taxes.
Winners are responsible for any applicable taxes.
Winners are responsible for any federal, state and local taxes.
Winners are responsible for any federal, state or local taxes and insurance coverage, if applicable.
Winners are responsible for any federal, state or local taxes on prize money.
Winners are responsible for any local, state, federal or international taxes and fees.
Winners are responsible for any local, state, or federal taxes due on prizes.
Winners are responsible for any taxes and costs associated with winning a prize.
Winners are responsible for any taxes or consequences accompanied by awarded prizes.
Winners are responsible for any taxes or duties imposed upon winnings.
Winners are responsible for any taxes or fees imposed by their state or country.
Winners are responsible for any taxes or fees incurred by winning.
Winners are responsible for any taxes, fees, duties, if applicable.
Winners are responsible for any taxes.
Winners are responsible for paying any and all taxes or fees due.
Winners are responsible for paying any applicable taxes.
Winners are responsible for paying any income taxes on the value of the prize received.
Winners are responsible for payment of any and all taxes due, including sales and incomes tax.
Winners are responsible for prize pickup.
Winners are responsible for providing their own transportation to and from venue.
Winners are responsible for reporting scores and returning tournament balls.
Winners are responsible for room tax and incidentals, as well as any taxes due on winnings.
Winners are responsible for taxes and shipping costs on prizes won.
Winners are responsible for taxes, fees, etc.
Winners are responsible for taxes, registration costs, and pickup or delivery of the prize.
Winners are responsible for the vehicle's sales tax and a document fee for title and temporary tags.
Winners are responsible for their living costs, books and insurance while in Switzerland.
Winners are responsible for their own transportation to the nearest International airport.
Winners are responsible for their own travel plans and expenses.
Winners are responsible for their travel and accommodation expenses to the presentation.
Winners are selected based on regular-season play.
Winners are selected by a jury of judges during the week before the ceremony is held .
Winners are selected by a jury of judges during the week before the ceremony is held.
Winners are selfless rather than full of self.
Winners are self-motivated.
Winners are serious about their dreams.
Winners are servants.
Winners are solely liable for personal tax liability, if any, on the prize awards.
Winners are solely responsible for all applicable federal, state and local taxes.
Winners are solely responsible for all applicable federal, state, and local taxes.
Winners are solely responsible for all taxes on prizes.
Winners are solely responsible for all taxes.
Winners are solely responsible for any applicable taxes.
Winners are solely responsible for local, state or federal taxes, where applicable.
Winners are solely responsible for obtaining a valid passport before trip departure.
Winners are solely responsible for payment of all applicable taxes on prizes won.
Winners are solely responsible for payment of any fees or taxes.
Winners are solely responsible for reporting and paying of any and all applicable taxes.
Winners are solely responsible for reporting and payment of any taxes on prizes.
Winners are solely responsible for the reporting and paying of any and all applicable taxes.
Winners are solely responsible for the reporting and payment of any tax liabilities incurred.
Winners are solely responssible for all taxes.
Winners are subject to proving eligibility.
Winners are subject to verification.
Winners are subsidiaries.
Winners are the contestants who have scored the greatest number of points.
Winners are the ones who move families, businesses, organizations, cities and countries ahead.
Winners are the ones who push progress.
Winners are the ones with the best times.
Winners are the remaining partners.
Winners are the richest people in the world when it comes to experience, laughter, and love.
Winners are to be invited to a banquet at the university.
Winners are to be recorded retrospectively, and then annual.
Winners are to supply postal information ONLY if they are a designated winner.
Winners are updated on the list only when the information on new winners is available.
Winners are usually assigned rooms together, when the situation allows.
Winners are usually independent thinkers who are self-motivated.
Winners are usually over-selected considering cancellation and relinquishment .
Winners are usually pics that have acting noms, too.
Winners are who has most points.
Winners are whoever achieves the objective.
Winners are willing to do what is necessary to achieve their goals.
Winners are willing to give more than get.
Winners are workers.
Winners assess and learn from feedback in any number of ways.
Winners assume all applicable tax liability for prizes.
Winners assume all applicable tax liability for their prize.
Winners assume all risks of prizes, including travel, and agree that Washingtonpost.
Winners assume any tax liability for prizes.
Winners attend an afternoon parade and a preview of the season's theatrical.
Winners attend the opening night of the season's theatrical.
Winners attract other winners.
Winners attract winners and leaders attract leaders.
Winners bear a cross before they wear a crown.
Winners become losers and the aforementioned groups are the beneficiaries.
Winners become part of a traveling exhibit.
Winners become part of the solution.
Winners believe in themselves, even when things go wrong.
Winners believe they can win.
Winners break the tie, so to speak.
Winners call all others.
Winners can accumulate up to one million dust mites just by sitting in backseat.
Winners can advance to regional competition.
Winners can also use the money to repay student loans.
Winners can attend the evening of their choice.
Winners can begin receiving state funds after they have executed a federal contract.
Winners can choose one item among prizes.
Winners can choose one three designs, which includes personalized cards and envelopes.
Winners can choose to post their names on a high score list.
Winners can choose which venue they wish to attend the show at.
Winners can claim their prize at one of our locations .
Winners can click here to select an award graphic.
Winners can come from any part of the state.
Winners can compete in the regional and national competitions.
Winners can comprise an incredibly diverse group.
Winners can continue competition up to a national level.
Winners can control both kinds of energy to their benefit.
Winners can create successful business ventures on any scale they choose.
Winners can decide how to share a prize when they claim it.
Winners can give pride of place to the winner's icon, shown on each page.
Winners can grab their award logo below.
Winners can have their work published.
Winners Can Laugh.
Winners can only win once no matter which website they enter on.
Winners can opt for the t-shirt option.
Winners can pickup their prize from any of our locations.
Winners can proudly count their product as one of the world's very best.
Winners can purchase additional awards at additional cost.
Winners can quickly afford the most powerful weapons and armor, and so are more difficult to defeat.
Winners can reapply after a one year hiatus.
Winners can receive prices including games, clothes and peripherals.
Winners can redeem their tickets on the date of theirchoice.
Winners can request anonymity if they wish.
Winners can rub their victory in the collective face of the losers.
Winners can specify the exact information to be inscribed on thier certificates and trophies.
Winners can stay on the court to play the next challenge.
Winners can stress forgiveness and, where appropriate, amnesty.
Winners can win cash.
Winners can win more than once.
Winners can win more than one month, but each month the referrals begin at zero.
Winners can win only once during the match.
Winners can win only once per year.
Winners care in their sleep.
Winners care more.
Winners check their motives before they open their mouths.
Winners choose between vitamins, creatine, or pyruvate as their prize.
Winners choose shirt of their choice.
Winners claiming from Retail outlets can do so as soon as the system opens again after the draw.
Winners clearly decide what they want to do, set their goal and stick to it.
Winners Click for a larger image.
Winners combine decision-making flexibility with visible and active support of senior management.
Winners come in as darkness is falling, and the rest straggle in throughout the night.
Winners come to California.
Winners commit themselves to constant self-improvement.
Winners compete at the zone and state level for scholarships.
Winners compete in a play-off.
Winners concentrate on winning.
Winners concert in evening.
Winners consent to have their names used for any publicity announcement.
Winners Consolidate professional development planning and evaluation.
Winners constantly invest in their hero SKUs to keep building on their success.
Winners continue in tournament-style competition until one remains.
Winners convert problems into opportunities and opportunities into victories.
Winners create their own status system.
Winners Create Their Own Vacation.
Winners cross their t's real high.
Winners decide what they want in life and then get there by making plans and setting goals.
Winners Define any number of winners .
Winners demonstrate excellence.
Winners demonstrate the very best examples of innovation, planning and design.
Winners deserve it, no matter how they win.
Winners designate their prize money to the charity or charities of their choice.
Winners develop a min set of never letting failure dwell on their minds.
Winners diversify their risks.
Winners divide the pot.
Winners do get their site showcased.
Winners do the little things exceptionally well.
Winners do the right things at the right moment.
Winners do the right things for themselves, in the right order.
Winners do their duty.
Winners do things differently.
Winners do whatever it takes.
Winners don t give up ever.
Winners don' t quit.
Winners earn a plaque, check and points toward the Student Affiliate Participation Award.
Winners earn a review of their portfolios by professionals in the advertising industry.
Winners earn blue birds for trophies.
Winners earn cash prizes.
Winners earn chips to redeem for prizes.
Winners earn money for college.
Winners earn scholarships as well as bragging rights.
Winners earn trophies.
Winners earn Xstars which they can use to buy real prizes or bid against others at MXAuction.
Winners enjoy a broad, expansive view, and see themselves as part of it.
Winners exchange the ignorance of darkness for enlightenment.
Winners exhibit intellectual promise and high academic achievement.
Winners expect the best.
Winners expect to win and losers expect to lose.
Winners expect to win in advance.
Winners expect to win.
Winners explore a great range of topics in the humanities, arts, social sciences, and sciences.
Winners face off with other local clubs, then go on to a regional competition.
Winners fail all the time.
Winners fight each other.
Winners find a way, losers find an excuse.
Winners find a workable way.
Winners Find out who won each round.
Winners fly coach class and receive one night hotel accommodation.
Winners focus on goal achieving, rather than tension relieving.
Winners focus on making a life .
Winners focus on mastering the fundamentals, rather than chasing every new gimmick that comes along.
Winners focus, losers spray.
Winners forget they're in a race, they just love to run.
Winners forget they're in a race.
Winners forget they're in the race.
Winners get a chance to submit their own questions for possible use in upcoming twisters.
Winners get a dinner in New York and some recognition from their peers, who are also judges.
Winners get a free poster.
Winners get a marble inscribed trophy and bottle of champagne.
Winners get a moose steak.
Winners get a nifty little award image and comments from our editors to post on their site.
Winners get a pink flamingo or an equally ridiculous gift.
Winners get a press pass and round trip transportation to Huntsville.
Winners get a prize.
Winners get a promotion.
Winners get a pumpkin pie.
Winners get a trophy made from locally recycled glass.
Winners get admin.
Winners get an advance copy and acknowledged by name at the front of the book.
Winners get an award custom-designed by a local artist.
Winners get anything from waterproof matches to immunity.
Winners get FREE advertising and links to thier sites.
Winners get free meal tickets from their delightful cafeteria.
Winners get free tickets to the show.
Winners get gift certificates.
Winners get lunch with the columnist at the restaurant of their choice.
Winners get money, which is what any ski bum wants.
Winners get more of the little things right more of the time than most other karters.
Winners get more offers and command more money.
Winners get one star.
Winners get opportunity.
Winners get paid, losers go hungry.
Winners get photo with winning crab and a sports prize.
Winners get plaque and check, amount depending upon their category.
Winners get prize.
Winners get prizes based on their scores.
Winners get prizes like computers, cars, cash, and more.
Winners get the satisfaction of being smugly socially secure.
Winners get their work displayed and receive some nice prizes, too.
Winners get their work published for free.
Winners get tired of working in a crisis mode and put their talents to getting ahead of the curve.
Winners get to choose a book from the book basket.
Winners get to mate with females.
Winners get to name the planes after their children.
Winners get to submit their name and school for our winners' list.
Winners get to submit their name and school to the winners' list.
Winners get to unplug the television.
Winners get trophies and shirts.
Winners get T-shirts or bragging rights.
Winners get turkeys.
Winners give great performances consistently.
Winners give permission for their name, city of residence and photograph to be released.
Winners go home and date the prom queen.
Winners go home and fuck the prom queen.
Winners go on to compete at state, regional, national and international games.
Winners go on to compete at the national level.
Winners go on to compete in the national or International tournaments.
Winners go on to regional and federation level recognition.
Winners go on to state and national competitions.
Winners go to a national contest.
Winners go to events prepared with definite objectives.
Winners go to the state finals in Las Vegas next month, then hopefully advance to the nationals.
Winners go to work at the slightest hint of an opportunity to enhance their careers.
Winners go with the flow.
Winners govern, and losers look for a job.
Winners has the only bingo, dice and roulette games in town.
Winners has two great dining places to choose from.
Winners have (part) arms.
Winners have (part) body substances.
Winners have (part) cell membranes.
Winners have (part) cells.
Winners have (part) corpi.
Winners have (part) cytoplasm.
Winners have (part) heads.
Winners have (part) human bodies.
Winners have (part) legs.
Winners have (part) material bodies.
Winners have (part) necks.
Winners have (part) nuclei.
Winners have (part) personality.
Winners have (part) plasma membranes.
Winners have (part) sections.
Winners have (part) vacuoles.
Winners have a certain way of looking at things.
Winners have a life.
Winners have a ministry.
Winners have a plan to follow leads before they go to an event.
Winners have a plan.
Winners have a positive self image.
Winners have a sense of humor.
Winners have a set of rules to follow.
Winners have a whole year to plan their trip.
Winners have attitude.
Winners have been notified be email.
Winners have choice of cash options stated in rules or any merchandise offered at level won.
Winners have contrast patterns.
Winners have good luck because they are focused on the positive.
Winners have higher blood levels of serotonin , while losers have higher levels of octopamine.
Winners have higher blood levels of serotonin, while losers have higher levels of octopamine.
Winners have one full year from the time they are notified to use the free weekend.
Winners have one week to claim their ticket.
Winners have one week to respond and accept or they are disqualified and an alternate is drawn.
Winners have patterns.
Winners have plans to reach their goals.
Winners have positive attitudes in all elements of their lives.
Winners have pride - pride in what they do and pride in themselves.
Winners have reasons, losers have excuses.
Winners have sex appeal.
Winners have the ability to focus single-mindedly on the goal at hand and make it happen.
Winners have the ability to focus the energy into performing the task at hand.
Winners have the ability to look inside themselves and find that special dream.
Winners have the best equipment.
Winners have the chance to advance to sectional and team championships.
Winners have the option of taking the truck or a cash prize.
Winners have their choice of the award graphics above.
Winners have their work displayed in our prestigious galleries.
Winners have to be U.S. citizens.
Winners have to wait that long to return to competition.
Winners have two weeks to claim prize.
Winners have two weeks to claim their prizes.
Winners help other winners.
Winners help others win.
Winners here go on to state and national competition.
Winners here have little advertising value for the casino.
Winners imagine the solid weight of the gold medal around their necks.
Winners improve the odds by doing considerable advance research.
Winners includes both fiction and nonfiction.
Winners inspire the best in others.
Winners inspire their teammates to become better.
Winners keep a cool head and look for high-quality opportunities while maintaining diversification.
Winners keep makin' adjustments, thinkin' they've gotta lot to learn.
Winners keep their thoughts and self-talk positive in order to reach their maximum potential.
Winners know how and when to apply pressure to themselves.
Winners know how to expand their power base, and get their ideas heard and respected.
Winners know how to have a good time without causing someone else to have a bad time.
Winners know how to win together rather than lose alone.
Winners know that faith overcomes every obstacle.
Winners know that so-called luck is the intersection of preparation and opportunity.
Winners know that there are no menial tasks and having a well-rounded team in every area is crucial.
Winners know their potential.
Winners know their stuff.
Winners know there are no shortcuts.
Winners know what to lose in order to gain.
Winners learn from others rather than the trial and error.
Winners learn how to play the game, as it exists, in their field of choice.
Winners learn to control their emotions.
Winners lift up.
Winners like to be associated with winners.
Winners like to introduce people to one another.
Winners list and comments.
Winners literally keep their heads up.
Winners live by the rules.
Winners live, losers run out of money and leave.
Winners look for rainbows.
Winners look like week old road kill.
Winners look where they are going to.
Winners looks where they are going to.
Winners love the game, they prepare to win, and they always play as a team.
Winners make bad things happen a little at a time.
Winners make big things happen a little at a time.
Winners make commitments they always keep.
Winners make everyone better.
Winners make goals, losers make excuses.
Winners make it happen while losers let it happen.
Winners make it happen.
Winners make life happen for themselves and others.
Winners make mistakes, but they keep bouncing back.
Winners make more money every week.
Winners Make Things Happen Successful people have a attribute called vision.
Winners make things happen.
Winners make total commitments to their goals.
Winners mark their wins on their scoring sheets, and losers mark their losses.
Winners mate with multiple females and losers fail to mate.
Winners meet and are pursued by venture capitalists and angel investors.
Winners meet for playoff championship.
Winners meet life's challenges head on knowing there are no guarantees giving it all they've got.
Winners motivate others.
Winners move forward at consistent pace.
Winners move on to compete at national competitions.
Winners move on to local, sectional, regional then national finals.
Winners move on to regional and statewide competitions.
Winners move on to state competition.
Winners move on to the national competition in Maryland.
Winners move up to semifinals, then on to the finals which are held four times a year.
Winners move up, losers move down.
Winners name available on web site or by request.
Winners never cheat.
Winners never fear risking to lose.
Winners never feel secure and losers never surrender.
Winners never give up.
Winners never quit and quitters never win.
Winners never quit, and quitters never win.
Winners never quit, especially after a setback, rejection, or temporary defeat.
Winners never quit, quitters never win, retreat is for cowards.
Winners never quit, quitters never win.
Winners never quit.
Winners never take the short cut.
Winners never think about their failures as hindrances, but instead opportunities to become better.
Winners offer a kind word and sincere compliment.
Winners outnumber losers.
Winners pass their knowledge on to future champions.
Winners pay vigorish.
Winners play for the national title.
Winners play winners and losers play losers after the first round.
Winners play winners and losers play losers.
Winners play winners losers play losers.
Winners please expect six to eight weeks delivery time for prize receipt.
Winners practice and practice hard.
Winners practice that set of strict rules until the rules become second nature.
Winners prepare for a challenge by thinking positively.
Winners prepare harder than losers.
Winners presents some excellent themes, unit materials, and curriculum ideas.
Winners proceed to a multistate competition.
Winners proceed to competitions at the regional and national level.
Winners proceed to the statewide convention.
Winners proceed to the state-wide convention.
Winners progress to state and national bowls.
Winners progress to state and national finals.
Winners progress to the state and national level.
Winners provide an offer that is both product and service simultaneously.
Winners qualify for district and regional meets.
Winners qualify for sectional competition on their way to the National Competition.
Winners read their essays to the assembled crowd.
Winners receive a cash award and are invited to publish their papers on-line.
Winners receive a cash award and certificate of recognition.
Winners receive a cash award and have their names inscribed on a plaque in the library.
Winners receive a cash award.
Winners receive a cash prize and gain peer recognition for their investment prowess and insight.
Winners receive a certificate and a bronze medal.
Winners receive a certificate and a colorful jacket patch.
Winners receive a certificate and a gold medal, which is presented by the king of Sweden.
Winners receive a commemorative silver medallion.
Winners receive a crystal replica, with an impression of the cup etched on it.
Winners receive a framed certificate and a cash award.
Winners receive a free book.
Winners receive a full production of their work.
Winners receive a full scholarship for class fees for at least one course.
Winners receive a limited number of championship awards based on intramural sport.
Winners receive a medal and a framed certificate.
Winners receive a medal and complimentary ticket vouchers for the concert season.
Winners receive a medal.
Winners receive a monetary award.
Winners receive a paperweight.
Winners receive a pay-off of virtual coins.
Winners receive a pen.
Winners receive a plaque and a monetary award.
Winners receive a plaque and a specially-made pin.
Winners receive a plaque at an annual awards ceremony and a cash prize.
Winners receive a plaque commemorating their award.
Winners receive a prize provided by the promotional sponsor.
Winners receive a prize.
Winners receive a really sweet treat.
Winners receive a Science News Pangaea mug.
Winners receive a silver statuette.
Winners receive a small Christian gift.
Winners receive a specially designed pin cast in the metal of the respective award.
Winners receive a substantial cash prize and provincial recognition.
Winners receive a trophy and a post-race event follows completion of the race.
Winners receive a trophy and a t-shirt.
Winners receive a trophy and cash, depending on size of field.
Winners receive a trophy with their name engraved, as do the most improved students.
Winners receive a trophy.
Winners receive a t-shirt.
Winners receive airtime on a national syndicated television series.
Winners receive an additional monetary award.
Winners receive an asterisk.
Winners receive an award graphic.
Winners receive an expense-paid trip to Berlin to accept their awards.
Winners receive an inscribed trophy presented at an awards ceremony at the show.
Winners receive at minimum a staged reading.
Winners receive award certificates and possible publication in the magazine.
Winners receive beautiful agate slices.
Winners receive bonds and are celebrated at an awards ceremony.
Winners receive book awards.
Winners receive books or gift subscriptions to mathematical publications.
Winners receive cash and equipment awards.
Winners receive cash and in-kind awards.
Winners receive cash and other prizes as well as national recognition.
Winners receive cash and prizes in a variety of categories.
Winners receive cash and prizes. .
Winners receive cash and prizes.
Winners receive cash awards at the national and state levels.
Winners receive cash awards for college.
Winners receive cash awards.
Winners receive cash prizes and gift certificates to the Makielski art supply store.
Winners receive cash prizes and opportunities to meet with professionals in many fields.
Winners receive cash prizes and perform with the Orchestra.
Winners receive cash prizes and publication of their works online.
Winners receive cash prizes and publication.
Winners receive cash prizes and research medals.
Winners receive cash prizes and some are offered solo appearances.
Winners receive cash prizes and the opportunity to perform with the Orchestra.
Winners receive cash prizes and trophies for creative designs and fastest snowbox.
Winners receive cash prizes or merchandise.
Winners receive cash prizes, and their essays are published in the following year's Red Book .
Winners receive cash prizes, and their high schools receive scholarship awards.
Winners receive cash prizes, software and script consultation.
Winners receive cash prizes.
Winners receive college financial assistance, classroom experience and mentoring.
Winners receive complimentary anthology.
Winners receive crystal awards.
Winners receive dinner, movie passes, and more.
Winners receive Earth Week t-shirts and other prizes.
Winners receive educational scholarships and other prizes.
Winners receive either a savings bond, or a free meal and a certificate.
Winners receive extensive radio promotion, exposure through our music industry judges and more.
Winners receive five free t-shirts, and five free sets of postcards.
Winners receive five pizzas from Domino's.
Winners receive flowers or birthday cake.
Winners receive free dinners at area restaurants and other tourism-related prizes.
Winners receive FREE online time, gift certificates, and other prizes.
Winners receive gift certificates for a family meal and a safe-driving pin.
Winners receive gift certificates from the Inn.
Winners receive gift certificates to local restaurants, movie theaters or shopping centers.
Winners receive gold, silver and bronze medals for the achievement.
Winners receive grants to put their plans into action.
Winners receive great gifts.
Winners receive lunch with senior administrators.
Winners receive medals and certificates and advance to state competition.
Winners receive monetary gifts and special recognition.
Winners receive monetary prizes and an abundance of recognition.
Winners receive monetary prizes, and some of the plans are put into action as new companies.
Winners receive monetary prizes.
Winners receive no compensation for the work, except a pane of their stamps.
Winners receive notes and consideration for representation along with the cash prize.
Winners receive one copy for themselves and one for their school.
Winners receive other goodies, depending on the venue.
Winners receive paid summer internships in the court system.
Winners receive plaques and a free meal at an awards banquet in the Spring.
Winners receive plaques, which are presented at the annual National Conference on Education.
Winners receive prizes and the coveted bragging rights.
Winners receive prizes donated by our sponsors .
Winners receive prizes donated by the event sponsors.
Winners receive prizes from generous r.m.r.
Winners receive prizes from various local supporters.
Winners receive prizes such as T-shirts and playing cards.
Winners receive prizes.
Winners receive ribbons as well as bragging rights for a whole year.
Winners receive ribbons at a school assembly.
Winners receive scholarships and their centers receive cash awards.
Winners receive significant scholarship awards toward post-secondary studies.
Winners receive stipend and work at a major newspaper for ten months.
Winners receive the award at the annual Summer Educators' Conference.
Winners receive the credit via email, snail mail, wireless phone, or other handheld devices.
Winners receive their ezine posted on our site for a month.
Winners receive their prize notification via e-mail.
Winners receive their writing prizes in check form at the awards banquet.
Winners receive thousands of dollars for performance, music and best of all, costumes.
Winners receive trophies and plaques.
Winners receive trophies and special prizes.
Winners receive trophies plus a choice of toys from the huge prize table.
Winners receive trophies plus cash awards.
Winners receive trophies, plaques, and certificates.
Winners receive trophies.
Winners receive trophy.
Winners receive t-shirts, a framed print of their artwork and certificate.
Winners receive U.S. savings bonds.
Winners receive various merchandise and trophies.
Winners receive very attractive prizes ranging from cash to African music and items.
Winners receive weekly prizes and all entries received are eligible for a grand prize.
Winners receive worldwide exposure.
Winners recieve cash prizes.
Winners recognize and have ways of dealing with negative thoughts.
Winners remain on the list and are eligible to win more than once.
Winners report results of match and score immediately upon completion of play.
Winners represent Kentucky at national Bible drill exhibitions.
Winners respect every color and creed.
Winners retain all rights.
Winners review their past victories and then make the decisions.
Winners roll with the punches.
Winners run without distraction or impediment.
Winners see barriers in their paths as challenges rather than obstacles.
Winners see mountains as opportunities for inspiration and wisdom.
Winners see risk as opportunity.
Winners see the beginning in every ending.
Winners see what they want to happen.
Winners seek out great coaches.
Winners seem likely to emerge from the new spirit of enterprise.
Winners seize the opportunity to create expectations in the minds of visitors.
Winners select a gift.
Winners select a sealed envelope containing two chips.
Winners serve as an inspiration and role model for others in the family support field.
Winners serve before they are served.
Winners serve two years.
Winners share be within the sole discretion of Wild Heart Ranch.
Winners share important characteristics.
Winners share their experience, encouragement, and wisdom with graduate and undergraduate students.
Winners share twenty-three thousand dollars in prizes.
Winners simply adjust their approach according to what they learn with each experience.
Winners simply maximize chances that great luck happens.
Winners snag the ribbons.
Winners stand tall.
Winners stay on the list and are still eligible.
Winners stay, losers get in line.
Winners stay, losers leave.
Winners still stay on the court.
Winners struggle, too Even winning teams appear to have losing bottom lines.
Winners study at foreign universities, with minor additional obligations.
Winners Take All .
Winners take all.
Winners take calculated risks.
Winners take home a cash prize.
Winners take home a gift basket of freshly-baked honey treats.
Winners take home a traveling trophy for their institution.
Winners take home an array of cash and prizes.
Winners take home cash prizes.
Winners take home nothing but a trophy and a badge of honor.
Winners take home trophies and cash prizes.
Winners take less chances, losers take more.
Winners take office and begin enacting the legislation they talked about during their campaigns.
Winners take responsibility for themselves.
Winners take the new can of balls to next round.
Winners take the time to continuously improve.
Winners take their dreams seriously.
Winners tend to behaviour in certain ways and so do losers.
Winners tend to grow and losers disappear.
Winners tend to have that sort of effect.
Winners then receive the amount on the display screen.
Winners there advance to the state show.
Winners there become odds on favorites for an Oscar.
Winners train for months and years before the actual competition.
Winners train their staff in the art of trade show floor selling.
Winners train, losers complain.
Winners travel to Ottawa to compete in the national finals.
Winners treasure every small improvement.
Winners try it now.
Winners typically involve significant breakthroughs in technology.
Winners understand certain key principles that losers ignore.
Winners understand that knowledge has a short shelf-life.
Winners understand that their actions create their reality.
Winners understand that winning and losing are valuable parts of life.
Winners understand the language of feelings as well as that of facts.
Winners use the best tools.
Winners use the money at their discretion to promote math and science education.
Winners use the money to start their own companies.
Winners use their strengths and minimize their weaknesses.
Winners vary in how they made decisions about PD priorities.
Winners View our past giveaways and contests as well as the list of the winners.
Winners visualize success and positive outcomes to their endeavours and they know when to relax.
Winners visualize the rewards of success .
Winners visualize the rewards of success.
Winners walk away with trophies.
Winners win a trip to the olympics.
Winners win and losers make excuses.
Winners win because they do.
Winners win because they have participants who are talented.
Winners win games.
Winners win largely because they pay attention.
Winners win praise and prizes.
Winners wll receive lodge gift certificates.
Winners work month after month after month, making it happen.
Winners work smarter and harder.
Winners work their hardest when no one is watching.
Winners write history.
Winners write the history.
Winners always have the option to refuses the prize they won.
Winners always smile when the chips are down, because they know they are winners.
Winners always smile.
Winners always walk away certain they won fair and square.
Winners always walk their talk.
Winners frequently give their prize money back to the team.
Winners often apply the credit to their bar tab accumulated during the game.
Winners often face crushing defeat before they become victors.
Winners often get to attend space mission launches or planetary encounters.
Winners sometimes quit.
Winners sometimes walk away.
Winners usually lose faith in human nature.
Winners usually pay with cashier's checks or money orders.
Winners usually receive an increase in visitors and awareness.
All winners agree to have their first name appear in our weekly winners circle.
All winners agree to submit an affidavit of eligibility and compliance with the rules upon request.
All winners also receive a full-color Whine Festival logo suitable for framing.
All winners are final.
All winners are nonquitters.
All winners are responsible for all taxes associated with prizes.
All winners are solely responsible for all applicable federal, state, and local taxes.
All winners are subject to polygraph test.
All winners are subject to verification of eligibility.
All winners can request to be paid by bank drafts or in person.
All winners pay the same price of the lowest successful bid.
All winners qualify to win a weekend for two in Hawaii.
All winners receive a certificate.
All winners receive a nifty trophy.
All winners receive a ribbon.
All winners receive beautifully engraved plaques.
All winners receive prizes and recognition by their school and community.
All winners receive prizes.
All winners receive their prizes by mail.
All winners receive their prizes by post.
All winners receive their winning cheques in the post the following week.
All winners receive trophies in addition to cash prizes.
All winners receive U.S. savings bonds, certificates, and various other donated prizes.
All winners set respective country, track and personal bests.
All winners win an all-paid virtual vacation to the beaches of Hawaii.
Every winner can use a coach.
Every winner creates a whole bunch of losers.
Every winner gets to share with other applicants the secrets of their winning practices.
Every winner has scars.
Many winners accept a cash prize in lieu of a trip.
Many winners are entrants who received critiques, rewrote and re-entered.
Many winners feel that a press conference enhances the winning experience.
Many winners get world wide distribution.
More winners go home happy with less money - a little bit of mad money.
Most winners are in relatively sound physical condition, and racing at an appropriate class level.
Most winners demonstrate excellence.
Most winners feel participating in a press conference is a positive decision.
Most winners feel the best prize is to find that they have made a difference in someone's life.
Most winners get opportunity.
Most winners have contrast patterns.
Most winners have patterns.
Most winners just take their prize and leave.
Most winners state that they won using plain envelopes and papers.
Most winners win games.
Some winners are invited to award ceremony.
Some winners are invited to ceremony.
Some winners are nonquitters.
Some winners are quitters.
Some winners become horsemen.
Some winners become leaders.
Some winners do get exta-incredible prizes.
Some winners encounter death.
Some winners encounter strange death.
Some winners form bonds.
Some winners form pair bonds.
Some winners get time.
Some winners have rights.
Some winners meet death.
Some winners miss their free reading due to invalid email addresses or no phone number.
Some winners receive albums.
Some winners receive benefits.
Some winners receive blisters.
Some winners receive cars.
Some winners receive certificates.
Some winners receive original sketches.
Some winners receive sketches.
Some winners set examples.
Some winners take homes.
Some winners take possessions.
Some winners take reins.
Some winners use approaches.
Winnings are financial gain.
Winnings are fun.
Winnings are ore.
Winnings are success.
Winnings cause guilt.
Winnipeg canola is in Canadian dollars.
Winnipeg conference looks for ways to help children of war.
Winnipeg lawyer uses own hair clippings to keep pesky bunnies out of garden.
Winnipeg residents are fortunate to enjoy good air quality most of the time.
Winnow method grows only logarithmically with the number of irrelevant features.
A wino is a juicer
Winos drink the fresh stuff fast because it's cheap.
Some Winslow hotels are cosmopolitan while other resorts offer a more secluded feel.
Winsome tortoise stick incense holder.
Winsted ambulance covers all other areas.
A winter aconite is a herb
Winter aconite is one of the first flowers to bloom in spring.
Winter activities abound in the snow.
Winter activities are always safer with a partner.
Winter activities are fun, but can be dangerous without training and planning.
Winter activities bring ice fishermen, skaters, hockey players and skiing enthusiasts.
Winter activities depend on available facilities.
Winter activities have a higher energy cost than the same exercise in the summer.
Winter activities see Calendar .
Winter activities turn over to spring ones.
Winter activity occurs at the interface of snow and soil, or underground.
Some winter activity takes place on or in the soil, under the insulating snow cover.
Winter annuals are a particular problem for strawberry growers.
Winter annuals are problem weeds for strawberry growers for several reasons.
Winter annuals can be difficult to control in the spring.
Winter annuals can complement perennial forages.
Winter annuals continue to increase as tillage is reduced.
Winter annuals germinate at the end of summer and overwinter as small, dormant seedlings.
Winter annuals germinate at the end of the summer and overwinter as small, dormant, green plants.
Winter annuals germinate in the early fall.
Winter annuals germinate in the fall, mature in the winter, and die early summer.
Winter annuals have the exact opposite life cycle.
Winter annuals provide most of the color for our famous wildflower shows.
Winter annuals sprout in the fall, thrive during the winter and die in late spring or early summer.
Winter barley is also available, but is only slightly more winter hardy than spring barley.
Winter barley is harvested with good yields.
Winter barley is less winter hardy than winter wheat.
Winter beaches are very cold, so dress warmly.
Winter blues are anything but neutral.
Winter break begins at end of day.
Winter break begins later and has a later return date.
Winter break begins.
Winter break brings welcome time off and down time.
Winter break can be a downtime for blood donations.
Winter break is a busy time for transcripts.
Winter break is just around the corner.
Winter break is over.
Winter break is the time when most breakins occur.
Winter breaks come and go, but people always change.
Winter buds are a dark red.
Winter buds are naked, valvate, or imbricate.
Winter buds are short, pointed, red, and pubescent.
Winter buds are small and hidden.
Winter buds are small and imbricate with three outer scales.
Winter buds are small and superposed.
Winter buds are small, and terminal buds are absent.
Winter buds are very minute, hidden, and superposed.
Winter buds have few scales.
Winter camping can be a grueling endeavor.
Winter camping can be a leisurely affair.
Winter camping is a challenging adventure.
Winter camping is a very rewarding sport because it requires so much effort.
Winter camping is also available.
Winter camping is available as well.
Winter camping is available for the hardy.
Winter camping is available on a first come first serve basis.
Winter camping is available, contact park for details.
Winter camping is available.
Winter camping is backpack only.
Winter camping is challenging, yet very rewarding.
Winter camping is occasionally available, weather permitting.
Winter camping is occasionally available.
Winter camping is occasionlly available, weather permitting.
Winter camping is permitted.
Winter camping is posslble.
Winter camping is the best.
Winter camping requires a good quality winter sleeping bag.
Winter camping takes a touch more planning than summer camping.
Some winter camping is available.
Winter carnivals are fun for the entire family.
Winter cereals are an exception and can be planted a little later.
Winter cereals are more susceptible than spring cereals.
Winter cereals are the best analog for natural grasslands.
Winter chill is in the air time to soothe, smooth and pamper.
Winter chills bring a warning of empty days, and numbing nights.
Winter chills can damage strawberry roots and crowns.
Winter clothing can hide extra pounds.
Winter clothing is made with the hair left on.
Winter clothing is provided.
Winter clothing is recommended, including hat, gloves and dry insulating under clothing.
Winter clothing is the standard business suit and tie, for example.
Winter coat is distinctly curly with crushed velvet in summer.
Winter coats are thick and shiny.
Winter coats have layers.
Most winter coats have layers.
Winter creeper grows quite rapidly, even in harsh growing conditions.
Winter creeper is prone to disease by anthracnose, aphids, and powdery mildews.
Winter crops are reportedly in fair to excellent condition.
Winter cycling is cool.
Winter cycling is very popular in Moscow.
Winter cyclists use equipment.
Winter days allow day-long ski trips and sled rides in the mountains.
Winter days are clear and mild with accommodations half the summer rate.
Winter days are clear, mild and still.
Winter days are cold and evening temperatures can dip below zero.
Winter days are colder because of the Earth's axis tilt.
Winter days are cool, and at night temperatures often drop below freezing.
Winter days are crisp and sunny.
Winter days are decidedly gray and dark.
Winter days are generally a combination of warm sun and crisp air.
Winter days are normally mild but cool off considerably at night.
Winter days are often clear and cool with many delightful views of distant mountains.
Winter days are perfect with cool evenings.
Winter days are pleasant with chilly evenings.
Winter days are short and dri.
Winter days are short and dry.
Winter days are short, dark, cold - made tolerable only by passing powder storms.
Winter days are shorter than summer days.
Winter days are sunny and warm.
Winter days are sunny with night temperatures often below zero.
Winter days are too short.
Winter days are usually balmy and sunny, with temperatures dropping after the sun sets.
Winter days are usually short and cloudy.
Winter days are usually sunny, with temperatures dropping after the sun sets.
Winter days are usually very clear.
Winter days are very short, but summer days are long.
Winter days are very similar to summer days with only a slight difference in temperature.
Winter days are warm - the onset of night bringing dew and frost to supplement our low rainfall.
Winter days are warm and nights are cool, with heavy frost common in the desert.
Winter days are warm, but the temperature often falls below freezing at night.
Winter days can be cold.
Winter days end quickly.
Most winter days are sunny and there is never any frost.
Most winter days offer balmy, short sleeve weather.
Winter depression is a problem for many people.
Winter depression is most dramatic around the polar regions, where nights can last for months.
Winter depression is still a mystery to scientists who study it.
Winter fat is a small perennial shrub with a base of yellowish, fibrous wood with exfoliating bark.
Winter flounder are good food.
Winter flounder come into the bay in the fall and stay through the winter until the spring.
Winter flounder is a flatfish
Winter flounder is the most popular finfish species caught by recreational and commercial fishermen.
Winter flounder produce a natural antifreeze compound.
Winter flounder provide the most enjoyable action when caught on light tackle.
Winter flounder tend to return to the same spawning locations in consecutive years.
Winter frost kills dill.
Winter gardens are a little complicated but eminently possible.
Winter grains account for a very small proportion of the total harvest.
Winter guard differs from color guard.
Winter habitats include areas.
Winter habitats include trees.
Winter hibernation takes places.
Winter holiday begins.
Winter holiday starts.
Winter holidays are fast approaching.
Winter holidays receive a huge build-up.
Winter Holidays Take better pictures when friends and family gather to celebrate.
Winter hours apply to campground as well.
Winter hours are by special appointment.
Winter hours are limited.
Winter hours are subject to change without notice.
Winter hours are weather permitting.
Winter hours begin.
Winter hours vary and reservations are needed.
Winter hours vary and some exhibition buildings are closed.
Winter hours vary, and it can get very windy at times so be prepared.
Winter hours vary, best to cal ahead.
Winter hours vary, so call ahead.
Winter hours vary.
A winter jasmine is jasmine
Winter jasmine is a good bank cover.
Winter kill can result in grasses with low tolerance to cold temperatures.
Winter kill is another problem with centipedegrass.
Winter kill is extensive in many fields.
Most winter kill is caused by roots freezing in dry soils.
Winter landscapes provide habitats.
Winter landscapes provide important habitats.
Most winter landscapes provide habitats.
Most winter landscapes provide important habitats.
A winter melon is a vine
Winter melon has a very mild sweet taste.
Winter melon is a pale green squash-like vegetable.
Winter moth is a denizen of woodland trees, especially oak.
Many winter moths burrow under leaf litter in the forest.
Winter mountains are as appealing as summer seas.
Winter night roosting occurs at sites where large numbers of eagles customarily congregate.
Winter nights are cold, way below freezing but days are usually mild with sunshine.
Winter nights are cold.
Winter nights are lovely for staying in by a warm heater and watching good movies.
Winter nights are quiet on the mountain.
Winter nights are quite cool, sometimes reaching below freezing, but the days can warm up nicely.
Winter nights are still.
Winter nights are sub-freezing.
Winter nights can be decidedly cool.
Winter nights can be fairly cold, but days are generally warm and pleasant.
Winter nights can get cold and rain can occur well into spring.
Winter nights conjures up frosty evenings with crisp clear skies and diamond bright stars.
Winter nights drop into the low thirties and high twenties.
Some winter nights are down in the teens and twenties.
Winter operation requires lowering operating temperature to prevent overheating top of eggs.
Winter operations require the highest level of equipment maintenance.
Winter Park abounds in beauty and tradition.
Winter Park boasts one of the best public school systems in Central Florida.
Winter Park composts organic material when appropriate.
Winter Park enjoys the benefits of a bustling metropolis while maintaining a smalltown atmosphere.
Winter Park generates jobs, housing, people and kids.
Winter Park is a community with generally high housing costs.
Winter Park is a definite consideration.
Winter Park is a easy one hour drive from downtown Denver.
Winter Park is a favorite with skiers in eastern Colorado.
Winter Park is a premier mountain biking area west of Denver with an extensive trail system.
Winter Park is a ski resort that is delightful in the summer.
Winter Park is a year-round, high country playground that is unmatched in natural splendor.
Winter Park is about four miles northeast of downtown Orlando.
Winter Park is also the only resort serviced directly by train.
Winter Park is another Colorado resort that offers guided snowshoe tours.
Winter Park is one of Colorado's premier destination for world-class skiing.
Winter Park is one of our nation's most popular tourist and business travel destinations.
Winter Park is the locals favorite.
Winter Park is the perfect place to enjoy a new luxury townhome or condominium.
Winter Park is the resort that is closest to Denver.
Winter Park offers a wide array of hotels for traveling visitors.
Winter Park offers many discount hotels and economy hotel rooms and resorts.
Winter Park offers plenty of options for both.
Winter Park offers skiing, snow shoeing, sledding and other activities in the winter.
Winter Park offers the perfect family entertainment.
Winter Park recycles anti-freeze.
Winter Park recycles mineral spirits.
Winter Park recycles old lifts either through sale, reuse or scrap.
Winter pelage is slightly paler than summer.
Every winter people disappear, presumably from walking on the ice and falling through.
Winter plumage is black with light colored tips on the feathers.
Winter plumage is duller overall without the iridescent gloss, and the legs and feet are darker.
Winter plumage is grayish.
Winter plumage is quite distinct, being mostly white underneath.
Winter plumages look like juvenile plumages.
Winter plumages look like plumages.
Most winter plumages look like juvenile plumages.
Most winter plumages look like plumages.
Winter precipitation falls as rain.
Winter quarter advising day serves as interview day for applicants.
Winter quarter begins the next week, with the beginning of Advent.
Winter quarter covers exterior door and window installation, siding, and soffit trimwork.
Winter quarter is a pilot study of how best to use the rooms.
Winter quarter is a time when both issues are often ignored.
Winter quarter offers a more limited selection.
Winter quarter poses several unique aspects creating confusion for both students and staff.
Winter quarter trudges on here.
Winter radishes come in several shapes and colors and can be stored just as carrots are stored.
Winter radishes keep longer if stored in a cool place.
Winter radishes require a longer growing period than spring radishes.
Winter range includes the southern states and South America.
Winter range is from coastal Mexico south into Central America, west to Panama.
Winter ranges are a different story.
Winter roads can be slippery and treacherous.
Winter rye is a grain product that protects and enriches the soil.
Winter rye is another good choice that is best for late planting.
Winter rye is more common than wheat in northern Nebraska.
Winter rye is often a more profitable crop than oats or barley.
Winter rye is susceptible to snow mold damage and few seedlings survive the winter.
Winter rye is the most hardy of the small grains and a very important winter cover crop.
Winter rye prefers a well drained soil.
Winter rye requires additional work in agronomic techniques in western North Dakota.
A winter savory is savoury
Winter savory is also desirable as an edging plant or in a rock garden.
Winter savory is best suited to slowly cooked dishes like stews.
Winter session includes indoor overnight stays with outdoor camping optional.
Winter session is for special academic programs, research symposia, and other activities.
Winter sites are available by the month.
Winter sites are available for our full hook-up customers.
Winter sites have pit toilets.
Winter snow allows for ski-ing and all other winter sports.
Winter snow brings cross-country skiers to share our hearth and the warmth of our wood stove.
Winter snow covers most grasses, forbs and shrubs.
Winter snow is an important source of water in the spring.
Winter snow is graced As it lay upon the earth By the crocus bloom.
Winter snow is great for seeing what was here.
Winter snow makes an ideal playground for the sports minded.
Winter snow provides highlights on the canyon walls.
Winter snow supports skiing. .
Winter snows are deep and hard, an attraction to cross-country skiers.
Winter snows are fairly frequent, but most events are light and melt off quickly.
Winter snows are fairly frequent, but mostly light and quickly melt away.
Winter snows are frequent on the mountain tops.
Winter snows are generally light and infrequent.
Winter snows are wondrous.
Winter snows bring a different kind of excitement.
Winter snows provide a white coat.
Some winter snow covers areas.
A winter solstice is a solstice
Winter solstice acknowledges the first day of winter, the longest day of the year.
Winter solstice brings the greatest darkness, and summer solstice the brightest light.
Winter Solstice can be a time of playfulness and laughter rooted in anticipation.
Winter solstice descends ice-cold hills.
Winter solstice is notorious for triggering such delayed catharsis.
Winter solstice is still a little off, happening a week after the new moon.
Winter solstice is the day with the fewest hours of sunlight during the whole year.
Winter solstice marks another turn in the dance of light and dark.
Winter solstices are astronomy.
Winter solstices are holidays.
Winter solstices are part of winter.
Winter solstices are solstices.
Most winter solstices are part of winter.
Winter sports abound in the area.
Winter sports abound.
Winter sports are also just an hour away from the center of town.
Winter sports are also popular at the park.
Winter sports are also very popular.
Winter sports are basketball, cheerleading and wrestling.
Winter sports are floor hockey, alpine and nordic skiing and figure and speed skating.
Winter sports are part of our culture.
Winter sports are popular activities with many people in South Dakota.
Winter sports are readily accessible north of the area.
Winter sports are sports.
Winter sports are superb and are easily accessible by train or bus.
Winter sports are the opiate of the masses.
Winter sports are up and running.
Winter sports employ a lot of scientific principles.
Winter sports including snowmobiles, cross-country skiing and downhill are close at hand.
Winter sports is important, despite being less developed.
Many winter sports are available.
Winter springs take over in the later months of the year, becoming our mainstay over the winter.
Winter squash are actually edible gourds.
Winter squash are fun to grow and easy to store.
Winter squash are heavy feeders.
Winter squash are mature when the rind resists thumbnail pressure.
Winter squash are rich, filling and slightly sweet.
Winter squash are very easy to prepare.
Winter squash can be the basis for a rich and filling soup.
Winter squash come in all shapes, colors and sizes.
Winter squash differ greatly in shape, color and size.
Winter squash display a great variety of colors and shapes.
Winter squash has a great dose of thiamine too.
Winter squash has a slightly sweet, nutty flavor and has dark yellow or orange flesh.
Winter squash has creamy flesh.
Winter squash has flesh.
Winter squash has more natural sugars, carbohydrates, and vitamin A than summer squash.
Winter squash has orange flesh.
Winter squash have hard, thick skins and seeds.
Winter squash includes types of pumpkins.
Winter squash is a godsend for banquets and catering.
Winter squash is a very good source of vitamin A and other carotenoids.
Winter squash is a vine
Winter squash is also a source of potassium, niacin, iron and beta carotene.
Winter squash is derived from all four species and is eaten after the fruit has matured.
Winter squash is good steamed, baked, sauteed, and stewed.
Winter squash is ideal for soups because it has a naturally creamy texture when pureed with stock.
Winter squash is just the opposite.
Winter squash is part of winter squash.
Winter squash is squash.
Winter squash is the hard-shelled cousin of the zucchini and summer squash.
Winter squash requires a long, warm growing season.
Winter squashes are an excellent source of beta-carotene.
Winter squashes are calorie bargains.
Winter squashes are easy to store if kept whole, warm, and dry.
Winter squashes are eaten as a vegetable, mashed or in purees, soups, or pies.
Winter squashes are hard-shelled, generally mature in the fall, and can be stored for winter use.
Winter squashes deserve a whole article on their own.
All winter squashes are easy to grow.
Most winter squash has creamy flesh.
Most winter squash has flesh.
Most winter squash has orange flesh.
Most winter squashes are vine-type plants whose fruits are harvested when fully mature.
Winter storage ceases on Memorial Day.
Winter storage covers Heavy duty material and construction.
Winter storage is advisable.
Winter storage is also available.
Winter storage is available.
Winter storage is paid.
Winter storage is permitted with permission of the general manager.
Winter storm moves up East Coast.
Winter storm threatens to disrupt travel plans.
Winter storm watches and warnings remain in effect from Charlotte to Raleigh, North Carolina.
Winter storm watching and longer term rentals are also available.
Winter storms adore an atmosphere that is basically saturated from the ground all the way up.
Winter storms affect areas.
Winter storms are deceptive because most deaths and injuries are indirectly related to the storm.
Winter storms are exciting with high winds and rain.
Winter storms are more likely to track up the Ohio Valley versus the East Coast.
Winter storms batter the headland.
Winter storms begin to sweep down from the north.
Winter storms begin to sweep, down from the north.
Winter storms blow in unexpectedly and fiercely.
Winter storms bring dramatic high winds and heavy rains.
Winter storms bring strong southerly winds over most of the area.
Winter storms can be brutal on power lines.
Winter storms can be very dangerous and even deadly.
Winter storms can blow in suddenly with plummeting temperatures and rain or snow.
Winter storms can bring heavy and torrential rain, which sometimes causes flash floods.
Winter storms can bring high winds as well as heavy snow to the mountains.
Winter storms can bring high winds, heavy snow and river flooding.
Winter Storms can bring ice, snow, and high winds, sometimes without warning.
Winter storms can happen quickly and sometimes without warning.
Winter storms can have impact.
Winter storms can have tremendous impact.
Winter storms can last for several days.
Winter storms can last several days and cause roads to be icy.
Winter storms can make driving and walking extremely hazardous.
Winter storms can make highways treacherous.
Winter storms can occur quickly, without much warning.
Winter storms can significantly elevate tides and create seriously hazardous conditions.
Winter storms cause a lot of damage, too.
Winter storms come from the south and east, and bring cold weather and precipitation.
Winter storms develop chiefly in two areas where the barometric pressures remains low.
Winter storms drop most of their moisture as they cross the Cascade Mountains.
Winter storms frame bridges in snow as flakes float down.
Winter storms happen to some degree every year.
Winter storms hit sites.
Winter storms impact regions.
Winter storms lose their influence on Maui later in the month.
Winter storms open the forest canopy and create snags used by cavity nesting birds.
Winter storms pose a serious challenge.
Winter storms produce a number of hazardous conditions other than snow.
Winter storms tend to track along the jet streams.
Winter storms throw out amber nuggets.
Winter storms vary in duration and severity.
Winter storms wash sand off the beach and often leave a steep profile behind.
All winter storms make walking and driving extremely hazardous.
Many winter storms bring rain to warmer southern areas.
Most winter storms affect areas.
Most winter storms can have impact.
Most winter storms can have tremendous impact.
Most winter storms have a cold side and a warm side.
Most winter storms hit sites.
Most winter storms sweep in from the northwest to southeast, and cold fronts follow.
Some winter storms push air mass.
Some winter storms push arctic air mass.
Some winter storms push mass.
Winter stories work well with the youngest children.
Winter sun can be as dangerous for the skin as summer sun.
Winter sun can cause expansion of the wood, prompting splits and cracks to form.
Winter sun is fine, but avoid direct afternoon sun in the summertime.
Winter sun looks warmer than it feels, so layering is a good idea.
Winter sun requires protection just as does summer sun.
Winter temperature increases summer temperature.
Winter temperature increases temperature.
Winter temperature influences juvenile survival.
Winter temperature influences survival.
Winter temperature limits distribution.
Winter temperature reduces growth.
Winter thunderstorms occur about twice per year.
Winter ticks hatch in the fall and begin to climb aboard their host.
Winter time brings storms, floods, and other disasters.
Winter time can be a very difficult time of survival for many animals.
Winter time can be stormy.
Winter time can be the hardest time of the year to catch carp.
Winter time dying periods, even here in the sunny south, can be very slow.
Winter time is a major wait.
Winter time is for skiing, snowmobiling, fishing and skating.
Winter time is one of the busiest, and one of the most rewarding times of the year.
Winter time is perfect for a relaxing with a glass of fine port.
Winter time is quite often flu season.
Winter time is the always the best.
Winter time is the best season to visit Florida because it's more dry and less hotter.
Winter time is the perfect season to curl-up with a book chosen from our wonderful library.
Winter time is when customers most want their broken rear window defroster repaired.
Winter time provides great snowmobiling.
Winter tires have to be purchased and valuable property has to be insured.
Winter trips are three days.
Winter trips have a special sense of adventure.
Winter trips make memorable experiences.
Winter trips vary from year to year.
All winter trips have availability.
Winter vacation begins at end of day.
Winter vacation begins.
Winter vacation ends.
Winter visitors are casual anywhere in Ohio although a few are usually reported each year.
Winter visitors are casual anywhere in the state .
Winter visitors are casual in southern Ohio and accidental elsewhere.
Winter visitors are casual.
Winter visitors are fairly common - common along Lake Erie but rare inland.
Winter visitors are welcome at all events.
Winter visitors can choose from a variety of activities.
Winter visitors can expect to see a blanket of snow on the ground and the serene forest outside.
Winter visitors can include brent geese, goldeneye, eider, and flocks of snow bunting.
Winter visitors can park outside the entrance and venture anywhere.
Winter visitors enjoy snowmobiling and cross country skiing.
Winter visitors migrate to breeding grounds from northern Washington to Alaska.
Winter visitors say it's their favorite time of the year.
Many winter visitors come and spend the winter next to the spring to bath in the warm water.
Many winter visitors expect a quiet, serene experience, while others prefer a more social setting.
Winter water can be choppy.
Winter weather adds to the challenge.
Winter weather brings a chill, but the formal goes on.
Winter weather brings cold, ice, snow, and high winds to many areas of our country.
Winter weather can aggravate symptoms with inside heat and hot showers, etc.
Winter weather can also provide some good opportunities to get into the weight room.
Winter weather can and does change suddenly.
Winter weather can be cold and snow-fall heavy.
Winter weather can be dangerous or even deadly to a motorist.
Winter weather can be especially tough on roads.
Winter weather can be extremely unpredictable.
Winter weather can be extremelyunpredictable.
Winter weather can be unpredictable and sometimes very cold.
Winter weather can be very cold and windy, even on sunny days.
Winter weather can bring ice, severe snow storms or extreme cold.
Winter weather can change quickly so check the forecast before adventuring outdoors.
Winter weather can create unexpected problems.
Winter weather can kill an unprepared person who is exposed to the elements within minutes.
Winter weather can slow construction.
Winter weather can sometimes be interesting.
Winter weather has a significant impact on our clients in the transportation industry.
Winter weather has adverse effects.
Winter weather has effects.
Winter weather includes occasional snowfalls of several inches.
Winter weather is a good excuse to stay indoors and catch up with neglected workshop projects.
Winter weather is characterized by extreme cold, ice storms, and heavy snow or blizzards.
Winter weather is especially good at forcing water into the home.
Winter weather is generally cool, dry, and windy.
Winter weather is here and full of rain, rain and a little more rain.
Winter weather is mild and misty, with very little snow.
Winter weather is moderate, with lots of snow.
Winter weather is much different.
Winter weather is often responsible for low infestation.
Winter weather is often unpredictable.
Winter weather is quite variable, clear one day, cloudy the next, then rainy storms and rainbows .
Winter weather is right around the corner.
Winter weather is severe, so warm outer wear is essential.
Winter weather is severe.
Winter weather is the main factor that affects Dall sheep numbers.
Winter weather is unpredictable.
Winter weather is variable and heavy snowfalls are common.
Winter weather makes it more difficult to do much flying.
Winter weather poses the biggest threat to the newcomer insects in Texas.
Winter weather prevents continuation of the programs all year round.
Winter weather puts a greater demand on vehicle components.
Winter weather spoils HS tournament.
Winter weather tends to bring out the worst in older cars and trucks.
Most winter weather has adverse effects.
Most winter weather has effects.
Some winter weather affects availability.
Some winter weather kills bison.
Winter weeds invade lawns.
Winter wheat plants grow from roots.
Winter wheat plants resume growth.
Winter wheat accounts for most of the country's wheat produced annually.
Winter wheat can continue to tiller for several weeks.
Winter wheat cultivars frequently have poor winter survival and result in poor yields.
Winter wheat does have a vernalization requirement.
Winter wheat goes through phases.
Winter wheat goes through several phases.
Winter wheat grows rapidly in the fall and early spring when hemp dogbane is inactive.
Winter wheat grows somewhere else.
Winter wheat has almost no risk to fall frost.
Winter wheat has no risk of loss to wheat midge.
Winter wheat Inspect all crops to assess growth stage.
Winter wheat is a good choice to plant in wildlife patches.
Winter wheat is a winter annual and has tremendous competitive advantages over spring annuals.
Winter wheat is affected to a greater degree.
Winter wheat is also a host.
Winter wheat is also a likely host.
Winter wheat is always seeded after spring peas.
Winter wheat is an economically feasible alternative to spring cereals in our crop rotation.
Winter wheat is direct seeded following the legumes.
Winter wheat is generally in the boot stage with some fields having heads partially emerged.
Winter wheat is generally more affected than spring wheat.
Winter wheat is harvested in spring and summer and is primarily used to make bread.
Winter wheat is in head, and at the present time looks healthy from a disease standpoint.
Winter wheat is in the flowering stage or beyond and spring wheat is jointing or more advanced.
Winter wheat is most sensitive to drought during shooting and booting.
Winter wheat is most sensitive to drought stress during shooting and booting.
Winter wheat is most suitable for mid to late season plantings.
Winter wheat is off to a good start.
Winter wheat is one of the major field crops grown in Nebraska, along with corn and soybean.
Winter wheat is planted in autumn and harvested the next summer.
Winter wheat is planted in milder climates, spring wheat in the north.
Winter wheat is planted in the fall and harvested the next spring.
Winter wheat is planted in the fall.
Winter wheat is raised only as an experiment, or on a piece of land especially well protected.
Winter wheat is the best first crop for southern Nebraska.
Winter wheat is the best small grain to use for relay intercropping.
Winter wheat is the major cash crop.
Winter wheat is the most common small grain grown in east central and southern Nebraska.
Winter wheat is the principal small grain.
Winter wheat is variable.
Winter wheat is yellowing, due to excess moisture.
Winter wheat looks good.
Winter wheat looks well.
Winter wheat needs two or three months of cold temperature before flowering.
Winter wheat occupies a significant position in all the cropping systems discussed above.
Winter wheat planted after the Hessian fly-free date usually escapes fall infection by the virus.
Winter wheat remains mostly in fair to good condition throughout the state .
Winter wheat responding to rain, but progress is slow.
Winter wheat responses to bird cherry-oat aphids and barley yellow dwarf virus infection.
Winter wheat sprouts and grows in the fall.
Winter wheat works well when direct seeding into standing stubble of barley silage or early canola.
Winter wheats vary in resistance.
Most winter wheat goes through phases.
Most winter wheat goes through several phases.
Most winter wheat is planted in a rotation following soybeans.
Some winter wheat has nodes.
Some winter wheat is grown as a cash crop.
Winter wind pushes seeds.
Winter winds are common, and in the summer hurricanes sometimes happen.
Winter winds are some of the most vicious in the Mediterranean.
Winter winds blow through town, giving flight to all kinds of creative expression.
Winter winds can be bitter and relentless.
Winter winds can be especially troublesome to evergreens.
Winter winds can deform dishes when mounting hardware is loose or missing.
Winter winds can lower the thermometer temperature causing body parts to freeze quickly.
Winter winds can remove a large amount of heat from the dwelling.
Winter winds can whip and severely damage unprotected plants.
Winter winds have a drying effect on the small twigs and buds of many plants.
Winter winds stir passions deep within can love really be a mortal sin.
Winter winds whistling through overlooked openings can quickly freeze exposed water pipes.
Winter Wolves are the most dangerous of the wolf species.
Winter wolves can use their breath weapon while biting.
A winter wren is a bird
Winter wrens are reddish-brown with very fine bars of lighter color.
Winter adds a whole new dimension to trailside snacking and meal preparation.
Winter adds snowmachining, cross-country skiing and dog sledding.
Winter adds the extra excitement of cross-country skiing, snowshoeing, and other snow sports.
Winter admirably writes in direct and accessible language.
Winter again sees the maxima occurring most often in the boundary layer.
Winter aids the force in another way as well.
Winter also brings bald eagles and tundra swans to the refuge.
Winter also brings flu season, which can be dangerous because fevers can quickly dehydrate the body.
Winter also coincides with their mating season.
Winter also comes with fierce dust storms, called kaus .
Winter also has excellent fishing and snowmobiling.
Winter also has many activities and attractions.
Winter also has subtle and dramatic displays of color.
Winter also has the fewest rainy days.
Winter also holds another potential problem drafts.
Winter also is a good time to recover from injuries sustained in the summer or to try something new.
Winter also is colic weather.
Winter also remains a solid singer of the people.
Winter also suggests nesting and an insular feeling.
Winter also supplies some very good fly fishing opportunities.
Winter also takes a heavy toll on lambs and young immature sheep.
Winter also teaches that actions have consequences.
Winter appears to be over.
Winter applies a delicate dusting of snow to the patchwork of roof tiles.
Winter approaches alarmingly quickly.
Winter approaches, and there is little food to be found.
Winter approaches, but the family is comfortable and well fed.
Winter approaches, however, and the polar night is advancing over the high latitudes.
Winter are cold with snow.
Winter are short and mild, while summers are long, warm and beautiful.
Winter arrives and on nights when the temperature drops below zero, the owner turns on the heat.
Winter arrives early, framing the lake in the stunning backdrop of a snow-covered forest.
Winter arrives with a heavy blanket of snow and serenity reigns over all.
Winter arrives with cold and snow.
Winter attempts, but no ascents.
Winter attracts aggressive, hands on, goal oriented, and innovative individuals.
Winter awaits, for a few months yet at least.
Winter beginning to bite is a further complication.
Winter begins around the winter solstice.
Winter begins early here in the high country.
Winter begins in the Northern Hemisphere, summer in the Southern Hemisphere.
Winter blankets the earth and for some, is a time of rest.
Winter blows in isolation and despair as the frigid morning fog rolls across the basin swamp.
Winter blows low oboe notes through the reeds.
Winter break Preliminary investigations for project.
Winter breaks as well as summer holidays.
Winter breaks in the West Country.
Winter breaks offers.
Winter brings a bounty of snow and an abundance of cold weather sports.
Winter brings a change in the availability of natural food.
Winter brings a change to darker or golden colors that are etched by snow.
Winter brings a climatological turnabout.
Winter brings a different kind of beauty to the landscapes of Canada.
Winter brings a good deal of snow and thus the county becomes a center for skiing and winter sports.
Winter brings a harsh chill to Shanghai, Hangzhou and other southern cities.
Winter brings a hoary coat of frost that turns the landscape to a tranquil silent white.
Winter brings a mix of management decisions over methods to feed a crop.
Winter brings a snap to the air, deep blue to the sky and a blanket of snow to the mountain tops.
Winter brings a stillness and ignites creativity.
Winter brings a time to hibernate by many of Colorado's animal and plant kingdoms.
Winter brings a unique beauty, and is less severe than in much of Canada.
Winter brings a wide array of holiday decor.
Winter brings a wide variety of sporting of activities.
Winter brings abundant snow and a whole different variety of outdoor opportunities.
Winter brings an agonizing choice.
Winter brings bad weather, short days, and closer confinement.
Winter brings blankets of snow for snowshoeing, skiing and snowmobiling.
Winter brings cold and flu epidemics, as well as snowboard injuries.
Winter brings cold temperatures and possible snow at all elevations, so plan accordingly.
Winter brings cold weather and a chance of snow.
Winter brings cold weather that freezes the waterways.
Winter brings concerts and skiing.
Winter brings considerable snowfall to higher elevations.
Winter brings cool to blizzard conditions with extreme temperature variations.
Winter brings cross county skiing on our own groomed trails.
Winter brings cross-country skiers and snowmobilers to tackle the hilly terrain.
Winter brings cross-country skiing, ice fishing, skating, snowmobiling, snowshoeing and tobogganing.
Winter brings cross-country skiing, snowshoeing, skating and sledding.
Winter brings dangerously high surf, especially to the west and north coasts.
Winter brings day after day of clear blue skies.
Winter brings day after day of short-sleeve weather and clear blue skies.
Winter brings death.
Winter brings deep snows and great skiing.
Winter brings disease to the yards.
Winter brings enthusiasts for ice fishing, snowmobiling, and cross country-skiing.
Winter brings excellent snowmobile and skiing conditions.
Winter brings exceptional cross country skiing as well as traditional downhill.
Winter brings exciting skiing and ice fishing.
Winter brings exposures to viruses and flu.
Winter brings fantastic snowmobiling, skiing and ice fishing.
Winter brings Florida the dry season and mild, sunny days that are perfect for being outdoors.
Winter brings freezing temperatures with some snow and chilling wind.
Winter brings frequent storms with heavy snowfall and strong winds from the east and northeast.
Winter brings frost in some places but no snowfall.
Winter brings gentle rain showers around Cape Town and the West Coast.
Winter brings great snow activities such as skiing and snowboarding.
Winter brings heavy rains and strong winds.
Winter brings heavy snow and great winter sports to the area.
Winter brings heavy snow and opportunities for snowmobiling, cross-country skiing and ice fishing.
Winter brings heavy snow at times, and temperatures can drop well below freezing.
Winter brings hunting, skiing, ice fishing and snowmobiling.
Winter brings ice fishermen from all over.
Winter brings ice fishing on the bay.
Winter brings ice fishing when our bay freezes across.
Winter brings icy winds.
Winter brings in birds from as far as Siberia.
Winter brings it's own brand of exhilarating delights.
Winter brings just enough snow for the kids to have fun, but adults can still get around.
Winter brings long harsh climates for the fawn to endure.
Winter brings many things, for example, it provides opportunities to study dung.
Winter brings massive movements of blackbirds and robins to the swamp.
Winter brings men's and women's basketball.
Winter brings migratory visitors.
Winter brings mild, crystal clear days and crisp, star-lit nights.
Winter brings much colder temperatures, with strong winds, ice and some snow.
Winter brings no re- lief.
Winter brings occasional rains but few storms.
Winter brings occasional snowfalls.
Winter brings on shorter days and longer nights.
Winter brings on the adventure of experiencing the mountains on snowmobiles or cross-country skiis.
Winter brings opportunities for skiing, sledding, or snowmobiling.
Winter brings out cross country skiers, snowmobiles, and snowshoe enthusiasts.
Winter brings out the skis, skates and toboggans.
Winter brings out the worst in automobiles.
Winter brings periodic snow closures.
Winter brings powerful forces of change, though.
Winter brings silence to the hills for cross-country skiers.
Winter brings skiers and snowmobilers to the many trails and nearby winter sports facilities.
Winter brings skiers from around the world to experience the world renowned Utah powder.
Winter brings skiing, skating, ice fishing, and hockey.
Winter brings skiing, skating, ice fishing, small game hunting and snowmobiling.
Winter brings skiing, snowshoeing, and snowmobiling, as well as ice fishing and rabbit hunting.
Winter brings snow and bitterly cold temperatures.
Winter brings snow covered trails, cross country skiing and deer sightings .
Winter brings snow on at least a few occasions.
Winter brings snow to the hills, perfect for tobogganing and sledding.
Winter brings snow to the mountains and cold air to the desert valley.
Winter brings snow, and summers tend to be on the mildly warm side.
Winter brings snow, and with it.
Winter brings snow, ice, holidays and the common cold.
Winter brings snowboarding, skiing, snowmobiling, and snowshoeing.
Winter brings snowmobiling, cross country and downhill ski areas are an easy commute.
Winter brings snowmobiling, cross-country skiing and ice fishing.
Winter brings solitude, snow fall and winter sports .
Winter brings some relief, but the lagoons are too large to freeze over completely.
Winter brings sparrows, raptors and accidentals that stray off their migration route.
Winter brings special discomforts to the people of Prague.
Winter brings strong winds, severe cold, and snow.
Winter brings the abundant powder snowfall that Colorado is famous for.
Winter brings the beauty of fresh clean snow when much of the rest of the state sees only cold rain.
Winter brings the dry months and a time for migrating and native birds to nest and reproduce.
Winter brings the Extreme Skiing Championships to Crested Butte.
Winter brings the opportunity to ice fish on the lakes.
Winter brings the rain and snow that fill streambeds, turning rocky gorges into rushing torrents.
Winter brings the return of data networking classes.
Winter brings the shanties and the tradition of weekends devoted to ice fishing.
Winter brings the snows that lay in the high country for months on end, sometimes years.
Winter brings the warmth of friends gathering around a cozy fire.
Winter brings thousands of black ducks, brant and snow geese.
Winter brings thousands of sandhill cranes to Soda Lake.
Winter brings tolerable temperatures and awe-inspiring scenery.
Winter brings tremendous numbers of raptors to fields along the Scott River.
Winter brings wind with a voice and fingers that reach through windows.
Winter brings with it many colds and flu's.
Winter brings with it plenty of snow for cross-country skiing and snowmobiling fun.
Winter browsing stimulates new vegetative growth in spring, even on dry rangelands.
Winter browsing stimulates new vegetative growth in the spring, even on dry rangeland.
Winter burning bighorn sheep range a proposed strategy.
Winter call ahead.
Winter call or take a chance.
Winter calls for patience, teaches patience, offers patience.
Winter calls sound more like a series of churry buzzes.
Winter can also be a great time to visit our hotel.
Winter can be a beautiful and enjoyable season.
Winter can be a beautiful time of year.
Winter can be a difficult time for houseplants.
Winter can be a good time to view deer because they are often concentrated at lower elevations.
Winter can be a good time to view deer because they are often concentrated in deer yards.
Winter can be a great time to fish the lake without all of the traffic that summer brings.
Winter can be a hard time for people in the north.
Winter can be a heartbreaker for wet, soggy or frozen-grounded gardeners.
Winter can be a lonely time for many.
Winter can be a stressful period and the monarchs that survive are often in poor condition.
Winter can be a test.
Winter can be a time of great stress on all wildlife.
Winter can be a tough paddle out.
Winter can be a trying time, with ice, snow, and biting winds.
Winter can be a very difficult time of year for deer, especially in the north.
Winter can be a very tough time for wildlife although some fare better than others.
Winter can be an enchanting fairyland of snow and romantic fireside gatherings.
Winter can be bitterly cold though the country looks very pretty covered in a blanket of snow.
Winter can be bitterly cold with temperatures dipping well below zero and a drizzle is never far.
Winter can be chilly and summer is brutally hot.
Winter can be cold - into minus temperature's at night.
Winter can be cold and rainy, summer can be hot.
Winter can be cold, but most days are mild.
Winter can be cold, rainy with the possibility of snow in some areas.
Winter can be enjoyable when the trail is dry.
Winter can be extremely cold with temperatures reaching as low as minus centigrade.
Winter can be hard on boats.
Winter can be harsh, particularly in the mountainous regions.
Winter can be lots a of fun, but unfortunately, there are some associated potential dangers.
Winter can be mighty cold.
Winter can be one of the most exciting times of the year.
Winter can be peaceful and quiet with snow underfoot and northern lights overhead.
Winter can be pleasant when dry conditions persist.
Winter can be quite cool and clothes tend to be more formal.
Winter can be severely cold, as in Wisconsin, but is less so closer to the ocean.
Winter can be severely cold.
Winter can be slow, bird-wise, and it's also rather cold.
Winter can be so long.
Winter can be such a hard mistress to love.
Winter can be the driest season when there are warm breaks in the weather.
Winter can be the hottest season of the year when winds abate.
Winter can be the most beautiful season in Korea.
Winter can be the perfect time to visit a trout park.
Winter can be tough on Iowa's trees and shrubs.
Winter can be very challenging for animals.
Winter can be very cold but one can adapt very quickly if one has never experience winter.
Winter can be very cold, with snow and ice.
Winter can be very cold.
Winter can be very hard on bison.
Winter can be wonderful.
Winter can bring dramatic storms with high winds and driving rains.
Winter can bring rains - but nothing like some other parts of the country.
Winter can bring very cold water and strong winds.
Winter can bring very cold water temperatures and hazardous trail conditions.
Winter can bring very cold weather to the central plateau.
Winter can cause other problems.
Winter can do that to people.
Winter can easily dip below freezing and can offer enough snow for cross-country skiing.
Winter can even offer a new, intriguing view of parks that are known as summertime favorites.
Winter can get very cold in both the deserts and mountains of Arizona.
Winter can make rural roads impassable.
Winter can play havoc with water systems.
Winter can see a few days below freezing, with unpredictable rains.
Winter can sometimes be a little depressing for people.
Winter can sometimes do damage to a grill kept outside.
Winter can vary greatly from one season to the next.
Winter causes a desire to knits.
Winter causes a desire to skates.
Winter causes a desire to skis.
Winter challenges wildlife with frigid temperatures and the cessation of plant growth.
Winter changes the mountain's character completely.
Winter changes the scenery entirely, making many sites seen earlier in the year unrecognizable.
Winter climbing in New Hampshire is a great stepping stone.
Winter Come enjoy our on-slope bar and patisserie.
Winter Come have fun at our on-slope ice skating rink.
Winter comes after autumn and is before spring.
Winter comes again and the process repeats continually.
Winter comes alive with skiing and snowmobiling on some of the top trails in the state.
Winter comes along and the awning is taken down to let in the warm sunlight.
Winter comes and goes.
Winter comes and they get really cold.
Winter comes but once a year, And when it comes it brings the doctor good cheer.
Winter comes early and blankets the area with snow.
Winter comes early and stays late.
Winter comes early with much snow.
Winter comes quickly to the Arctic.
Winter comes quickly.
Winter comes soon and with it, our retreat into the warmth of our homes.
Winter comes to a whitebark pine stand in Yellowstone National Park, Wyoming.
Winter comes to Antarctica when it is summer in the Northern Hemisphere.
Winter comes tomorrow, quietly.
Winter comes upon the land in the North, the South welcomes summer.
Winter comes, and the vine is cut back to the very stem.
Winter comes, spring comes, clouds form, rain falls.
Winter completes the cycle.
Winter connotes the chill of rapidly receding years and ultimate death.
Winter continues to drag on and the thrill of the first beautiful snowfalls is pretty well over.
Winter cover crop X zucchini squash.
Winter cover crops and nitrogen management in sweet corn and broccoli rotations.
Winter cover crops for nematode control in okra.
Winter cover crops help protect the soil from excessive water and wind erosion.
Winter cover crops or crop rotations enhance both soil and weed management.
Winter cover crops such as oats or rye have long been used as green manures.
Winter cover crops to minimize nitrate losses in intensive lettuce production.
Winter covers the surrounding mountains and village with a blanket of tranquility.
Winter creates a special feeling in the Highlands.
Winter creeps in up here.
Winter creeps in.
Winter cross country ski tours.
Winter definitely becomes spring.
Winter dens - The most commonly used winter dens are in hollow trees.
Winter dens usually consist of six females and their young.
Winter depressives gain weight, crave carbohydrates, and their libido pales.
Winter details the malign and desirable ingredients in a great many preparations.
Winter dies the same way every spring.
Winter Discuss the kinds of footwear for different kinds of weather.
Winter discusses and describes the reasons for and process of action research.
Winter draw down.
Winter driving Planning and preparation are key to cold weather travel.
Winter driving safety is everyone's responsiblity.
Winter driving The season poses special challenges for highway travel across much of North America.
Winter drying in some years and locations can cause severe leader damage and dieback.
Winter drying is a problem of all evergreens.
Winter drying is more likely to occur on sensitive species planted in an exposed location.
Winter drying is the most common cause of injury to pines.
Winter embraces alpine and cross-country skiing, snowboarding and snowmobiling.
Winter emphasizes the massive trunks and the height of the huge trees.
Winter eventually becomes spring.
Winter falls on that part of the globe where sunlight strikes least directly .
Winter falls on that part of the globe where sunlight strikes least directly.
Winter falls there, the worst of all plagues.
Winter features different outdoor activities.
Winter features dog sledding, skiing and snowmobiling.
Winter feels like warm, cozy quilts, cold wind, wet, and slippery.
Winter finds folks ice-skating on the frozen surface of the pond.
Winter finds guests at The Homestead taking to Bay Mountain s ski slopes.
Winter finds the family skiing at various New England locales.
Winter finds the six younger brothers pining for the girls for whom they had fallen fast and hard.
Winter finds the trees bare and gray against the sky.
Winter fishing through the ice produces excellent catches of pike, northern and perch.
Winter flowering heathers are an outstanding source of winter colour in the Pacific Northwest.
Winter focuses on the report's discussion of the risk from methyl parathion.
Winter followed by summer are the slower seasons.
Winter follows harvest and throughout the year the farm's store is open weekends.
Winter forages making good progress.
Winter freezes out unity rally.
Winter fuel enough for all, adequate for every squall arising from the waking giant.
Winter generally goes without rains.
Winter Get out and enjoy all the activities that winter has to offer.
Winter gets downright chilly when temperatures dip well below freezing.
Winter gets some snow, but it doesn t usually last.
Winter gets the most fronts, is colder, but gives some very exciting sailing days.
Winter gives good snow skiing, ice fishing, and snowmobiling.
Winter go, spring come.
Winter goes North.
Winter goes very quickly for the airshow performer.
Winter goose hunting example.
Winter grassfires on the Canadian Prairies.
Winter grouping allows for mutual warmth-sharing, allowing a further northern range.
Winter habitat for elk is referred to as winter range.
Winter habitats less diverse than summer.
Winter happens to be prime time to see it.
Winter has (part) winter solstices.
Winter has a profound effect on the formation as well.
Winter has blizzards, howling winds, the whiteness of snow and the dazzle of ice.
Winter has come, the garden is dormant and the tools are put away.
Winter has come, the sun is too weak.
Winter has distinct weather conditions.
Winter has effects.
Winter has less vegetation fewer hunters.
Winter has many faces in the mountains.
Winter has many surprises for the discerning gardener but the gardens are closed then.
Winter has many surprises for the discerning gardener.
Winter has more cloud problem potential.
Winter has no place when it is spring.
Winter has several cold spells.
Winter has severe effects.
Winter has short daylight hours and summer has short night hours.
Winter has shorter days and less sunlight.
Winter has some the tightest styles of clothing to sport.
Winter has the fewest visitors.
Winter has the inner bay when frozen, full of ice fishing huts.
Winter has the most beautiful climate and temperatures in the valley regions.
Winter has ton's of snow for fun.
Winter has variation.
Winter has yet to arrive.
Winter helps a child learn to prioritize.
Winter helps teach a child the meaning of inappropriate or dangerous behavior.
Winter heralds the season of theater, concerts, museums, dance, cinema and opera.
Winter here is cold but usually sunny.
Winter here is more than a physical climate, it is also a psychic climate.
Winter here is much like summer in central and southern Japan.
Winter here is the real thing.
Winter hiking in the White Mountains is a strenuous and serious undertaking.
Winter historically is the prime season in Korea for making kimchi.
Winter holds moving waterfowl and winter finches are possible.
Winter however is dark and can be very cold.
Winter includes cross country skiing, snowmobiling, and ice fishing.
Winter includes dogsledding, skiing and snowmobiling.
Winter induces a lack of appetite in conjunction with the amount of available food.
Winter influences on energy reserves of Atlantic salmon.
Winter insists that such predictions are based on sound calculations.
Winter intensifies the wet autumn pattern.
Winter Introduces the design of the business environment.
Winter is a also great time to create a brush pile.
Winter is a bad thing.
Winter is a bear on naked lips.
Winter is a beautiful time of year in Wyoming's mountains.
Winter is a big deal in Grand Lake.
Winter is a big time for colds.
Winter is a bit more humble.
Winter is a curved line with zig- zags falling from it for snow.
Winter is a dangerous time for a reptile.
Winter is a dangerous time for deer.
Winter is a delight to the eyes.
Winter is a demanding time of year.
Winter is a different story.
Winter is a difficult period for the caribou.
Winter is a difficult time for all animals, and insects are no exception.
Winter is a difficult time for birds in New Brunswick.
Winter is a difficult time for trees.
Winter is a dormant time, a time when all living things withdraw.
Winter is a double-edged sword for the birds.
Winter is a fairly static period because of freezing temperatures and lake ice.
Winter is a fantastic time to visit, with crisp, clear air and often clear blue skies with sunshine.
Winter is a far from finished assaulting our landscape plants.
Winter is a favorite time for whale watchers and storm watchers.
Winter is a fickle mistress for amateur astronomers.
Winter is a force to be reckoned with here.
Winter is a free agent trying to land a spot on the squad.
Winter is a frosty wonderland full of regal beauty.
Winter is a fun time also, but the activities are limited.
Winter is a fun time.
Winter is a good season for skiing, snowball fights, and sledding.
Winter is a good time for school plays and concerts.
Winter is a good time to build continuous swimming endurance below threshold.
Winter is a good time to clean up the rose bed.
Winter is a good time to drive one the dunes because there are fewer vehicles.
Winter is a good time to focus on gardens and flowers.
Winter is a good time to go snow skiing.
Winter is a good time to leave the car at home and take transit.
Winter is a good time to nursery hop - looking for new material to train and enjoy next year.
Winter is a good time to prepare for the coming growing season.
Winter is a good time to review the basics of fertilization.
Winter is a good time to see deer, especially bucks, and, occasionally, a wild turkey.
Winter is a good time to start allergy shots to get ready for the upcoming allergy season.
Winter is a good time to think about potholes.
Winter is a good time to visit our desert areas.
Winter is a good time to visit.
Winter is a good time to watch wildlife.
Winter is a great time for holiday shopping at many outlet centers in the area.
Winter is a great time for outdoor activities at the lodges and resorts in Ontario.
Winter is a great time for planting trees.
Winter is a great time of year to spot Maine wildlife.
Winter is a great time of year to take a walk and collect things.
Winter is a great time on the trails whether nordic skiing, snowshoeing, or even winter camping.
Winter is a great time to begin a garden journal.
Winter is a great time to catalog shop for bare root plants.
Winter is a great time to develop a good base with long, slow enjoyable runs with friends.
Winter is a great time to explore.
Winter is a great time to learn how to climb.
Winter is a great time to learn more about gardening.
Winter is a great time to make homemade bird feeders with simple, everyday ingredients.
Winter is a great time to read a good book.
Winter is a great time to see manatees congregated together in large numbers on the coldest days.
Winter is a great time to start something completely new and different.
Winter is a great time to study temperature microclimates.
Winter is a great time to try a variety of activities.
Winter is a hard time for most gardeners.
Winter is a hard time for the critters who reside there.
Winter is a hard time when many animals die of starvation.
Winter is a harsh season for quail.
Winter is a heavy blanket of white snow under bright blue skies.
Winter is a horrible season.
Winter is a interesting time here, the snowbirds leave and the snowbunnies appear.
Winter is a just but stern supervisor of chess literature.
Winter is a lean time for shellfishermen.
Winter is a little rough here.
Winter is a magical and glorious time.
Winter is a magical time of year that lends itself to many different science discoveries.
Winter is a magical time when the park is serenely ruled by the forces of nature.
Winter is a memory and the moon shines over the two holy rivers.
Winter is a metaphor for hard times.
Winter is a natural time to settle and go inward.
Winter is a nice time of year.
Winter is a particularly good time to collect many pupae.
Winter is a particularly good time to take in the arts in Seattle.
Winter is a peaceful time in Lakeland, everywhere is quieter.
Winter is a peaceful time with occasional snowfalls clothing mountains in shimmering white.
Winter is a perfect time to use primarily nymph flies when fishing.
Winter is a personality and social psychologist with a special interest in political psychology.
Winter is a quiet time as the wetlands rest and wait for spring to return.
Winter is a quiet time.
Winter is a quieter time in Jackson.
Winter is a quit time and a winter wonderland in Yellowstone for the truly adventerous.
Winter is a relief when it arrives.
Winter is a risky time for otters.
Winter is a safe time to mail.
Winter is a season of cold grace.
Winter is a season of drought because all the available water is tied up in ice or snow.
Winter is a season of great joy.
Winter is a season of rest and endurance.
Winter is a season of ski.
Winter is a season that has many celebrations and symbols for many people.
Winter is a season to be happy.
Winter is a season
Winter is a seemingly inactive season that holds great potential like women.
Winter is a series of rich prose poems, disguised as letters.
Winter is a slow time for recruiting PAs.
Winter is a sociable time for trumpeter swans, but in late winter the swan families drift apart.
Winter is a special season and an exceptional experience.
Winter is a special season.
Winter is a special time for recreation vehicle owners.
Winter is a special time in our harbor.
Winter is a special time with a wide variety of winter sports for the outdoor enthusiast.
Winter is a stressful time for squirrels due to cold temperatures and the scarcity of food.
Winter is a stressful time for wildlife as their sources of food disappear.
Winter is a stressful time for wildlife in snow country.
Winter is a time for brilliant blue skies and crisp, clear days.
Winter is a time for dreaming.
Winter is a time for family gatherings and curling up with a book.
Winter is a time for indoor projects.
Winter is a time for solitude on the river.
Winter is a time of dormancy for cacti so water atleast once a month.
Winter is a time of drought and fire, and saltwater penetrates farther inland.
Winter is a time of fun and adventure.
Winter is a time of getting still and introspective, a time for remembering yesterday.
Winter is a time of great solitude, astonishing beauty, and surprisingly little snow.
Winter is a time of great stress.
Winter is a time of many unusual celebrations around the world.
Winter is a time of reduced activity.
Winter is a time of rest for trees and trees begin to get ready.
Winter is a time of transition.
Winter is a time to observe and study crystals, especially as they appear in beautiful snowflakes.
Winter is a time to plan the spring and summer garden.
Winter is a time to relax and either head for the ski slopes or do a little cross-country skiing.
Winter is a time when flowers bloom in profusion and rain is infrequent.
Winter is a time when tree work can be plentiful and profitable if it's sought out and planned.
Winter is a time where many people virtually hibernate and cover up their less than perfect eating.
Winter is a tough go in Willard.
Winter is a trying time to die.
Winter is a very important developmental tool.
Winter is a whole different ball game.
Winter is a wonderful season.
Winter is a wonderful time of year, and one season that our young tour guides love.
Winter is a wonderful time of year, it is a time for settling in, and getting ready to start a new.
Winter is a wonderful time to build a snowman.
Winter is a wonderful time to explore new and exciting topics.
Winter is a wonderful time to visit.
Winter is a wonderland in Temple.
Winter is about to begin.
Winter is active with many sport and recreational opportunities.
Winter is actually a rather unspectacular time of year to see the Milky Way band.
Winter is alive and well at Marmot Basin.
Winter is almost here.
Winter is almost over, and the trees are starting to burst into life.
Winter is also a fascinating time, with the city sometimes wrapped in fog and fewer tourists about.
Winter is also a good time to check the surrounding treelines and grassfields for landbirds.
Winter is also a good time to heal nagging injuries by cross training.
Winter is also a good time to offer suet for insect eating birds.
Winter is also a good time to spot the snowy owl.
Winter is also a good time to stock up on supplies.
Winter is also a great time to create a brush pile.
Winter is also a great time to place homemade cover to hold fish when the grass grows back.
Winter is also a great time to put together a maintenance calendar for existing landscape plantings.
Winter is also a great time to view a variety of hardy songbirds at the park's bird feeders.
Winter is also a romantic time on the coast.
Winter is also a special time with warm cozy lodgings nestled in a winter wonderland.
Winter is also a time of reflection, of hibernation and death.
Winter is also a time that many people deal with depression, stress and loneliness.
Winter is also a time to prepare for next season.
Winter is also a time when snow and ice storms frequently occur.
Winter is also a time when the underlying structure of things becomes much clearer.
Winter is also bare root season.
Winter is also hard on leather interiors.
Winter is also ideal for travellers seeking warmth and sunshine.
Winter is also mild with very short daylight hours and long cold periods.
Winter is also the best time for animal viewing.
Winter is also the best time to view the abundant wildlife of our area.
Winter is also the peak of the theater season and generally has fewer tourists.
Winter is also the perfect time for spotting snow leopard, wolves etc.
Winter is also the season for mating.
Winter is also the time for a new begin.
Winter is also the time of year when people use space heaters.
Winter is also the time when fertilizers and organic matter are added to the soil.
Winter is also usually delightful.
Winter is always a time of famine in the wilderness.
Winter is always over in California.
Winter is among a growing number of people who are tapping into the healing powers of music.
Winter is an excellent time for taking nature walks in the Smoky Mountains.
Winter is an excellent time to enjoy the Garden's indigenous forest.
Winter is an excellent time to photograph scenery and wildlife.
Winter is an excellent time to plant trees and shrubs.
Winter is an excellent time to plant trees, when they are dormant.
Winter is an excellent time to stay updated using email.
Winter is an exhilarating time of year to visit and enjoy both the birds and the scenery.
Winter is an incredible time to view deer in their winter habitat.
Winter is anchored bait.
Winter is another extreme.
Winter is another matter altogether.
Winter is around the corner.
Winter is artistry of a very high order.
Winter is as good a time as any to start.
Winter is at our door.
Winter is at right.
Winter is back, and it didn t bring last year's mild manners.
Winter is back, and with a vegengance.
Winter is bade farewell, and as Spring approaches, it's a time to think of love.
Winter is be too cold for camping outside.
Winter is beautiful, but the climate is harsh and it's hard to watch weak animals suffer.
Winter is best for a visit with less people and an intimate setting.
Winter is best for bird watching, when migrating geese, ducks, and swans arrive from the north.
Winter is best for it.
Winter is best for warm but comfortable weather, but the wind tends to blow quite a bit.
Winter is best for watching the hardy birds struggle to survive and to watch feather changes.
Winter is best time to view eagles in Missouri.
Winter is bitter cold with heavy snow.
Winter is bitter.
Winter is bitterly cold and is influenced primarily by the Siberian air mass.
Winter is boring.
Winter is brief and mild.
Winter is busy near the ski areas but quiet in the summer communities.
Winter is but a cold reprise.
Winter is by far the best time of year to experience California's diverse wildlife.
Winter is by far the longest season with bitterly cold temperatures.
Winter is by far the most delicious season.
Winter is caused by the axis of the Earth in that hemisphere being oriented away from the Sun.
Winter is characterised by substantial snowfalls, particularly in northern and mountainous regions.
Winter is characterized by clear blue skies and low humidity.
Winter is chilly and snow often blankets the mountains.
Winter is chilly with cold rain and snow.
Winter is closer to being over than ever.
Winter is cold and dry, as strong air masses flow east from Siberia.
Winter is cold and dry, with occasional snow.
Winter is cold and it snows in many places.
Winter is cold and old books collect dust.
Winter is cold and snowy, especially in the Ardennes.
Winter is cold and snowy.
Winter is cold and summer is hot.
Winter is cold and there is less food around.
Winter is cold and wet, and lends itself to snuggling-up by the fire.
Winter is cold and windy.
Winter is cold, often bleak and museums and other tourist sights are often closed.
Winter is cold.
Winter is cold.
Winter is colder because the earth's axis is tilted.
Winter is comfortable but cooler and outerwear is often needed to fend off the chill.
Winter is considered a slow time for such accommodations.
Winter is consistently below freezing with plenty of snow.
Winter is cool and moist and summer is warm and dry.
Winter is cool and moist, and summer is warm and dry.
Winter is cool in the South, and snow can even be seen in some towns.
Winter is cool to cold, possible snow at times.
Winter is cool to cold.
Winter is cool, but mild and rather wet.
Winter is cool.
Winter is cooler and rainier.
Winter is cooler with occasional rainfall.
Winter is crisp and clean.
Winter is dark and cold, but in the summer there is no night at all and climate is mild.
Winter is dead.
Winter is definitely here in many parts of the country.
Winter is definitely here.
Winter is definitely the longest season.
Winter is definitely the time for ear muffs in stead of ear plugs.
Winter is definitely the time to go.
Winter is different.
Winter is drawing in, it s the start of the dry .
Winter is dreaded, and warm sunshine longed for, since it brings hope and power.
Winter is drier and colder, with considerably less sunshine.
Winter is drier than average in Oregon and Washington.
Winter is dry, with moderate snowfall.
Winter is enjoyed for the skiing, alpine and nordic.
Winter is especially crucial for the cats, who are deep-snow specialists.
Winter is especially dangerous.
Winter is especially ideal for flats fishing action.
Winter is exciting and cold.
Winter is exciting skiing.
Winter is exhilarated by digital technology.
Winter is extreme, long and cold.
Winter is extreme.
Winter is far from over.
Winter is fast approaching, and every day that passes makes their journey more dangerous.
Winter is fast approaching, and with it comes the end of many beloved playground sports.
Winter is fast approaching.
Winter is few people s favorite season.
Winter is filled with fun snow-filled activities.
Winter is filled with opportunity for growth and discovery, of challenge and fulfillment.
Winter is filled with opportunity for growth and discovery, with challenge and fulfillment.
Winter is filled with snowy events, festivals and carnivals.
Winter is finally here and lots of WLCstudents are enjoying the winter.
Winter is finally here.
Winter is finally over.
Winter is followed by spring.
Winter is for basketball practices and games.
Winter is for skiing, snowmobiling and cultural pursuits.
Winter is for soul-searching.
Winter is for warming up with memorable meals and pub crawls.
Winter is full of fun activities like ice skating, skiing, snowmobiling and much more.
Winter is full of funny, little surprises.
Winter is fun for ice fishing and sleding.
Winter is fun time.
Winter is generally mild and peaceful.
Winter is generally mild and species are quite predictable.
Winter is generally mild with long nights and short days.
Winter is generally mild with occasional light snowfall.
Winter is generally mild.
Winter is generally moderate, but extreme conditions occur with increasing elevation.
Winter is generally very mild.
Winter is generally warm.
Winter is good for a swim emphasis for most people.
Winter is good story-telling time.
Winter is great for down hill and cross country skiing as well as many other winter activites.
Winter is great for ice fishing, ice skating, and snowmobiling.
Winter is great in Montana.
Winter is grey and misty.
Winter is hard for the detachment.
Winter is hard on everyone and everything, it seems, and that includes indoor plants.
Winter is hard on hope.
Winter is hard on plants.
Winter is hard work, it takes effort to survive and good companions are essential.
Winter is hard, starvation and hungry animals are a constant threat.
Winter is here - instead of hibernating, get out and have fun.
Winter is here .
Winter is here and car accident's are on the climb.
Winter is here and it brings with it opportunities to be active out in the snow.
Winter is here and the weather has turned cold.
Winter is here on such a beautiful day.
Winter is here once again, and it is the start of a new year.
Winter is Here Our weather has finally taken the winter change.
Winter is here to stay for a while.
Winter is here with our hopes for lots of snow for our favorite winter activities.
Winter is here, and the season is open.
Winter is here, come out and have some fun.
Winter is here, Spring is near.
Winter is here, there are a lot of places looking for holiday help, snow to be shoveled, etc. etc.
Winter is here.
Winter is Here.
Winter is high season for sports betting.
Winter is high surf season on the north shore.
Winter is high-surf season on the north shore.
Winter is hot pot weather.
Winter is ideal for viewing our solar systems neighbors.
Winter is in full bloom.
Winter is in full swing in the northern hemisphere of planet earth.
Winter is in retreat.
Winter is in the low season.
Winter is just ahead.
Winter is just another outdoor world wonderland to experience.
Winter is just around the corner and with it colder, bleaker weather.
Winter is just around the corner.
Winter is just the reverse.
Winter is known for heavy cloudiness, occasional high winds, and abundant rain.
Winter is less than a month away.
Winter is lifeless, dark, gloomy, and boring.
Winter is like punishment for the summer.
Winter is long and cold.
Winter is long, cold, often snowy, and windy near the coast.
Winter is long, dry, and very cold.
Winter is long.
Winter is lovely, because the garden has good form that blankets beautifully in the snow.
Winter is low season on Vancouver Island.
Winter is marked by cohesiveness, whereas summer is marked by independence.
Winter is marked by colder temperatures and the wetlands freeze over.
Winter is mild and has the highest rainfall.
Winter is mild and snow rare.
Winter is mild and sunny . . .
Winter is mild and white.
Winter is mild, and there is an occasional snow fall every couple of years.
Winter is mild, temperatures in the teens with many sunny, cool days.
Winter is mild, with autumn essentially extending into spring.
Winter is mild.
Winter is mildly cold and rainy while summer is usually hot and dry.
Winter is moderate with frost occurring in the low lying regions only.
Winter is monochrome, in infinite gradations.
Winter is more moderate, but in no season does the weather become excessively cold.
Winter is more than a season of ice-covered lakes, snowstorms and windchills.
Winter is more than snow and cold weather.
Winter is mostly a time for indoor activities.
Winter is mostly sunny with cool early mornings, warm middays and cool to cold during the night.
Winter is mountains and skiing.
Winter is much quieter with many of the stores and restuarants closed.
Winter is much quieter.
Winter is nature's rest season.
Winter is near.
Winter is nearly here.
Winter is necessary for the tree, if it is to live, survive and flourish.
Winter is necessary.
Winter is neutered and housebroken.
Winter is never a time for hibernating in the education world.
Winter is nice.
Winter is no different.
Winter is no exception.
Winter is no excuse to pine away indoors.
Winter is no excuse to stop exercising.
Winter is normally Georgia's rainy season.
Winter is normally the rainy season for the whole country.
Winter is notably dry and cold.
Winter is nothing to be trifled with.
Winter is now here and, finally, it is time to relax until springtime.
Winter is now here with a vengeance.
Winter is now here.
Winter is now past, the rain is over and gone.
Winter is now the major threat for a large proportion of Kosovo s population.
Winter is obviously a stressful time for fish.
Winter is of course poinsettias, amaryllis, paperwhites, and Norfolk island pines.
Winter is of course the season of great mountain skiing . . .
Winter is of course the time of year when the work of the mountain rescue teams comes to the fore.
Winter is officially over when the witch hazel blooms.
Winter is off-season in Europe, so there are plenty of cheap fares to go around.
Winter is often a traditional symbol for death.
Winter is often cold and dry with rare snow and ice storms.
Winter is often the worst time for porcupine tree damage, as they have no smaller vegetation to eat.
Winter is often wet and grey.
Winter is OK after all.
Winter is on the way, and with it skiing, ice skating and other winter sports.
Winter is one of the best times of the year in Alaska.
Winter is one of the best times to observe the stars as the sky is usually much clearer.
Winter is our best time for big flights, which is the opposite of other places.
Winter is our off season.
Winter is our own season of review and planning.
Winter is our toughest time around here.
Winter is over and the sun is starting to shine.
Winter is over in many parts of North America, and frogs are starting to sing.
Winter is over when it snows on the dogwood flowers.
Winter is over, and what a winter it was.
Winter is over, spring is happening, and it is time to get ready for the Book Sale.
Winter is over, well, for the most part anyway.
Winter is over.
Winter is part of a new generation of scholars who are reinventing music studies.
Winter is particularly hard on skin because of low humidity outdoors and dry heat indoors.
Winter is passed as a puparium in the soil.
Winter is passed as an adult in the soil and in crop remnants.
Winter is passed as an adult.
Winter is passed as immature scales clustered about terminal and lateral buds.
Winter is passed as pupae in rolled leaves or as larvae under surface debris.
Winter is passed as pupae within the injured tips.
Winter is passed as puparia in the soil.
Winter is passed either as eggs or pupae.
Winter is passed in a puparium in the soil.
Winter is passed in an immature condition at the base of the terminal buds.
Winter is passed in debris and sheltered areas as inactive adults and immatures.
Winter is passed in egg form beneath the female parent scales.
Winter is passed in the adult or second nymphal stage at the base of brambles or weeds.
Winter is passed in the adult stage.
Winter is passed in the egg stage at the base of needles.
Winter is passed in the egg stage, mainly around buds.
Winter is passed in the egg stage.
Winter is passed in the larval stage at the base of the damaged plants.
Winter is passed in the larval stage under the bark.
Winter is passed in the larval stage.
Winter is passed in the pupal stage in the soil.
Winter is passed in the pupal stage.
Winter is peak season for residential fires.
Winter is perfect for cross-country skiing, ice fishing or simply enjoying the view.
Winter is perhaps the best time to visit the sight of the only Indian war fought in California.
Winter is perhaps the best time to visit.
Winter is practically here.
Winter is precocious, babacious and as tough as a hollow-point bullet.
Winter is pretty cold in Las Vegas, with snowcapped mountains in the distance.
Winter is pretty harsh.
Winter is probably our most exciting season, bringing a whole new world of experiences and sights.
Winter is probably the best time to visit, when the greatest diversity of birds occurs.
Winter is probably the best time.
Winter is probably the most limiting in lure selection of the seasonal patterns .
Winter is quiet here.
Winter is quietest.
Winter is quite long usually about five months.
Winter is quite mild and short in duration.
Winter is rather cold, especially in the mountains and intermountain basins.
Winter is rather mild, with no severe frosts but with regular snowfalls everywhere except the south.
Winter is really cold and it gets quite windy.
Winter is really here at last .
Winter is relatively mild with only a few significant snowfalls.
Winter is relatively mild, especially for people coming here from northern climates.
Winter is relatively mild.
Winter is relatively poor for sailing, with either calm days or squally storms.
Winter is relatively tender and snowy, summer is warm.
Winter is remarkably beautiful and it has a certain array to it as well.
Winter is represented by a pine grove.
Winter is rife.
Winter is said to be governed by water.
Winter is seasons.
Winter is shit.
Winter is short and mild with an average temperature of around freezing point.
Winter is short and mild, and is characterized by occasional rain.
Winter is short but it can get chillingly cold.
Winter is short.
Winter is simply layer after layer.
Winter is slightly cooler and wetter, but conditions are fairly similar year round .
Winter is slower yet.
Winter is snow-bound.
Winter is so cold, yet brings such sweet holidays.
Winter is so harsh that a skeleton crew stays on at only the largest stations.
Winter is so long, so dark, so cold.
Winter is so mild that it is said the swallows spend it there.
Winter is sometimes beautiful because the whiteness of the snowflakes is so rich.
Winter is somewhat dead, but the courses are usually playable and the rates can be at their lowest.
Winter is spent as a larva in the soil feeding on plant roots.
Winter is spent as a prepupa in a cocoon in the duff.
Winter is spent as a prepupa in topsoil or duff.
Winter is spent as an adult in crevices of host plant bark.
Winter is spent as an adult in leaf litter under host trees or in bark crevices.
Winter is spent as black eggs on needles.
Winter is spent as immatures or adults in sheltered areas or in the egg stage.
Winter is spent as partially grown nymphs and as adults.
Winter is spent as partially-grown nymphs and as adults.
Winter is spent as pupae in white cocoons on trunks and leaves.
Winter is spent at sea, thousands of miles away.
Winter is spent in a prepupal stage in a cocoon in the litter.
Winter is spent in later larval stages and pupation occurs in the spring.
Winter is spent in temperate and tropical waters.
Winter is spent in the adult stage among leaf litter.
Winter is spent in the cocoon or adult stage, depending on species.
Winter is spent in the egg stage in bark crevices and under loose bark.
Winter is spent in the egg stage in cold climates and also as nymphs in warmer areas.
Winter is spent in the egg stage within a mass covered with a tough styrofoam-like covering.
Winter is spent in the ground as a cocoon, and pupation occurs in the spring.
Winter is spent in the larval stage and pupation occurs in the spring.
Winter is spent in the larval stage beneath the bark.
Winter is spent in the larval stage in tunnels beneath the bark.
Winter is spent in the larval stage.
Winter is spent in the last larvae stage.
Winter is spent in the pupal stage around the base of cherry trees.
Winter is spent in the pupal stage in the soil.
Winter is spent in the soil as a dark brown, hard-shelled pupa slightly less than one inch long.
Winter is spent in the soil as a mature larva.
Winter is spent in the soil as larvae or adults, with new adults emerging in the spring.
Winter is spent underground, unless the adults are in permanent water.
Winter is splendid in white, and the skiing can be grand.
Winter is still a wonderful time of the year here.
Winter is still fresh enough in our memories to make each warm, green day a glory.
Winter is still here and things still freeze quickly.
Winter is still very much a part of the Labrador scene.
Winter is such a great time of year.
Winter is such a lovely time of year.
Winter is supposedly over.
Winter is the best of the four seasons.
Winter is the best season for bottom fishing here.
Winter is the best season to observe wild birds.
Winter is the best time for cross-training staff members on other jobs.
Winter is the best time for printing.
Winter is the best time for shelling on the islands.
Winter is the best time for walking, but sudden storms and mist can occur at any time of the year.
Winter is the best time of year for fluffy white dogs.
Winter is the best time of year for observing otters, turkeys, wood ducks, and deer.
Winter is the best time of year to iron.
Winter is the best time to camp here.
Winter is the best time to come, as summer is hot.
Winter is the best time to find solitude and mystery among the ruins.
Winter is the best time to learn and master skills because of the enclosed area and small numbers.
Winter is the best time to move large established plants.
Winter is the best time to prune.
Winter is the best time to see moose on local ski trails and along highways.
Winter is the best time to see the thousands of birds that migrate here.
Winter is the best time to visit India, although some find the Indian hills too chilly.
Winter is the best time to visit.
Winter is the best.
Winter is the biggest season for the hall.
Winter is the breeding season for adult ticks, and the period in which they feed on deer.
Winter is the busiest time of year on the river.
Winter is the busiest, most pleasant time to be here.
Winter is the coldest and darkest season of the four in Kansas.
Winter is the coldest season of the year, but some winters can be record setters.
Winter is the coldest season of the year.
Winter is the coldest season.
Winter is the driest and coolest time of year.
Winter is the dry season when rain is the exception to the rule.
Winter is the exact opposite.
Winter is the hardest on exhibits, snow, freezing and thawing cause things to crack.
Winter is the holiday season when the tourists come up from the south.
Winter is the ideal time to visit the Kruger Park and the northern provinces of South Africa.
Winter is the least visited season but, many argue, the most beautiful.
Winter is the longest season.
Winter is the most critical time of year for Vermont's deer.
Winter is the most critical time period for rabbits.
Winter is the most difficult time for most trees.
Winter is the most dramatic.
Winter is the most popular season, and room prices and availability prove that.
Winter is the most stressful time of year in the north for most forms of life.
Winter is the next point of discussion.
Winter is the off-season, which makes it easy to find accommodation and services.
Winter is the only media person in the last few years to actually hit the ball.
Winter is the operative word.
Winter is the optimum time for pruning most trees.
Winter is the peak season for heart attacks.
Winter is the perfect time for a hot cup of coffee and some warming conversation.
Winter is the perfect time for anglers to discover areas of subtle structure that attract fish.
Winter is the perfect time for bushwalking, hang gliding or gallery gazing in the region.
Winter is the perfect time for snuggling in front of a crackling fire or reading in the library.
Winter is the perfect time for snuggling in front of a cracklng fire or reading in the library.
Winter is the perfect time of year to get a jump-start on next season's cycle training.
Winter is the perfect time to change that.
Winter is the perfect time to get ready for the spring.
Winter is the preferred time for many pruning chores.
Winter is the premium season for eating fish.
Winter is the prime recreational season in our area.
Winter is the raccoons greatest enemy when food is scarce.
Winter is the rainy season while summer tends to be dry.
Winter is the resting period of the vine and no visible growth takes place.
Winter is the resting time for the gardener.
Winter is the right time to visit the hallowed ground and listen to the stories.
Winter is the roughest time of the year in some parts of the country.
Winter is the season for caribou observation in the park.
Winter is the season for chapped lips and dry skin.
Winter is the season for living with the dead.
Winter is the season for making dried sweet potatoes.
Winter is the season for storytelling.
Winter is the season of depth and contemplation.
Winter is the season of solitude and silence.
Winter is the season of stillness and rest, during which energy is condensed, conserved, and stored.
Winter is the season of survival and waiting.
Winter is the season often overlooked, but it's a great time for hiking and wildlife watching.
Winter is the season when it is most common.
Winter is the season when most travelers prefer to head for the islands.
Winter is the season when our deciduous fruit trees are supposed to be dormant.
Winter is the season when Price County shines.
Winter is the season when the Dutch character and temperament come into their town.
Winter is the season when, studies prove, TV viewership peaks.
Winter is the symbol of death.
Winter is the time for backyard wildlife watchers to brush up on their identification skills.
Winter is the time for basket-making and for storytelling in Oregon's native cultures.
Winter is the time for coats, basketball, skiing and oranges flown in from the tropics.
Winter is the time for dreaming, and for moving between realities.
Winter is the time for indoor work, summer for outdoors.
Winter is the time for shopping, too.
Winter is the time of dormancy and renewal.
Winter is the time of minimum light.
Winter is the time of rest and introspection.
Winter is the time of withdrawal, with slow life activity and a time for rest.
Winter is the time of year the problem seems at it's worst in schools.
Winter is the time that the trees are barren.
Winter is the time to add lime to ponds.
Winter is the time to clean the garden of last summer's plant debris.
Winter is the time to go.
Winter is the time to have a nightcap.
Winter is the time to hike here.
Winter is the time to kick back and relax.
Winter is the time to maintain conditioning and to work on an endurance base for the spring.
Winter is the time to make forts and have snow ball fights.
Winter is the time to spot the large, spherical nests built in deciduous trees.
Winter is the time to visit the park to hike, toboggan or enjoy cross-country skiing.
Winter is the time to wear it like it was a religion.
Winter is the time when lakes are frozen.
Winter is the traditional season for doing intensive meditation practice.
Winter is the utmost yin.
Winter is the warmest of seasons.
Winter is the warmest time, Snuggling softly sitting by a sultry fire.
Winter is the wettest season in Seattle.
Winter is the wettest season, though temperatures remain mild.
Winter is the worst of times to wander from the trail.
Winter is the worst season of the year.
Winter is the worst time to speed.
Winter is the worst, waiting like ghosts in the mist and rain with the others.
Winter is their season for birthing, nursing young, and rowdy breeding.
Winter is time is spent sowmobiling, fishing, and sometimes short traplines.
Winter is too cold and snowy.
Winter is too cold to climb, while summer is too hot.
Winter is tough on birds.
Winter is tough on cars.
Winter is tourism's high season, when prices go up and reservations are de rigueur.
Winter is truly a phenomenon in northeastern North Dakota.
Winter is typically a season of mists and light rains or drizzle.
Winter is ugly enough as it is without people leaving their rubbish around.
Winter is unwelcome, unable to decay.
Winter is upon has and much of America is in for a harsh winter.
Winter is usually cold with variable precipitation.
Winter is usually mild with rare freezing temperatures.
Winter is usually mild, however temperatures can drop below average.
Winter is usually short.
Winter is usually the easiest time to find a flat and summer the hardest.
Winter is usually the time when sporadic cases of meningococcal disease occur.
Winter is usually too cold.
Winter is variable but many days are clear and beautiful.
Winter is very brief.
Winter is very cold.
Winter is very cruel on the poor and destitute.
Winter is very hard here.
Winter is very stressful on young animals for several reasons.
Winter is warm and cozy where there is love and caring and understanding.
Winter is warm and friendly inside the luxurious bed and breakfast.
Winter is warm compared to most other cities in Australia.
Winter is when gardeners look more often and longer at the outdoors.
Winter is when it does the most damage.
Winter is when the rates are lowest in Reno.
Winter is where the lilacs eternally lie.
Winter is winter.
Winter is wonderful here, few people, lots of snow.
Winter is wonderful in Huntsville.
Winter is worn that was the flowers' bale.
Winter is, by the way, the best season of the year to do that.
Winter is, for the most part, a non-existent phenomenon.
Winter is, if anything, a surprise in ice.
Winter isa season.
Winter just doesn t stand a chance.
Winter just keeps on coming and there's no end in sight.
Winter keeps on keeping on.
Winter kill at northern edge of range, vigorous new growth hides injury quickly.
Winter kill poses little threat.
Winter lasts a long time throughout most of the park.
Winter lasts a long time up here and snowmobiles are put to use both for recreation and transport.
Winter lasts about nine months out of the year.
Winter lasts for months.
Winter lasts for several months.
Winter lasts here about five months.
Winter lasts long in Crater Lake National Park.
Winter lasts longer on that side of the canyon.
Winter lasts nine months.
Winter leads to spring, which leads to summer and fall.
Winter leaves in drifts and dry, brittle seed-heads.
Winter leaves the beach as empty and barren as our lost love.
Winter lends an altogether different character to the area.
Winter lies ahead.
Winter lingers in the lap of spring.
Winter lives in Brooklyn, New York.
Winter lives in New York City and continues to record and perform.
Winter locks the land in snow, spring is brief, and summers are hot.
Winter looks past such passages for a deeper meaning.
Winter makes frozen sculptures of waves upon the lighthouse and pier.
Winter makes survival for many animals a challenge.
Winter marks the high season for book awards.
Winter masks a lot of lines and odours with mist and perfumes while summer is more naked and direct.
Winter mast storage is available on site.
Winter mean max.
Winter means brown, dry lawns in residential areas and fields green with winter wheat.
Winter means deep snow throughout the mountains of Central Asia where wild snow leopards live.
Winter means good company and hot chocolate in front of a crackling fire in a city inn.
Winter means hard times on a squirrel's life.
Winter means ice-fishing, snowmobiling and cross country skiing.
Winter means less travel and reduced fuel demand and evidently a time for price piracy.
Winter means lots of hard squashes, roots and all forms of cabbage.
Winter means snow and snow means skiing.
Winter means snow, and snow means plowing.
Winter means snow.
Winter means snuggling.
Winter means sore hands, and fingertips warmed by the ol' laptop.
Winter means the street kids at la gara are going to suffer the most.
Winter means time for reflection and communication.
Winter moves along toward spring and weatherwise nothing exciting happens.
Winter moves early into spring in South West England.
Winter mulching with straw, peat moss, or other material is advisable.
Winter narrows outdoor opportunities for the children.
Winter notes that busy corporate executives have a choice.
Winter occurs because the earth is farther from the sun.
Winter occurs in the northern hemisphere when the sun is farthest away.
Winter occurs when the sun s rays are the most slanted on a particular place on Earth.
Winter offers a multitude of activities, including skiing and snowshoeing.
Winter offers a multitude of possibilities to skiers.
Winter offers a relaxed pace for peace and quiet.
Winter offers a short season of snow cover with very little snow build-up.
Winter offers a whole different spectrum of recreational opportunities.
Winter offers a wonderful wonderland of snow covered fun.
Winter offers an entirely different experience.
Winter offers clean crisp mountain air as heady as the champagne and the occasional frosty snowfall.
Winter offers cross country and downhill skiing, snowmobiling, sleigh rides, and ice skating.
Winter offers cross country and downhill skiing.
Winter offers cross country skiing and snowmobiling.
Winter offers cross-country skiing, snowshoeing and sleigh rides.
Winter offers downhill skiing just minutes from town.
Winter offers downhill, x-country and heliskiing, and snowmobiling.
Winter offers even more severe challenges, with several large waterfalls frozen over.
Winter offers great winds and uncrowded anchorage's.
Winter offers groomed cross-country skiing and ice skating in a covered rink.
Winter offers high mountain powder skiing, snowmobiling and other delights.
Winter offers ice fishing, cross-country skiing and sledding nearby.
Winter offers many chances to slip, slide and roll.
Winter offers many good days for hiking as temperatures can be mild.
Winter offers many recreational opportunities.
Winter offers marvelous snowy landscapes and a host of sporting and cultural activities.
Winter offers new opportunities.
Winter offers opportunities for snowmobiling, dog sledding, and some crosscountry skiing.
Winter offers opportunities for snowmobiling, dog sledding, and some cross-country skiing.
Winter offers plenty of open snow play areas and a large sledding hill within walking distance.
Winter offers plenty of outdoor activities from skiing to snowmobiling.
Winter offers serene pleasures with a spectacular banket of white snow.
Winter offers skating, skiing, ice fishing and even ice boating.
Winter offers ski tracks, ice fishing or hunting.
Winter offers skiing, ice-fishing, snowmobiling, and winter festivals.
Winter offers skiing, snowboarding, snowtoys, and tubing for the entire family.
Winter offers snowmobiling, dogsledding, downhill skiing and sleigh rides.
Winter offers soft white scenes and opportunities to ski down slopes.
Winter offers some of the best ice fishing thearea .
Winter offers some of the most spectacular views of the cosmos.
Winter offers special delights.
Winter offers splendor and solitude.
Winter offers the comfort of the library with a good book or a romantic movie.
Winter offers the finest and most consistent cross-country skiing in the East.
Winter offers the opportunity to relax in the warmth of the sitting room.
Winter offers the popular Northern sport and recreation of ice fishing.
Winter offers unpredictable weather.
Winter offers warm sunny days and cool nights.
Winter offers wildlife viewing and serenity with hushed snowfalls.
Winter officially begins in the Northern Hemisphere, even as daylight starts to lengthen.
Winter opens new vistas as the hardwoods shed their leaves.
Winter opens the hinterland to snowmobile expeditions on endless trails.
Winter oversnow road openings are dependent on sufficient snow.
Winter overwhelms the sinner in the wilderness of fear and insignificance.
Winter paddling usually requires specialized clothing.
Winter passes by, and the waters in the fields recede.
Winter pasture fertilization under way.
Winter pasture improving.
Winter pastures making excellent progress.
Winter pastures making slow growth.
Winter pastures providing good grazing.
Winter pastures responding to the moisture.
Winter pastures responding well to recent rainfall.
Winter pastures showing good growth.
Winter patching with cold material is done on an emergency basis.
Winter places enormous stress on wildlife.
Winter planting in a cold winter climate can be very risky.
Winter poses many challenges to wildlife, most especially adequate food and warmth.
Winter poses some serious problems for bees.
Winter poses special risks to pets.
Winter presents a more subdued beauty.
Winter presents a special set of problems for wildlife.
Winter presents special problems.
Winter presents unique problems for the horse.
Winter produces a dry climate in houses, and the cold air outside can chap the skin.
Winter provides a plethora of opportunities for photographs.
Winter provides a stark, white environment.
Winter provides abundant snow for a full range of winter activities.
Winter provides an entirely different spectrum of relaxation and outdoor fun.
Winter provides excellent cross country skiing.
Winter provides fun for snow lovers.
Winter provides many different recreation possibilities.
Winter provides occasional snow and summer is usually very warm.
Winter provides opportunities to ski, skate and ice fish.
Winter provides opportunities to try ice fishing, skating, snowmobiling and cross country skiing.
Winter provides opportunity for downhill and cross-country skiing.
Winter provides solitude and outstanding photo opportunities.
Winter pruning also minimizes the spread of insects and disease.
Winter pruning causes a tree to grow more vigorously.
Winter pushes visitors inside, around the warmth of oil or woodstoves.
Winter quit last year, partly because of the department's reluctance to penalize risky restaurants.
Winter rains mean mudslides, road closings, and threats to mountain homes.
Winter rains regularly inundate large tracts of the site for weeks on end.
Winter range primarily coastal using beaches, tidal flats and salt-evaporation ponds.
Winter range soil temperatures are generally cool.
Winter ranges The limiting habitat for bighorn sheep is winter range.
Winter raspberry production in greenhouses.
Winter really does suck.
Winter really is a good time to plan a visit.
Winter really is a great time to visit the zoo.
Winter recedes with the slowness of an ice age, leaving the land flattened and exhausted looking.
Winter recreationists snowmobile and cross-country ski to the cabin.
Winter reigns as the key season for chemical peels and laser surgery.
Winter reminds visitors of ski resorts in the Rocky Mountains, Canada and Europe.
Winter requires consideration, summertime, conservation.
Winter requires more layers, heavier wools and appropriate footwear.
Winter requires some special precautions.
Winter requires special gear and know-how.
Winter requires warmer clothing and light to medium jackets.
Winter returns after four straight days of record highs.
Winter returns to area.
Winter returns with a vengeance.
Winter reveals distinctive gray and cream striped bark that becomes more obvious with age.
Winter reveals the benefits of good planning.
Winter reveals the plant architecture highlighted by smooth grey bark and fuzzy flower buds.
Winter roosts in conifer trees.
Winter roosts on structures in urban areas.
Winter roosts on structures.
Winter rootzone temperature changes with pot in pot production system .
Winter runs across the fields of southern Manitoba, trailing a mane of white.
Winter runs spawn closer to the ocean, and require less travel time.
Winter s a time when the world is quiet.
Winter s back is broken.
Winter Salads Back to Plants For A Future home page.
Winter says a new building is needed.
Winter scat resembles little balls of sawdust.
Winter seems like a blur.
Winter seems more manageable.
Winter seems to be the universal time for sadness, reflection, being alone and lonely.
Winter seems to be winding down here in Washington.
Winter seems to have gone on forever.
Winter seems to last forever.
Winter seems to pause A moment.
Winter seems to trigger loss just as Spring celebrates rebirth.
Winter sees a blanket of deep snow and world class snowmobiling and skiing.
Winter sees few riders, but the riding can be nice.
Winter sees flocks of skiers .
Winter sees good whale watching too.
Winter sees the arrival of many birds, such as ducks and geese.
Winter sees the barred owl, caracara and red shouldered hawk.
Winter settles the mountains into a mild tranquility.
Winter shipping on rivers, especially, causes shifting migration routes.
Winter shoot within one meantime for attend baseball card.
Winter showcases amazing landscapes and encounters with animals, tracks and signs.
Winter signals the beginning of basketball season for both girls and boys.
Winter sizzles with fireplaces in every accommodation.
Winter slowly draws to a close.
Winter smells like cinnamon sticks, chimney smoke, and goodies baking.
Winter smells of burning fires and chimney smoke.
Winter snows and flashfloods can temporarily limit access.
Winter snows cover the top.
Winter snows crust the ground and temperatures freeze.
Winter snows occur in the higher mountains.
Winter snows provide excellent cross-country skiing, snowmobiling and ice fishing.
Winter snows smother the high country.
Winter snows wrap the mountains in a beautiful blanket and wildlife is commonly seen in the valleys.
Winter soaks the fields.
Winter sounds like leaves crackling, bells jingling, and children singing.
Winter sounds like Santa going down the chimney.
Winter sounds like the whisper of little children in the library.
Winter spreading of liquid manure is unacceptable at any time.
Winter squash in most fields are mature.
Winter squash packs a powerful punch of potassium, vitamin C and beta-carotene.
Winter squash veggies also tend to be fast carbs.
Winter starts and ends early in Orlando.
Winter steelhead inhabit several areas of a river.
Winter steelheading, if it's done right can be very enjoyable and exciting.
Winter steelheading, if it's done right, can be very enjoyable and exciting.
Winter still rules, but it is waning.
Winter still rules, but the Wheel turns.
Winter sunscald frequently occurs in even-aged sugar maple stands.
Winter sunsets on Baikal are also very beautiful.
Winter swells along the Wild Coast are epic.
Winter symbolizes the opposite.
Winter takes a heavy toll on songbirds.
Winter takes aught, or spring adds more.
Winter Talk about the season.
Winter tastes like popcorn, candy canes, hot chocolate, and cookies.
Winter tend toward chilly dampness, though mild spells allow for perfect conditions.
Winter tends to be cold and snowy.
Winter tests our resolve and measures our strength.
Winter there is summer here, and autumn here is springtime there.
Winter there's the family room with fireplace.
Winter thinning minimizes the risk of beetle infestation.
Winter thins the ranks, no doubt.
Winter too can be spectacular.
Winter transforms the landscape to acres and acres of white fun.
Winter transforms Vermont into a pristine, magical world.
Winter traveling can, at times, be quite challenging for drivers.
Winter Triggered by cold weather, the larva makes a type of antifreeze call glycerol.
Winter turns into spring.
Winter turns the mountains into wonderlands of snow.
Winter turns to spring, but quips go on and on the year around.
Winter turns to spring, the young become old and mysteries do unfold.
Winter turns to spring.
Winter turns to wonder as children sled, ski and skate from morning to night.
Winter typically brings with it the flu season.
Winter varieties form branch stems or tillers at the base so several stems rise from a single plant.
Winter visits on weekends only.
Winter visits to the museum are by reservation only.
Winter visits to the park are possible, but be certain to call for weather and road conditions.
Winter walks on the beach can be brisk and thrilling, but beware high tides and storm surges.
Winter wears a white sweatshirt and blue jeans.
Winter wears one crown.
Winter weather too often catches people unprepared.
Winter wheat up nice and green and looks good.
Winter wishes to sue.
Winter work for spring.
Winter works miscellaneous.
Winter wraps itself around wrists in the north.
Winter wrens and rosy finches are common breeders along rocky beaches.
Winter wrens scurry about on the forest floor.
Winters also are also mild with a good amount of rainfall and a rare snowfall.
Winters are also sunny with comfortable temperatures punctuated now and then with snowfalls.
Winters are another matter.
Winters are bitterly cold but clear with stunning days.
Winters are bitterly cold in Waterfall.
Winters are bitterly cold.
Winters are brief and mild with snowfall being an unusual event.
Winters are brisk and pleasant with few severely cold days.
Winters are brutally cold and summers very hot.
Winters are cloudy and cold.
Winters are cold and clear.
Winters are cold and cloudy, with frequent precipitation.
Winters are cold and damp with occasional snow.
Winters are cold and dry and severe.
Winters are cold and dry and summers are warm and brief.
Winters are cold and dry while summers are warm and humid.
Winters are cold and dry with the bulk of winter moisture coming as snowfall.
Winters are cold and dry, and summers are warm to hot.
Winters are cold and dry, summers are warm and annual rainfall is at the national average.
Winters are cold and dry.
Winters are cold and generally dry while summers are warm and humid.
Winters are cold and it snows at the higher elevations.
Winters are cold and long.
Winters are cold and relatively dry while summers are warm and frequently humid.
Winters are cold and short, while summers tend to be cool.
Winters are cold and snowy and summers are mild.
Winters are cold and snowy but there is ample sunshine on the snow-covered landscape.
Winters are cold and snowy in the north and milder in the south.
Winters are cold and snowy in western Massachusetts.
Winters are cold and snowy, but summers are glorious.
Winters are cold and snowy.
Winters are cold and summers are hot.
Winters are cold and summers are very hot.
Winters are cold and summers are warm or hot.
Winters are cold and summers cool and moist.
Winters are cold and summers cool in the Blue Ridge and at other higher elevations.
Winters are cold and summers warm, with frequent heat waves.
Winters are cold and the summers are warm to hot.
Winters are cold and wet through spring.
Winters are cold and wet.
Winters are cold and windy with intense sunshine.
Winters are cold but autumn season trekking is rewarded with profusion of alpine flowers.
Winters are cold but spring comes earlier than farther north.
Winters are cold but spring comes earlier than in the far north.
Winters are cold compared to other parts of south-ern Canada.
Winters are cold even though the Canadian air masses are modified somewhat before reaching the area.
Winters are cold in Northern India.
Winters are cold throughout the state.
Winters are cold to mild.
Winters are cold with about six hours of sunlight.
Winters are cold with extended periods of cloudiness.
Winters are cold with heavy snows.
Winters are cold with moderate snowfall and brisk sunny days.
Winters are cold with moderate snowfall and brisk sunny winter days.
Winters are cold with moderate snowfall.
Winters are cold with occasional snow and ice storms.
Winters are cold with occasional snow and ice, dress warmly.
Winters are cold with occasional snow.
Winters are cold with snow.
Winters are cold with some snowfall.
Winters are cold with variable precipitation.
Winters are cold, and frost can occur.
Winters are cold, and summers are short and hot.
Winters are cold, but all campus buildings are comfortably heated and conveniently located.
Winters are cold, but days are mostly clear and quiet.
Winters are cold, but in the autumn season trekkers are rewarded with a profusion of alpine flowers.
Winters are cold, but offer ice-skating.
Winters are cold, especially in the mountains.
Winters are cold, especially in the northwest of the province.
Winters are cold, often drizzly, but the skiing is best then.
Winters are cold, particularly in the north.
Winters are cold, summers are hot.
Winters are cold, Summers are hot.
Winters are cold, the temperatures around freezing.
Winters are cold, windy and dry, and summers have warm days and cool nights.
Winters are cold, with a thin snow cover and a high frequency of clear skies.
Winters are cold, with frequent snowy blizzards, while summers bring hot, dry winds.
Winters are cold, with light snow or rain.
Winters are cold, with occasional snow showers.
Winters are cold, with rain, snow and ice.
Winters are cold, with temperatures below freezing.
Winters are cold.
Winters are colder and summers are hotter than western Washington.
Winters are colder and summers hotter than in western Washington.
Winters are colder that in the rest of the vineyards.
Winters are comparatively dry.
Winters are cool and dry in the park.
Winters are cool and moist and summers are hot and dry.
Winters are cool and moist with intermittent snow cover.
Winters are cool and often sunny, with occasional snowfalls.
Winters are cool and summers are mild.
Winters are cool and wet with some snow on the highlands.
Winters are cool and wet, but generally free of snow.
Winters are cool but mild.
Winters are cool in the north and mild in the south.
Winters are cool or cold, with quite a lot of rain.
Winters are cool rather than cold.
Winters are cool to mild and summers are very warm and humid.
Winters are cool with considerable precipitation.
Winters are cool, and rainy.
Winters are cool, and summers are mild and pleasant.
Winters are cool, but freezing temperatures are rare.
Winters are cool, but sometimes can get very cold.
Winters are cool, summers are dry and sunny.
Winters are cool, with occasional spells of cold weather.
Winters are cooler and the weather in coastal areas is very pleasant.
Winters are crisp.
Winters are dark all day.
Winters are dark and gloomy.
Winters are dark and long, henceforth kids in the homes a lot after school hours.
Winters are drier than summers.
Winters are drier, mild, and sunny.
Winters are dry and cool.
Winters are dry with very cold nights and mornings and warm afternoons.
Winters are dry.
Winters are especially damp.
Winters are extremely cold and heavy woolen clothes are recommended.
Winters are extremely cold and snowy, but prime for winter sports.
Winters are extremely cold while summers are very pleasant.
Winters are extremely cold with heavy snow.
Winters are extremely dark and harsh.
Winters are extremely mild.
Winters are fairly mild and chilly enough to make winter clothing advisable.
Winters are fairly severe.
Winters are frigid and summers can be sizzling.
Winters are frigid with deep snow.
Winters are full of drizzly, short, gray days.
Winters are full of fun in the snow.
Winters are full of outdoor opportunities as well.
Winters are generally cold and damp with variable precipitation and snow.
Winters are generally cold and quite snowy.
Winters are generally cold and rather cloudy as cold fronts frequentlyn pass through the region.
Winters are generally cold and snowy, especially in the higher elevations of the Rocky Mountains.
Winters are generally cold with variable precipitation.
Winters are generally cold, but prolonged cold spells are rare.
Winters are generally cold.
Winters are generally cool so bring a woolen sweater, jacket and blanket.
Winters are generally cool with considerable precipitation.
Winters are generally cool with variable precipitation.
Winters are generally long, gloomy, and snowy.
Winters are generally mild because it is a semi-tropical area.
Winters are generally mild but rainy.
Winters are generally mild but with ample snowfall.
Winters are generally mild in the Atlanta vicinity.
Winters are generally mild with heavy snowfall rare.
Winters are generally mild with occasional frost.
Winters are generally mild with variable precipitation.
Winters are generally mild, but can have cold and windy periods with now on the byway.
Winters are generally mild, but frequently stormy.
Winters are generally mild, influenced by the warm air that comes from the Atlantic Ocean.
Winters are generally mild, with some light snow up in the hills and mountains.
Winters are generally mild.
Winters are generally moderate.
Winters are generally quite mild, though occasional snow is seen.
Winters are generally rather mild.
Winters are generally short and mild with significant accumulations of ice and snow being unusual.
Winters are generally short and moderate, alternating between cold and pleasantly mild periods.
Winters are great here.
Winters are hard on the skunk so it has many ways to survive the winter.
Winters are harsh as a result of the region's cold, continental climate.
Winters are less cold than on the Asian mainland.
Winters are less severe than in much of Canada.
Winters are long and bleak, with just four hours of daylight on some days.
Winters are long and cold and summers are all too short.
Winters are long and cold while summers are comparatively short.
Winters are long and cold while summers are warm with rainfall heaviest during summer and autumn.
Winters are long and cold with snowfall.
Winters are long and cold, and the summers are short and cool.
Winters are long and cold.
Winters are long and dark, followed by very short summers.
Winters are long and dark.
Winters are long and dry.
Winters are long and growing seasons short.
Winters are long and hard, Spring late and short, and summer temperatures generally cool.
Winters are long and harsh, and summers are brief and cool.
Winters are long and harsh, summers are short but warm.
Winters are long and harsh, summers warm and short.
Winters are long and harsh, with temperatures ranging around freezing.
Winters are long and severe and in the north the days are sunless.
Winters are long and very cold, the days are short, and a persistent snowpack is the norm.
Winters are long as in most areas of Russia.
Winters are long but less severe than their reputation, and summers are generally mild.
Winters are long cold and snowy.
Winters are long here.
Winters are long in New Hampshire.
Winters are long in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan.
Winters are long, and summers relished, a perfect place to be raising animals that produce wool.
Winters are long, cold, and dry.
Winters are long, dark and freezing.
Winters are long, dark, cold, snowy and wet.
Winters are long, harsh, and dry with long-lasting snow cover.
Winters are long, with little snow, and damp cold from the North Sea.
Winters are long.
Winters are longer, the summers shorter.
Winters are mild and damp.
Winters are mild and dry, but windy.
Winters are mild and dry.
Winters are mild and generally dry but with occasional cold snaps.
Winters are mild and ideal for all types of outdoor recreation.
Winters are mild and much less humid than summers.
Winters are mild and normally pleasant.
Winters are mild and pleasant, and it is significant that water sports are practised year-round.
Winters are mild and pleasant, while summers are long and often hot and humid.
Winters are mild and pleasant.
Winters are mild and short, while summer is warm with a constant ocean breeze.
Winters are mild and short, while summer is warm, with a constant ocean breeze.
Winters are mild and summers are cool.
Winters are mild and summers are hot.
Winters are mild and summers are very hot .
Winters are mild and summers are very hot.
Winters are mild and summers delightfully warm.
Winters are mild and summers offer warm days and cool nights.
Winters are mild and summers rainy.
Winters are mild and sunny.
Winters are mild and warm, due to the sub-tropical climate.
Winters are mild and wet, although the mountains experience heavy snowfalls.
Winters are mild and wet, with summers being long, hot, and dry.
Winters are mild and wet, with sunbreaks in between.
Winters are mild and wet.
Winters are mild but damp.
Winters are mild but gloomy and wet.
Winters are mild during the day, but can be quite cold at night.
Winters are mild here with modest amounts of snow.
Winters are mild in Portugal being south of most of the other Mediterranean countries.
Winters are mild in the south but much colder in the north.
Winters are mild in the South but much cooler in the North.
Winters are mild to cool, due to higher latitude position.
Winters are mild while summers are hot.
Winters are mild with a little rain.
Winters are mild with brief snowstorms bringing plenty of powder snow.
Winters are mild with frequent rainfall, some frost and only occasional snow.
Winters are mild with just a bit more rain than Phoenix.
Winters are mild with little rain.
Winters are mild with moderate precipitation.
Winters are mild with more days of sunshine than the Willamette Valley.
Winters are mild with only occasional cold spells.
Winters are mild with periodic invasions of cool to occasionally cold air.
Winters are mild with periodic rain or snow.
Winters are mild with some rain, but usually there are bright, sunny days and cold nights.
Winters are mild with some rain, but usually there are bright, sunny days and cool nights.
Winters are mild with some rain.
Winters are mild with some rare rain, but usually bright, with sunny days and cooler nights.
Winters are mild with temperatures ranging from light jacket to parka weather.
Winters are mild with temperatures ranging from the upper fifties to the low and middle thirties.
Winters are mild with temperatures usually above freezing.
Winters are mild with very little rain.
Winters are mild, and frosts are light and of short duration.
Winters are mild, and sometimes warm.
Winters are mild, and summer days are warm and clear.
Winters are mild, and summers are hot and sometimes humid.
Winters are mild, and summers are warm.
Winters are mild, and summers can be hot and humid. .
Winters are mild, but temperatures can drop below freezing, and there can be an ice storm.
Winters are mild, but there is usually snow on the mountain.
Winters are mild, snow infrequent and quickly melted and dried by the sandy soil.
Winters are mild, springs are pleasant, summers are long and autumns are beautiful and picturesque.
Winters are mild, springs are short, summers are warm and sunny, and autumns are long and windy.
Winters are mild, summers are hot.
Winters are mild, while the autumn and spring seasons are delightful.
Winters are mild, while the summers are warm.
Winters are mild, with an occasional 'freeze'.
Winters are mild, with intermittent rain.
Winters are mild, with just enough snow for great winter sports.
Winters are mild, with less rain, and sunny.
Winters are mild, with little harsh cold and few snow-filled days.
Winters are mild, with temperatures in the thirties to fifties most of the time.
Winters are mild, with temperatures usually staying above freezing and rare snowfall.
Winters are mild.
Winters are milder and summers cooler than in the interior.
Winters are mildest along the coast.
Winters are mildest on the coast.
Winters are moderate and rainy in coastal regions and cold and snowy in mountainous areas.
Winters are moderate and sunny with cold periods usually lasting only a few days.
Winters are moderate with only a few days registering below freezing temperatures.
Winters are moderate, with a few periods below freezing.
Winters are moderate, with heavy snow in the mountains and rain or light snow in the valleys.
Winters are moderate, with heavy snows in the mountains and light snows in the valleys.
Winters are moderately cold and dry.
Winters are moderately cold and snowy in the mountains and mild on the plains and coast.
Winters are moderately cold in mountain and valley areas and mild in central and eastern Virginia.
Winters are moderately cold with night time lows often below freezing.
Winters are moderately cold with occasional arctic outbreaks.
Winters are moderately cold, but less severe than in the higher elevations to the east and north.
Winters are moderately cold.
Winters are moerate, with rainy days interspersed with sunny days and cooler nights.
Winters are moist and often blanketed with heavy fog.
Winters are mostly mild and sunny.
Winters are mostly short and cool .
Winters are mostly short and cool.
Winters are much colder in middle latitude semiarid areas and deserts.
Winters are neither long nor very cold, and no month averages below freezing.
Winters are nippy.
Winters are normally mild throughout the park, but sub-freezing temperatures occasionally occur.
Winters are now colder and summers hotter - making dust storms even worse.
Winters are now shorter, summers longer.
Winters are nowhere more dreary than among the miners.
Winters are often below freezing.
Winters are often cloudy.
Winters are often ferocious.
Winters are particularly harsh in Chicago.
Winters are pleasant with warm days and cold nights.
Winters are pleasantly mild with sunny weather and comfortable temperatures.
Winters are pleasent, being short and mild.
Winters are primarily mild with occasional snow.
Winters are prolonged and very cold, with little to no plant growth.
Winters are quite cold.
Winters are quite gray and rainy, but warm enough that snow is rare.
Winters are quite mild.
Winters are quite severe, but begin late and then extend deeply into the normal springtime.
Winters are rainy and cold.
Winters are rambunctious but, on the whole, milder than in most parts of Canada.
Winters are rather cloudy and cold, due to the increased frequency of cold fronts.
Winters are real quiet especially when one considers the tourist traffic of the summer.
Winters are real, with blustery days and enough snow to enjoy.
Winters are relatively mild and the annual temperature range is small.
Winters are relatively mild but always include some rainy spells.
Winters are relatively mild but there is always the chance of rain.
Winters are relatively mild unlike the harsh cold winters of the higher country.
Winters are relatively mild with some frosty mornings in the early spring.
Winters are relatively mild, but vary greatly.
Winters are relatively mild, with frequent rains and wet snow.
Winters are relatively mild.
Winters are relatively warm and summers have almost no rain at all.
Winters are severe, with heavy snowfall and sub-zero temperatures.
Winters are short and cold.
Winters are short and mild with little or no snowfall.
Winters are short and mild, while summers are long, warm and beautiful.
Winters are short and mild.
Winters are short and pleasant.
Winters are short and relatively mild in southerly areas.
Winters are short and summers long, while autumn and spring are often delightful.
Winters are short and usually rainy.
Winters are short and very mild, and spring and autumn offer colorful outdoor scenery.
Winters are slow.
Winters are snowless.
Winters are snowy but relatively mild, with temperatures warmer than Boston.
Winters are so awful here and summers are so short.
Winters are somewhat wetter and warmer.
Winters are sunny and mild to warm, although night-time temperatures sometimes plummet to zero.
Winters are sunny and mild.
Winters are sunny and rather cool.
Winters are sunny and warm.
Winters are sunny, marked by long cold periods and punctuated by mild stretches.
Winters are the main thing that kill deer off.
Winters are too chilly for lime which is the least cold-tolerant of the citrus.
Winters are typically cold and dry, while summers tend to be hot and humid.
Winters are typically much milder in east central Wisconsin.
Winters are usually cold and dry, while summers tend to be hot, dry and low on humidity.
Winters are usually cold and snowy with temperatures below freezing being quite common.
Winters are usually cold with extended periods of cloudiness and precipitation.
Winters are usually cool and wet.
Winters are usually dry.
Winters are usually grey and wet with some wonderful cool, crisp clear days in between.
Winters are usually long and Vermont is pretty gray for a lot of the year.
Winters are usually long, and water in the basin marsh is primarily accumulated from snowmelt.
Winters are usually long, snow, and cold.
Winters are usually long, snowy and cold.
Winters are usually mild and snowfall is rare.
Winters are usually mild and sunny, thus the facilities are open and usable year 'round.
Winters are usually mild with infrequent heavy snows.
Winters are usually mild with light snowfall.
Winters are usually mild with short periods of very cold weather.
Winters are usually mild, but a light jacket is required.
Winters are usually mild, but temperatures do drop below freezing.
Winters are usually mild.
Winters are usually normal to milder than normal.
Winters are usually snowy and can be brutal but provide for excellent winter sporting activities.
Winters are usually snowy and mild, providing good conditions for a skiing holiday.
Winters are usually very mild.
Winters are variable and can be very mild to very cold.
Winters are variable in duration and intensity.
Winters are very cold and harsh in the inland areas as well as in the Arctic north.
Winters are very cold and heavy woolens are required for protection against the climate.
Winters are very cold and snowy.
Winters are very cold and springs have sandstorms.
Winters are very cold here.
Winters are very cold, despite the name 'warm lake'.
Winters are very cold, making spring and autumn the best times to visit.
Winters are very cold.
Winters are very long, and it is always snowing.
Winters are very mild and pleasant.
Winters are very mild.
Winters are very pleasant.
Winters are very very cold, dark and windy.
Winters are veryold and snowy.
Winters are warm and dry, summer is typically moderated by sea breezes.
Winters are warm and moist, with plenty of snow and great powder skiing.
Winters are warm and summers hot.
Winters are warm but can have very cold nights.
Winters are warm with some rain.
Winters are warm, but the islands are cloudy, windy and wet throughout the year.
Winters are warm, dry and occasionally brisk.
Winters are warm, dry and sunny.
Winters are warmer and spring is coming as much as two weeks earlier.
Winters are warmer and summers cooler than in New England.
Winters are wet and mild with occasional snow or frost.
Winters are wet and mild, with occasional snow or frost.
Winters are wet.
Winters are wonderful, too, with two fireplaces to provide warmth and atmosphere.
Winters bite fading at the edge of the Red River.
Winters blow harsh here.
Winters bring freezing temperatures and snowstorms.
Winters bring intense cold and fierce winds.
Winters bring snow, and summers dry the land to the quality of old sandpaper.
Winters can also have hot days but generally cool to very cold at night.
Winters can be a little chilly.
Winters can be bitterly cold, especially in the north.
Winters can be cold inland.
Winters can be cold, but are generally mild.
Winters can be cold, but are generally very sunny.
Winters can be cold.
Winters can be damp and cold while summers are hot and humid.
Winters can be equally devastating to livestock and the farmer's heating budget.
Winters can be exceedingly cold.
Winters can be extremely cold and harsh, yet very sunny.
Winters can be extremely foggy and rainy to the point of flooding or dry and warm winters.
Winters can be extremely frigid or mild.
Winters can be fairly cold with the possibility of some snow.
Winters can be harsh at times, but tend to be easily endurable.
Winters can be harsh with a great deal of snow and sub-zero temperatures.
Winters can be harsh.
Winters can be long and harsh in Bosnia.
Winters can be mild and damp or very cold and bright.
Winters can be pretty cold.
Winters can be quite cool and with the heat of summer a gulf breeze can creep ashore.
Winters can be rainy or snowy or a mixture of both.
Winters can be severe and summers extremely hot.
Winters can be severe with large accumulations of snow.
Winters can be severe with snow and ice and summer showers are the usual.
Winters can be severe with snow and ice.
Winters can be very cold but cities are still recommended even in the winter.
Winters can be very cold with lengthy periods of central valley fog conditions.
Winters can be very cold, and summers can get fairly hot.
Winters can be very cold, especially in mountain areas, so dress accordingly.
Winters can be very cold.
Winters can be very harsh.
Winters can be well below zero.
Winters can be windier, cold shells lose velocity and frozen targets are definitely harder to break.
Winters can be windy and cool and the summer is hot with too many bugs.
Winters can bring severe frosts while summers are long, dry and hot.
Winters can freeze the momentum of anyone's daily walking and running program.
Winters can get rough in West Virginia, but the snow is very beautiful.
Winters expects to reach the entireregional market with television and radio ads.
Winters get bitter cold and the summers swelter.
Winters get very cold over on the western slope, and the ground is rough.
Winters have a few stormy, rainy days but are generally warm and dry, similar to California.
Winters have mild temperatures, though minimum temperatures occasionally drop below freezing.
Winters have relatively mild temperatures.
Winters have their own charm when one can experience the beauty of the mountains clad in snow.
Winter's here and the nights are longer.
Winters here are as formidably cold as in the rest of northern China.
Winters here are beautifully bright and sunny and the snow is pristine.
Winters here are dark.
Winters here are erratic and prone to occasional blizzards.
Winters here are long, cold and snowy.
Winters here are mild and snowy, summers are warm.
Winters here are never really cold, except at high altitude.
Winters here are relatively warm, growing seasons are long, and rhododendrons flourish.
Winters here are short and mild summers are warm and breezy.
Winters here are typically mild, dry and relatively short.
Winters here are very long, dark and cold, they seem to stretch on forever.
Winters here are wet.
Winters here can be harsh, and the snow cover can be deep.
Winter's here, it seems, to stay for quite some time.
Winters instructs a theraball exercise.
Winters irregularly s to s U.S. with irruptions beyond usual winter range.
Winters is a full service plumbing company.
Winters is a program planner.
Winters is a remarkable storyteller.
Winters is an avid amateur genealogist.
Winters is confident in going and catching the ball, which saves some real field position.
Winters is just days away.
Winters is married.
Winters is most concerned with color, form, and texture.
Winters is no stranger to political causes.
Winters is one of the best known and most prolific painters and printmakers working today.
Winters is the chapter's college assistant coach of the year.
Winters is the same way in camp.
Winters is thrilled to be playing in Portland again.
Winter's just around the bend.
Winters never see snow.
Winters offer alpine and nordic skiing, snowboarding, and snow mobiling.
Winters offer downhill and cross country skiing, eagle watching, scuba diving, and more.
Winters offer world class downhill skiing, snowmobiling, ice skating, sleigh rides.
Winters offers a wide range of pressure transmitters and transducers.
Winters provide some of the best skiing, snowboarding, snowmobiling, and skating in the Midwest.
Winters rage without any intervening summer, with furious storms, with snows and darkness.
Winters range from mild to very cold, and snowfall varies from year to year.
Winters require a certain amount of heavy housekeeping as well.
Winters s through West Indics.
Winters s to Chile, n Argentina.
Winters s to n South America.
Winters says the community as a whole has only been successful in ignoring the homeless.
Winters says the company added four customer call centers last year to handle the growing volume.
Winters sparkle with snow-capped mountains.
Winters succeeds on all fronts.
Winters take their toll on the species.
Winters tend to be cloudy except for periods of extreme cold when skies are clear.
Winters tend to be cloudy except for periods of extreme cold.
Winters tend to be cold and dry.
Winters tend to be drier than summers.
Winters tend to be harsher in Scotland, Northern England, Wales and Northern Ireland.
Winters tend to be long and harsh and summers short and cool.
Winters tend to be long and quite cold, but there are plenty of mild days.
Winters tend to be mild and wet.
Winters tend to be mild.
Winters tend to be milder and summers cooler.
Winters tend to be short and generally fairly mild.
Winters tend to be somewhat rainy, but otherwise mild.
Winters there are cold, below freezing most nights and there usually are several snows each winter.
Winters there last six months and are without sunlight.
Winters typically bring heavy snows and summers pleasant temperatures.
Winters vary from cool along the Black Sea coast to very frigid in Siberia.
Winters vary from cool to cold and often rainy.
Winters vary from mild and rainy to snow and ice.
Winters vary from very wet to very dry.
Winters vary, but generally there are at least a few snowy days.
Winters warm more than summers.
Winters works in several series of paintings.
Winter always seems to be popular for more glamorous, sparkly eyeshadows and lipcolors.
Winter always seems to have darkness about it, even though the earth is closer to the sun than ever.
Winter always turns into spring, but an adult butterfly never turns into an egg.
Winters always fade in memory.
Winter frequently features reenactments of sobering samurai tales at schools.
Winter often brings a chill.
Winter often brings heavy snowfalls.
Winter often brings spectacular storms.
Winter often brings the best rock-climbing conditions.
Winter often causes sad havoc among the numerous young brood born in summer.
Winter often lingers in the hills of northern Virginia.
Winter often means the onset of the flu.
Winter usually bears down hard, long and dark, cold and unforgiving.
Winter usually enjoys above freezing temperatures during the day with powdery snow in the mountains.
Winter usually finds moose in riparian areas.
Winter usually sees the lake's transformation into a skater's paradise.
Winter usually varies quite a bit from year to year.
Winters usually fall below freezing for at most a few weeks a year.
Any winter afternoons it's nice to cozy up near the fireplace in the corner.
Every winter brings more destruction.
Every winter brings the hollowness of the promises on part of the authorities.
Every winter there are multiple blizzards that risk the lives of many people.
Every winter there are times when the interruptible service is rerouted to residential customers.
Every winter there's about a dozen sightings.
Many winters there are several reports of avian salmonella and conjunctivitis in the area.
Most winter has effects.
Most winter has severe effects.
Most winter has variation.
Most winter lasts for months.
Most winter lasts for several months.
Most winters are relatively short and any snowfall quickly disappears.
Most winters here are short and mild.
Most winters offer sufficient snow conditions to allow snowmobiling in the terrain.
Some winter causes damage.
Some winter encourages growth.
Some winter kill on alfalfa meadows.
Some winters are more severe than others are.
Some Winters are worse than others.
Some winters bring unusual warmth, some springs are dryer than normal.
Some winters feature no snow and others blizzards that dump two feet.
Some winters get snow, and some summers get hot and humid, but there is no precise weather pattern.
Winterberry hollies prefer slightly acidic soil.
A winterberry is a holly
Winterberries are at home in moist sites, with some even tolerating wetter conditions.
Winterberries do require acid soils.
Wintergreen flavor is stronger in Black birch.
Wintergreen mints are nice too.
Wintergreen plants have small, alternating deep-green ovate leaves with serrate edges.
Wintergreen tea is also very refreshing and warming to the body.
A wintergreen is a bush
Wintergreen contains molecules that exhibit triboluminescnece.
Wintergreen grows in wooded areas and in some clearings from Canada to Georgia.
Winterim classes begin.
Winters days are sunny and crisp but nights often bitter with frost.
Wintertime access is by snowmobile or cross country skis or snowshoes.
Wintertime fun is plentiful at higher elevations.
Wintertime trails are available for cross-country skiers.
Wintertime visibilities are generally good.
Wiota soils are on stream terraces.
Wiota soils have more fine and coarser sand in the solum and allow more sandy stratified substrata.
A wipe is contact
Wipes are usually too harsh on baby's new skin.
Wipes clean easily.
Wipes clean in seconds with a damp cloth.
Wipes clean the ledger.
Wipes contain lanolin and are alcohol free.
Wipes get off just about everything.
Wipes nowadays are fairly safe since they took out the alcohol.
Wipes own running nose with a tissue.
Wipes provide effective static control for days and sometimes weeks.
All wipes are non-linting of course.
A wipeout is fall
Wipeouts can happen.
A wiper blade is a mechanical device
Wiper blades are like squeegees.
Wiper blades are primarily a self-service item.
A wiper is contact
Wiper blades Good windscreen wiper performance plays an essential part in driving safety.
Wiper blades on mix tanks Use wiper blades to physically wipe down sides of mix tanks.
Wiper blades to physically wipe down the sides of mixing tanks.
Wiper blades wear with each use.
Wiper isa mechanism.
Wipers are a hybrid crossing white bass with striped bass.
Wipers are active in the northern coves.
Wipers are contact.
Wipers are part of selectors.
Wipers are workers.
Wipers can be free of rips or tears but be worn to the point that they streak while operating.
Wipers clear away the blinding splash.
Wipers grow fast, aggressively hit lures and fight like no other fish.
Wipers have (part) sections.
Wipers perform best when the rubber is in good shape and the glass is fairly clean.
Wipers provide labor and cleaning in the engine room under the supervision of the engineer.
Wipers work fine in slow or fast mode.
All wipers are uniform in size and shape.
Most wipers have a low and a high speed, as well as an intermittent setting.
Some wipers also are susceptible to damage from ultraviolet rays, pollutants and chemicals.
Some wipers are part of ambulances.
Some wipers are part of automobiles.
Some wipers are part of autos.
Some wipers are part of cars.
Some wipers are part of dumpers.
Some wipers are part of go-karts.
Some wipers are part of motorbikes.
Some wipers are part of pickups.
Some wipers are part of taxis.
Some wipers are part of trucks.
Wipings are rubbings.
Wippell vestments are attractive, comfortable, and durable.
Wire bond pull tester and wire bond shear tester.
Wire bonds provide local interconnect.
Wire cables transmit electrical current from one component to another.
Wire chambers make up the central portion of the detector.
Wire code is a way of categorizing homes according to magnetic field levels.
All wire colors shown are the actual colors of the wires.
A wire cutter is an edge tool
Wire cutter Use to cut wires that are applied to branches and small trunks.
Wire frames come in various shapes and sizes and are available where garden products are sold.
A wire gauge is a gage
Wire gauge is also important-the lower the wire number, the more durable the wire.
Wire gauge is dependent upon the application within the speaker.
Wire hanger handle.
Wire hangers are nice and thin and have a consistant thickness throughout the whole hanger.
Wire hangers are unacceptable.
Wire hangers droop with the weight of soggy garments.
Wire hangers leave creases and tubular hangers take up space and can stretch some clothes.
Wire hangers seem to accumulate by the hundreds.
Wire hangers take up less room than bulky plastic ones.
Wire netting is strung along a row of wooden poles stretching straight out from the river bank.
Wire netting is to cover all openings in the poultry houses.
Wire nuts produce similar problems.
Wire photos are a scarce and historical record of U.S. sports.
Wire placement is determined by the training system to be followed.
Wire protocols are great, but it's the apps that drive markets.
Wire rope consists of three basic components.
Wire rope has enough springback to take precautions.
Wire rope leads from hold to block at the head of the crane boom.
Wire ropes are a common type of cable.
A wire service is an agency
Wire services are available from the internet and provide an alternative source of news material.
Wire services are news organizations.
Wire services spread word of the hike to thousands of newspapers across the country.
Wire speed is only one determinant of network update time.
Wire stories are standard to incomprehensible.
Wire stories are subject to the same scrutiny as local ones.
Wire taps are passe and dangerous.
Wire transfer is a good alternative to credit card purchases, especially for international orders.
Wire transfer is accepted free of charge.
Wire transfer is also acceptable.
Wire transfer is also available.
Wire transfer is available for international orders.
Wire transfer is probably the easiest and quickest of the cash payment options.
Wire transfer is the recommended method for depositing funds into a new account.
Wire transfers allow money to be wired directly to another bank.
Wire transfers are a service offered by every major bank in the world.
Wire transfers are acceptable, but are subject to a surcharge.
Wire transfers are also acceptable.
Wire transfers are available for a fee from most banks and savings institutions.
Wire transfers are fast depending on the country, it takes two to three days on average.
Wire transfers are immediate transfers of funds from one bank to another.
Wire transfers are temporarily unavailable.
Wire transfers are the most reliable form of payment.
Wire transfers can be expensive.
Wire transfers can sometimes take a week or more.
Wire transfers cause the same problem.
Wire transfers deliver payment to creditors in one business day.
Wire transfers take about a week.
Wire weed is common here.
Wire wrap handle with antique bronze finish guard and pommel.
Wire acts as conductors.
Wire answer earliest convenience.
Wire beehives together with metal strapping.
Wire binding creates a permanent binding.
Wire cages with levels are what ferrets prefer.
Wire cages with multiple floors are what ferrets prefer.
Wire carries current.
Wire carries electric current.
Wire carries power.
Wire conducts current.
Wire conducts electricity.
Wire connects circuits.
Wire connects lamps.
Wire contains resistance.
Wire copy from half a dozen news services constantly spewed out updated news from around the globe.
Wire gives current.
Wire has (part) sections.
Wire has conductivity.
Wire has copper.
Wire has diameters.
Wire has electrical resistance.
Wire has inch diameters.
Wire has low resistance.
Wire has lower resistance.
Wire has m diameters.
Wire has possible routes.
Wire has resistance.
Wire has routes.
Wire has secondary routes.
Wire has shapes.
Wire is a ligament
Wire is capable of short circuits.
Wire is conductors.
Wire is devices.
Wire is different size.
Wire is finishing lines.
Wire is ligaments.
Wire is located in space shuttles.
Wire is located in walls.
Wire is made of metal.
Wire is made of silver.
Wire is made of tungsten metal.
Wire is magazines.
Wire is part of electronic devices.
Wire is television shows.
Wire is used for fasteners.
Wire is used for shapes.
Wire isa instrumentality.
Wire provides resistance.
Wire racks double cabinet space too.
Wire restraining cables prevent accidental dropping of end caps and lenses.
Wire supports circuits.
Wire transmits sound.
Wire wrap the circuit.
Wires actually go through the stones.
Wires are actually hollow tubes, and little elephants run around and do everything.
Wires are alternately earth and live, with the bottom wire earthed.
Wires are available with a variety of epoxy, powder, anodized coatings.
Wires are cheaper than shafts and ball bearings and gears and things.
Wires are chemically or mechanically cleaned in order to prevent contamination of the weld deposit.
Wires are color coded to simplify installation detailed instructions included.
Wires are covered with insulators like plastic to stop the electricity from leaving the wire .
Wires are covered with insulators like plastic to stop the electricity from leaving the wire.
Wires are down, suturing the lacquered stones.
Wires are high value items.
Wires are hollow like a water hose and charges move inside the hollow space.
Wires are hot-soldered together inside a waterproofed junction box.
Wires are like pipes.
Wires are long enough so that tree can be lifted off base for bulb replacement.
Wires are micrometer tested to insure diameter tolerance.
Wires are necessary to make a complete electrical circuit.
Wires are no fun.
Wires are passive.
Wires are red, black, and white.
Wires are still intact for the subs.
Wires are the best as they are usually done the same day.
Wires are the curse of modern computer products.
Wires are the problem.
Wires are to be pulled at the beginning of next week.
Wires are too useful to throw away.
Wires are used to bear mechanical loads or electricity and telecommunications signals .
Wires are used to make connections.
Wires blanket the streets like a second coating of asphalt.
Wires break and heal as shapes are placed or removed.
Wires can break.
Wires can form coiled clusters that resemble rams horns.
Wires can only originate at source pins and terminate at sink pins.
Wires can sit in limbo indefinitely.
Wires carry the electric current from power plants to the cities or other areas where it is needed.
Wires carry the electric current throughout a building.
Wires carrying higher voltages create stronger EMFs.
Wires come either bare or vinyl coated in black or white.
Wires come out each side for easy set-up.
Wires complicate the device.
Wires connect each office to the closet, where there are a limited number of network ports.
Wires connect each thimble to a power source and digital interface.
Wires connect it to the transformers that rotate the lens and mirror.
Wires connect some devices inside the computer to indicator lights on the exterior of the computer.
Wires connect the electrodes to the terminals of a battery or to a direct current generator.
Wires connect the panels to the building behind, which contains spare wires to the vault.
Wires connect the sender and the receiver.
Wires connect to the heart.
Wires connected by the push-in method can become loose.
Wires connecting switches are now one five-hundredth the width of a human hair.
Wires crossing over a chip only make it harder to remove if it is suspected of being faulty.
Wires crossing the road bear bright orange balls.
Wires do very little by themselves for kids . . .
Wires don t make the music.
Wires drop down from the vaulted ceiling to levels right above the tables.
Wires enter the entrance cap at an upward angle through a tight insulator.
Wires exit through a cut-out on the back panel.
Wires exit through the back.
Wires get crisp, the insulation breaks, and shorts occur.
Wires go in, and radio waves come out.
Wires go though hole in bottom of window frame to sensor, solar panels, and GPS clock.
Wires hang from ceilings, the linoleum floors buckle underfoot.
Wires hang over the open lane.
Wires hanging down are very dangerous.
Wires have a finite lifetime, after which they decay into nothing.
Wires have absolutely no road sense.
Wires have their own control interface.
Wires inject appropriate hot and cold patterns from the mantle and inner core.
Wires interfere with natural wildlife activity.
Wires lead out to a set of ear phones and a telegraph key.
Wires lead to a monitor which records the heartbeat and the strength of the contractions.
Wires lead to a monitor which records the heartbeat.
Wires lead to a resistor, condenser, and a bulb.
Wires link the wooden levers to the clappers of each bell.
Wires loop across fields of geometric shapes, their rhythmic dance implying fluidity.
Wires make a big difference people.
Wires make no sound.
Wires prevent fish from flaking off when moved.
Wires protrude from electrical boxes.
Wires protrude from the wall.
Wires regularly come in gold filled and sterling silver.
Wires represent the connections as well as the flow of data within the graph in our definition.
Wires run around, through and over our houses.
Wires run directly from the fuse panel to the destination marked on each and every wire.
Wires run from the electrodes to the primary biofeedback console.
Wires run from the recorder to electrodes attached to the chest.
Wires run under carpets, which becomes problematic.
Wires running from the tester interface to the probes carry test signals back and forth.
Wires spliced together without junction boxes signify sloppy electrical work.
Wires stretch across the sky.
Wires stretch from the computer to velocity sensors on either side of the pool.
Wires terminate at wirewrap pins to allow annealing before epoxy is applied.
Wires turn to wings.
Wires vibrate, each emitting their own peculiar sound.
Wires often pass through one area of a building on the way to another.
All wire has resistance, and amps flowing through a wire makes heat.
All wire has resistance, capacitance and inductance.
All wire is factory specified type.
All wire is fine stranded and extra flexible.
All wire is galvanized after welding.
All wire is rust proofed.
All wires age, starting from the time when they are first created.
All wires are axial, parallel to the magnetic field and the nominal beam axis.
All wires are axial.
All wires are color coded and labeled and all wire leads are pre-cut to proper lengths.
All wires are color coded and numbered for simplicity of troubleshooting.
All wires are color coded for easy installation.
All wires are color coded for easy signal routing.
All wires are connected to something in one way or another.
All wires are copper.
All wires are full of charges, all the time.
All wires are full of electric fluid.
All wires are gold doped with iron.
All wires have labels at the pipe and terminal ends on the plate or krone punchblock.
All wires leave via a single opening.
Any wire connected to a voltage is called a live wire.
Any wire fences, whether barbed or plain wire, can cause severe injury to horses.
Every wire counts.
Every wire is instrumented.
Every wire is numbered and identified on electrical schematics for easy troubleshooting.
Every wire leads from a source to a destination .
Many wires are round and have a circular cross-section.
More wire means greater resistance, therefore less voltage to the bulbs.
More wires also mean more electric coupler pins, and that means higher failure rates.
Most wire acts as conductors.
Most wire carries current.
Most wire carries electric current.
Most wire carries power.
Most wire conducts current.
Most wire conducts electricity.
Most wire contains resistance.
Most wire gives current.
Most wire has conductivity.
Most wire has copper.
Most wire has diameters.
Most wire has electrical resistance.
Most wire has inch diameters.
Most wire has low resistance.
Most wire has lower resistance.
Most wire has m diameters.
Most wire has possible routes.
Most wire has resistance.
Most wire has routes.
Most wire has secondary routes.
Most wire has shapes.
Most wire is coated with an oil before shipping.
Most wire is made from drawn copper.
Most wire is made of metal.
Most wire is made of tungsten metal.
Most wire produced in the USA is galvanized before welding.
Most wire provides resistance.
Most wire supports circuits.
Most wires are black , but sometimes wires can have a differently colored coating .
Most wires are black, but sometimes wires can have a differently colored coating.
Some wire acts as insulators.
Some wire carries electrical energy.
Some wire carries electricity.
Some wire carries electromagnets.
Some wire carries energy.
Some wire carries voltage.
Some wire causes problems.
Some wire covers with plaster.
Some wire creates heat.
Some wire creates torque.
Some wire deters woodchucks.
Some wire has flexible sleeve.
Some wire has plastic sleeve.
Some wire has strength.
Some wire has temperature.
Some wire is classified as solid, because it contains one strand per conductor.
Some wire is sold that is claimed to be made with a process that produces oxygen-free copper.
Some wire is stranded, while other wire is solid.
Some wire is surrounded by fiberglass.
Some wire protects friends.
Some wire protects guinea pig friends.
Some wire touches bottoms.
Some wire touches homes.
Some wire touches wire.
Some Wires can be prone to itchy skin or grass allergies.
Some wires can get hot enough to melt the plastic.
Some wires sound different with different equipment.
Wired cameras are optimal for permanent installation of security cameras.
Wired carrels are very desirable.
Wired classrooms allow hands-on instruction.
Wired classrooms allow multimedia presentations to supplement traditional instruction.
Wired connections are generally more secure when communicating with other servers.
Wired devices are an alternative and sometimes cheaper option to wireless or cordless devices.
Wired donations are also welcome.
Wired embraces change, even at the risk of relentless hipness.
Wired garments monitor vital signs.
Wired magazine focuses on how technology and the information revolution are changing our society.
Wired magazine has a story on it.
Wired magazine is the journal of record for the future.
Wired magazine is the self-styled house organ of the Internet, the lifestyle magazine for techies.
Wired magazine takes a look at efig.
Wired magazine wants to supply it.
Wired networks are particularly vulnerable to eavesdropping.
Wired networks can usually pay for themselves if used for three or more years.
Wired networks require cables to be laid .
Wired networks require cables to be laid.
Wired networks require some type of physical cabling to interconnect devices.
Wired networks use cables to connect the different machines together.
Wired news has the story .
Wired probe slips easily under a closed window.
Wired ribbon has a multitude of uses.
Wired ribbon is especially easy to work with.
Wired ribbon is unique in that it can be twisted and shaped.
Wired solutions are inappropriate because of the clutter and expense associated with running cables.
Wired solutions are inappropriate because of the time and expense associated with running cables.
Wired systems are 'tethered' to a fixed location.
Wired systems are the most traditional and fastest method available.
Wired systems do have some advantages, though.
Wired systems work and are dependable.
Wired transmissions travel over copper wire, coaxial cable, or fiber optic cable.
Wireds is emotional states.
Wireds is magazines.
Wireless access adds value to mobility.
Wireless access avoids tying up phone lines and large toll charges.
Wireless access brings our vision of personal communications closer to reality.
Wireless access eliminates the distinction between home and workplace use.
Wireless access features make data available anywhere.
Wireless access has potential to transform the phone.
Wireless access helps companies get ahead and stay ahead of competition.
Wireless access helps companies get ahead and stay ahead of the competition.
Wireless access is a key element in the increasing adoption of unified messaging.
Wireless access is an affordable alternative for most users.
Wireless access is available forty feet in any direction of an access point.
Wireless access is considerably faster than any other available form of access.
Wireless access is currently available in the library and the campus center.
Wireless access is even more unreliable.
Wireless access is narrowband and ill-suited for video transmission.
Wireless access is planned for the next version of the machine, due out next fall.
Wireless access is provided at select campus locations.
Wireless access is provided via existing wireless networks.
Wireless access is unbelievably fast, so fast it has to be seen to be believed.
Wireless access is widely available in a radius around a central antenna, and quite speedy.
Wireless access means that the user can always pull down the very latest information.
Wireless access offers a great degree of convenience and mobility to computer users.
Wireless access provides for faster speeds.
Wireless access seems intent on realizing the promise of the information superhighway.
All wireless accounts are burst-able.
Most wireless activity is at well-funded, private institutions that want instant global solutions.
Wireless ads can potentially deliver customized marketing messages at the right place and time.
Most wireless ads are spam.
Wireless adapters are available separately.
Wireless adapters are small radio transceivers and antennae.
Wireless adapters go in each PC, which communicates through shared-access points.
Wireless adapters have to be available.
Wireless advertising is an effective branding medium.
Wireless advertising is only as good as size and reach of the medium.
Wireless advertising works.
Wireless agents make it faster and easier to obtain information.
Wireless alternatives offer unique solutions for serving tribal lands, especially in remote areas.
Wireless amplifiers are available for the hearing impaired.
Wireless applications are so new that many potential trouble spots have yet to be identified.
Wireless applications check.
Wireless applications have a strong future.
Wireless applications head the list the high-impact innovations to be showcased.
Wireless applications improve productivity by improving corporate communications.
All wireless applications have the highest levels of security with encryption abilities.
Many wireless applications have little or no navigation.
Most wireless applications dispense entirely with graphics, for example.
Wireless bandwidth is precious, airtime is typically expensive, LCDs are tiny, data rates are slow.
Wireless bills get smaller.
Wireless bridges are a cost effective alternative to expensive leased telephone lines.
Wireless bridges are an exciting alternative, that is easy to install and affordable to operate.
Wireless cable has plenty of capacity and is cheap to set up.
Wireless cable is a rapidly growing area of TV broadcast transmission.
Wireless cameras are the finest monitoring systems available.
Wireless cameras have a built-in transmitter that sends the video signal to a receiver.
Wireless capabilities eliminate paper and pencil processes and reduce data entry work.
Wireless cards displays a list of which sets have been flagged to be downloaded.
Wireless cards have a square antenna that extends past the edge of the computer.
Wireless carriers are free to set whatever price structure they choose for the service they offer.
Wireless carriers are, indeed, invading local markets.
Wireless carriers ask for billing guidelines.
Wireless carriers continue to miss the boat in the United States.
Wireless carriers install antennas on towers and other hardware in base stations under the towers.
Wireless carriers make their revenue from encouraging usage of internet enabled phones and PDAs.
Wireless carriers provide information on rate plans, billing, usage and coverage areas.
All wireless carriers are supportive.
Most wireless carriers offer only a single channel for data.
Wireless channels tend to be slow and error-prone compared with physical connections.
Wireless classrooms are configurable classrooms.
Wireless client accesses general network services securely.
Wireless cloning makes special event frequency coordination a much easier task to manage.
Wireless commerce is a new method for conducting commerce anytime and anywhere.
Wireless communication allows people to communicate anywhere, with anyone.
Wireless communication allows remote control of gates and other devices.
Wireless communication can also be the two-way pager and smart cellular voice phone.
Wireless communication continues to grow dramatically, providing tremendous opportunities globally.
Wireless communication covers a really broad spectrum of capabilities that are intertwined.
Wireless communication gives easy and sophisticated verbal and data exchange.
Wireless communication has an inherent security problem.
Wireless communication is a fast-moving industry.
Wireless communication is a valuable tool.
Wireless communication is all the rage.
Wireless communication is an enabling factor in multiple mobile robot systems.
Wireless communication is information transfers.
Wireless communication is one of the hottest trends in telecommunications.
Wireless communication is particularly important for mobile computing.
Wireless communication is something that is infinitely familiar to most people.
Wireless communication is telecoms.
Wireless communication represents the ultimate consumer convenience.
Wireless communications are sensitive to terrain, so coverage is highly dependent on geography.
Wireless communications background a plus.
Wireless communications continue to grow at an unbelievable rate.
Wireless communications continue to grow in importance.
Wireless communications experience a plus.
Wireless communications is another option for making long distance serial connections.
Wireless communications is maybe the trend of the nineties.
Wireless communications is no exception.
Wireless communications take place over multipath fading channels.
Wireless companies are among the hotest stock buys available.
Wireless companies have less than two years to figure out which they prefer.
Wireless companies say they're upgrading as fast as possible.
Many wireless companies advertise very high data rates with their wireless products.
Most wireless companies use only one.
Wireless connections are also now possible.
Wireless connections are another growth area.
Wireless connections are available in many campus areas.
Wireless connections are immune to the fickle reliability and availability of telephone networks.
Wireless connections can also slow down when several people are sharing one access point.
Wireless connections have a bad rap.
Wireless connections offer a much greater speed than a normal dial-up analog phone line.
Wireless connections offer a much higher speed than normal dial-up analog lines.
Wireless connections provide mobile connection for Internet browsing, email, and communication.
Any wireless connection has the potential of bringing an infection to the device via downloads.
Wireless connectivity adds convenience and independence.
Wireless connectivity can be costly, so conventional standalone CAPI is also well supported.
Wireless connectivity continues to be a specialty.
Wireless connectivity frees people to work wherever they please.
Wireless connectivity is a near term priority.
Wireless connectivity is also available.
Wireless connectivity is also very attractive.
Wireless connectivity is another goal.
Wireless connectivity is built into the mainframe.
Wireless connectivity is priced on user bandwidth requirements.
Wireless connectivity is the only alternative.
Wireless connectivity means the student can now bring the computer to wherever they are working.
Wireless connectivity promises anytime, anywhere computing.
Wireless connectivity provides for improved productivity and competitiveness.
Wireless connectivity requires Palm.net service, featuring several monthly subscription options.
Wireless Constraints Developing content for wireless devices requires rethinking the Web experience.
Wireless content is delivered as text only.
Wireless content is far more than a simple extension of existing content.
Wireless convention showcases untethered future.
Wireless coverage is limited by two factors, service areas and technology capability.
Wireless customers stick with the first reliable site that provides relevant information.
Some wireless customers are high-volume callers and some just use their phones occasionally.
Wireless data is a service looking for an application.
Wireless data is also in the early stages here.
Wireless data is an emerging competitive force.
Wireless data is defined as communication without wires over distance using arbitrary codes.
Wireless data is neither a cause nor cure for cancer.
Wireless data is on fire.
Wireless data is our new opportunity to increase the market.
Wireless data is probably one of the hottest communication segments out there right now.
Wireless data is slower than wired, there is no getting around that.
Wireless data is transmitted using the same transmission networks as phone calls.
Wireless data Take, for example, wireless data and Internet.
Wireless design makes installation fast and easy.
Wireless developers have a unique authentication challenge.
Wireless devices are commonplace, a virtual necessity, in today's business arena.
Wireless devices are good for quick hits of information.
Wireless devices are more personal.
Wireless devices are more problematic than any other type of mobile equipment.
Wireless devices are red hot.
Wireless devices are very new to the Internet.
Wireless devices can communicate with a network infrastructure through the base station.
Wireless devices communicate at slow speeds.
Wireless devices eliminate the labor and mess associated with retrofitting a home for automation.
Wireless devices have very low bandwidth.
Wireless devices make connectivity much more affordable in many countries.
Wireless devices provide the value of mobility, convenience and instant access.
Wireless devices represent limited processing power, memory and simple user interface.
Wireless devices tend to have limited CPU, memory, and battery life.
Wireless electricity is best where someone needs to provide a lot of power at a constant rate.
Wireless electricity uses both steps to transfer energy.
Wireless equipment continues to be one of the best prospects for U.S. exporters.
All wireless equipment comes with a years warranty.
All wireless equipment includes a fresh battery.
Wireless ethernet is a supplement, rather than replacement, to wired ethernet access.
Wireless executives point out that they have a strong profit incentive to add location technology.
Wireless executives say the two standards have different positives and negatives.
Wireless extensions are available for various platforms.
Wireless firms cross the Atlantic to expand the reach of networks.
Wireless firms look to each other for revenue growth and their future.
Wireless flash is a great feature.
Wireless hardware is optional.
Wireless headphones are also part of the package.
Wireless headphones are available for the hearing impaired.
Wireless headphones are available in the lobby at no charge.
Wireless headphones fall into three main categories.
Wireless headsets are available for our hearing impaired patrons.
Wireless headsets are compatible with most business phone systems.
Wireless headsets have a battery life of two to six hours, depending on the product.
Some wireless headsets work by infrared, like a television remote control.
Wireless hosts can form ad hoc networks without using any fixed backbone.
Wireless hubs connect to twisted pair hubs to allow interconnectivity.
Wireless hubs relay the show back to the home office or treatment center.
Wireless hype is extreme.
Wireless industry is one of the fastest growing market places in history.
Wireless infrastructure is a complex business.
Wireless installation maintains the integrity of the home.
Every wireless installation is different.
Wireless interfaces are available for desktop as well as notebook computers.
Wireless internet is a toy, just as most cell phones are in general.
Wireless Internet is fast, reliable and inexpensive.
Wireless Internet is high-speed Internet without the use of telephone lines.
Wireless Internet is high-speed, always on, with no busy signals.
Wireless internet is more cost effective in the long run.
Wireless Internet is much faster than traditional dial-up service.
Wireless Internet is so secure that it actually caused the webmaster some problems.
Wireless internet requires NO phone infrastructure.
Wireless Internet works much like any other wireless product.
Wireless kits are another story.
Wireless kits are the next wave of home networking products.
Wireless labs eliminate the risk of students and staff tripping and becoming injured.
Wireless Laptops are available.
Wireless laptops are today's Silicon Valley tool and tomorrow's commonplace tool for road warriors.
Wireless laptops can go home.
Wireless links are less secure.
Wireless links have mysterious and sometimes counter-intuitive characteristics.
Wireless links is an equal opportunity employer.
Wireless links leave communications wide open to interception.
Wireless links provide a welcomed mobility, replacing unsightly wires and cables.
Any wireless medium is essentially a radio station broadcasting the conversation.
Wireless messaging is one of the fastest-growing segments of the telecommunications industry.
Wireless messaging is our core competence.
Wireless microphone captures audio right at the source.
Wireless microphone is located in the drawer in the projection booth.
Wireless microphones allow for effective toasts and presentations.
Wireless microphones are also available.
Wireless microphones are an excellent choice, however they are more expensive.
Wireless microphones are available for chairs, referents and the audience.
Wireless microphones are available for use in the auditoriums.
Wireless microphones are available in some rooms.
Wireless microphones are standard.
Wireless microphones are, by definition, micro-radio transmitters.
Wireless microphones catch the conversations.
Wireless microphones offer many advantages.
Wireless microphones share the same frequencies as television transmitters.
Wireless microphones use radio transmissions to replace the microphone cable.
Wireless mikes get hits or crap out completely at the worst possible time.
Wireless models are increasingly available as well.
Wireless modem is built in and automatic.
Wireless modems are slow, and coverage is often spotty.
Wireless modems send or receive data as a radio signal.
Most wireless modems use a serial interface even when imp lemented as a PC Card device.
Wireless mice are nice for letting one walk around a room.
Some wireless mice have gyroscopes to broadcast position information.
Wireless multimedia represents the combination of the personal cellular phone with the television.
Wireless nets can be easier to set up and can be far more flexible than their wired counterparts.
Wireless nets move data more slowly than ethernet LANs.
Wireless network is now a practical way to extend the wired network.
Wireless networks allow synchronous activity during periods of connection.
Wireless networks are also great for notebook users in an office environment.
Wireless networks are also vulnerable to passive eavesdropping attacks.
Wireless networks are barely up to the task of mobile commerce.
Wireless networks are big news all over the world.
Wireless networks are considerably slower than current wireline networks.
Wireless networks are great for certain applications and specific environments.
Wireless networks are great for flexible offices, hospitals, warehouses and factories, and schools.
Wireless networks are inevitable.
Wireless networks are just that.
Wireless networks are less deterministic.
Wireless networks are no exceptions.
Wireless networks are quicker and cheaper to build than landlines.
Wireless networks are simple to scale.
Wireless networks are still a bit more costly than the wired kind.
Wireless networks are still new so they're pricier and have the potential for more problems.
Wireless networks are unpredictable but they can be conquered.
Wireless networks can be land-based or satelite based.
Wireless networks can be more affordable than wired networks.
Wireless networks can support a limited number of users.
Wireless networks come in a variety of combinations of size, range, speed, complexity, and price.
Wireless networks consist of several different types of transmission medium.
Wireless networks delivers lower bandwidth than wired network.
Wireless networks fall into one of three categories.
Wireless networks have to be upgraded.
Wireless networks have to operate over a shared communication medium.
Wireless networks increase productivity.
Wireless networks loom as the next important phase of the Web.
Wireless networks offer two primary advantages over regular networks.
Wireless networks present a paradox for security.
Wireless networks provide the next step in utility and convenience for many industries.
Wireless networks remain very slow, but the issue of speed is much misunderstood.
Wireless networks require their own set of special network management considerations.
Wireless networks use encryption for security, as transmissions can be intercepted.
Wireless networks use frequencies separate from cell phones.
Wireless networks use radio waves and require no physical connections.
Most wireless networks use spread-spectrum signaling to send data between computers.
Wireless notebooks are the future of data-centric mobile access, largely due to very human factors.
Wireless operation allows freedom of movement.
Wireless operation means no cable rigging, and super portability.
Wireless operators promote value-added services and invest resources in customer education.
Wireless option is in most cases is very expensive.
Wireless organizer is the one that really matters.
Wireless phones are already more widespread than desktop computers.
Wireless phones are an important personal safety tool.
Wireless phones are an important weapon in the war against domestic violence.
Wireless phones are available in all public computing centers.
Wireless phones are cheaper than personal computers and are almost always with the user.
Wireless phones are convenient and often increase work efficiency.
Wireless phones are everywhere.
Wireless phones are small enough to fit in our pockets and purses.
Wireless phones are the fastest growing consumer products in history.
Wireless phones are tremendously versatile on their own.
Wireless phones can be analog or digital, depending on the type of transmission signal.
Wireless phones can be convenient items to own.
Wireless phones DO have limitations.
Wireless phones work by sending and receiving signals over radio waves.
Any wireless phone is acceptable.
Many wireless phones are dependant on satellites to bounce their signals.
Most wireless phones are able to accommodate local ten-digit dialing.
Most wireless phones can receive messages.
Wireless portal is a website that supports a user with a smart phone or alphanumeric pager.
Wireless portals deliver time-sensitive, localised, and customised content to a variety of devices.
Wireless portals deliver time-sensitive, localized, and customized content to a variety of devices.
Wireless portals translate data from a Web page to a specific device.
Wireless projects are also underway in selected campus areas.
Wireless projects start out innocently enough and often without much fanfare.
Wireless providers are eager to begin making money on mobile data services.
Wireless providers can now develop content specific products for their customers.
Wireless providers drench a data-parched market.
Wireless providers have access to an amazing amount of personal information about their subscribers.
Many wireless providers market themselves as offering the lowest priced service.
Most wireless providers offer insurance plans to cover loss, theft or damage.
Most wireless providers outsource that component.
Some wireless providers sell phones that receive both analog and digital signals.
Wireless range is limited.
Wireless regulation is needed as the spectrum is finite.
Wireless remotes are also available for use in larger classrooms.
Wireless remotes are available by request.
Wireless research is hot.
Wireless schools is just one of many.
Wireless sensors are very easy to set up.
Wireless service eliminates the cost of leased lines from the telephone company.
Wireless service is currently available to customers in Sheridan, Wyoming.
Wireless service is still pretty expensive.
Wireless service is subject to credit approval and early cancellation fees.
Wireless services are also taxable.
Wireless services are important and let banks reach and keep customers.
Wireless services bypass all that and zoom in directly to the customer.
Wireless services make even the most rural community accessible through communications.
Some wireless services are much more efficient and cost effective than others.
Most wireless sets come in pairs of two speakers.
Wireless sites have transceiver.
Wireless solutions provide a new level of productivity enhancements for many different users.
Wireless spam can also be a disaster for employers who have to pay the bills.
Wireless spectrum is a finite resource.
Wireless speeds vary, depending on how many people are using it at the same time.
Wireless stations are now available for quick easy installation.
Wireless support is a natural eventuality for Web applications.
Wireless support is a wishlist feature.
Wireless support is now available for it essentially nationwide.
Wireless support is weak in most packages.
Wireless system is available with a variety of microphone and transmitter options.
Wireless systems are available with body-pack or handheld transmitters.
Wireless systems are available.
Wireless systems are just at their toddler age.
Wireless systems are much easier to setup and, as necessary, move from location to location.
Wireless systems are open to interference.
Wireless systems are subject to interference from outside sources.
Wireless systems are subject to transmission difficulties.
Wireless systems designed for corporations tend to cost nearly ten times that much.
Wireless systems employ protocols that vary from one service to another.
Wireless systems have the advantage of low cost, simple operation, and portability to a new home.
Wireless systems represent a significant advance in network bridging technology.
Wireless systems require careful implementation and very focused goals.
Wireless systems require low-cost security solutions in highly constrained hardware environments.
Wireless systems share many things in common.
Wireless systems use battery powered transmitters to connect the various system components.
Wireless systems use many ways to transmit information.
Any wireless system is prone to eavesdropping.
Wireless technologies are a crucial part of the future of networking.
Wireless technologies are cheaper and are making rapid changes possible.
Wireless technologies are far more advanced and pervasive than most realize.
Wireless technologies have definite limitations, but so do their wired alternatives.
Wireless technologies look very favorable as a last mile solution for ISPs, especially in India.
Wireless technologies offer affordable access without stringing copper wire.
Wireless technologies provide the traditional flexibility and mobility.
Wireless technologies support a broad geography on any specific frequency.
Wireless technology allows studying to take place outside of traditional learning areas.
Wireless technology allows teachers to stay connected from every remote corner of a school campus.
Wireless technology brings an even more dramatic aspect to the scene.
Wireless technology can also help drivers when their trailers or containers are lost or stolen.
Wireless technology can enable many new, exciting products and markets.
Wireless technology can help cut down the tangle.
Wireless technology can help women regain control of their lives.
Wireless technology can make daily tasks easier by providing mobility, portability, and usability.
Wireless technology can play an important role, if the spectrum management policies allow it.
Wireless technology can provide flexibility in other ways, too.
Wireless technology can provide numerous benefits in the business world.
Wireless technology comes in few flavors.
Wireless technology continues to evolve.
Wireless technology does have a role to play in our enterprise computing strategy.
Wireless technology enables organizations to be more responsive to customers and business partners.
Wireless technology grows with each passing year.
Wireless technology has enormous potential to change the way people and things communicate.
Wireless technology has the advantage to be deployed much more rapidly than wireline technology.
Wireless technology has tremendous potential.
Wireless technology helps hospitals streamline paperwork, which improves customer service.
Wireless technology holds much promise for promoting communication access in the region.
Wireless technology includes end points.
Wireless technology is an important option.
Wireless technology is an important part of our new high-tech economy.
Wireless technology is another area that has great promise.
Wireless technology is cheaper, faster and almost always available.
Wireless technology is convenient, but impractical.
Wireless technology is even faster than cable modem service.
Wireless technology is here to stay.
Wireless technology is in place for the transportation system.
Wireless technology is increasingly essential.
Wireless technology is one of the fastest-growing areas of business.
Wireless technology is perhaps the hottest telecomm industry today.
Wireless technology is seen very much as an area in which Europe has the potential to take the lead.
Wireless technology is 'shared network' technology.
Wireless technology is still in the early stages of development, but it has exciting possibilities.
Wireless technology is the future for Internet access.
Wireless technology is the future.
Wireless technology is used to allow all participants the opportunity to vote for the top factors.
Wireless technology keeps physicians connected even as they make their rounds.
Wireless technology needs to be assessed as an alternative to traditional wiring.
Wireless technology offers a solution.
Wireless technology offers ease of installation and no wiring to worry about.
Wireless technology offers roaming and mobility in addition to flexible deployment strategies.
Wireless technology opens up new possibilities for E-commerce.
Wireless technology operates somewhat like a cell phone.
Wireless technology poses a challenge for wireless carriers.
Wireless technology produces clueless technodependency.
Wireless technology promises anywhere, anytime Internet access.
Wireless technology provides portability and in some cases mobility.
Wireless technology provides student access to the SJa network and the internet from any location.
Wireless technology puts information and communication where the business is.
Wireless technology reduces the quantity of PC s, lan connections and duplicated data entry.
Wireless technology requires that each handset have a separate phone number.
Wireless technology uses light or radio waves instead of copper wire or cable.
Wireless technology uses two-way encryption when transmitting data over the connection.
Wireless telecom is a large, vibrant, growing industry.
Wireless telecom is a mess in America.
Wireless telecommunications experience a plus.
Wireless telecommunications is one.
Wireless telecommunications sysyems, computer-telephony integration, and internetworking.
A wireless telegraphy is a telecom
Wireless telegraphy is invented in West Virginia.
Wireless telegraphy is very much like photography and everything else worth knowing.
A wireless telephone is a telephone
Wireless telephones are common in homes.
Wireless telephones are telephones.
Wireless telephones are very common now.
Wireless telephones have great utility.
Wireless telephones support portable communications.
All wireless telephones are basically radio transceivers.
Wireless throttles add an additional touch of realism.
Wireless transmission ensures complete freedom of movement while cycling or during other exercise.
Wireless transmission imposes other constraints.
Wireless transmission offers true mobile computing.
Wireless transmission represents a viable alternative.
Wireless transmissions are susceptible to interception and tampering.
Wireless transmissions require more sophisticated devices but offer major advantages.
Most wireless transmission is between mobile unit and base station.
All wireless transmitters have 'dead spots' within their transmission range.
Wireless types are best because they give an accurate readout and are comfortable to wear.
Wireless usage is on the rise and is fast becoming a way to simplify life on the go.
Wireless users can navigate through server-based documents by using images maps and hyperlinks.
Wireless users can roam throughout the coverage zones and remain connected to the network.
Wireless users can then access that link from their wireless devices.
Wireless users can thus maximize mobility with no dropped sessions.
Wireless users can update their information on the fly, the company says.
Wireless users designate third-party contacts upon enrollment.
Wireless WANs can cover anything from a city to a continent.
Wireless waveforms experience a plus.
Wireless web uses a different protocol than traditional internet.
Wireless wonders are the next wave of technology, and Hampton Roads is along for the ride.
A wiretap is an investigation
Wiretap has many older books in text format.
Wiretaps are a common tool in espionage investigations and are used in some criminal probes.
Wiretaps are electrical devices.
Wiretaps are investigations.
Wiretaps are lawful with a warrant, but remain controversial.
Wiretaps have no such potential for coercive use.
Wiretapped conversations are available in a variety of PC sound formats.
Wireworm eggs are minute, oval and pearly-white.
A wireworm is a larva
Wireworm feeding on the seed piece or stem also opens tubers to decay and rot organisms.
Wireworm larvae cause the greatest feeding damage during their second and third years.
Wireworms are a major pest to potatoes.
Wireworms are an unpredictable pest that can severely damage corn stands.
Wireworms are beetle larva that are found in soil where they feed on roots.
Wireworms are click beetle larvae.
Wireworms are difficult to control with available insecticides.
Wireworms are difficult to detect and control.
Wireworms are elateriform larvae.
Wireworms are especially destructive to corn, but all the small grains are also attacked.
Wireworms are larvae of a group of beetles commonly called click beetles.
Wireworms are larvas.
Wireworms are occasionally a concern to farmers planting corn.
Wireworms are one of the most difficult insects to detect and one of the hardest to control.
Wireworms are slender, shiny, cream colored to brown larvae about one-half inch long.
Wireworms are the larvae of beetles commonly called skipjacks, snapping beetles or click beetles.
Wireworms are the larvae of click beetles.
Wireworms are the larvae of the click beetle.
Wireworms are the larval forms of click beetles.
Wireworms are very shiny garden pests.
Wireworms are very thin, yellow, pink or orangish worms that feed on potatoes.
Wireworms can be destructive to corn, potatoes, wheat, barley and onions in Manitoba.
Wireworms can cause damage to potatoes and other crops.
Wireworms can damage corn, resulting in stand loss during the seedling stage.
Wireworms can readily move around in the soil and can avoid the wet areas.
Wireworms continue to cause low levels of damage in most Georgia peanut fields.
Wireworms damage corn by feeding on germinating seeds and the root system.
Wireworms damage corn in several ways.
Wireworms damage newly set tobacco plants by boring into and tunneling in the stalks.
Wireworms do most of their damage in the early spring when they are near the soil surface.
Wireworms feed on roots, are light to medium brown in color and have hard, almost shell-like body.
Wireworms feed on seed and underground plant parts.
Wireworms feed on seeds and roots, producing weak plants.
Wireworms feed on seeds, roots, and stems, producing weak plants.
Wireworms feed on the roots of many newly planted crops such as beans, corn, potatoes, etc.
Wireworms feed on the roots or underground stems of tobacco plants.
Wireworms have chewing mouth parts and feed entirely underground.
Wireworms occur throughout the agricultural regions of southern Manitoba.
Wireworms tunnel in potato stems, roots and tubers and can do a great deal of damage.
Some wireworms are almost flat.
Wiring closet is the concentration point.
Wiring closet is vulnerable.
Wiring can be a confusing subject but our members can help.
Wiring can have too many variables.
Wiring can include layout of lighting and power outlets.
Wiring distributes electrical energy throughout the aircraft so it has to be reliable and safe .
Wiring enables the stems to bend, and also lengthens a stem.
Wiring exists to allow future instalation of video cameras.
Wiring Have any cracked, frayed, or damaged electrical cords replaced.
Wiring is a major concern, there being few changes since the early days.
Wiring is a possibility.
Wiring is a snap as well.
Wiring is a tricky subject.
Wiring is accessible quickly and easily, under both field and non-field conditions.
Wiring is also difficult due to profuse, erratic branch growth.
Wiring is begun on the emergency DC power system for the roof.
Wiring is charged on a time and materials basis.
Wiring is cheap.
Wiring is circuits.
Wiring is color-coded and reasonably neat.
Wiring is completed inside of the cabin and electricity is connected.
Wiring is completed.
Wiring is contained in the tube frame rails.
Wiring is covered or clearly marked.
Wiring is currently in process beginning on the third floor.
Wiring is currently in progress.
Wiring is easy.
Wiring is expensive and simply writing a UK cheque works.
Wiring is fairly straight forward.
Wiring is fun.
Wiring is hooked up with the help of the included three wire plug-in connector.
Wiring is in very bad condition.
Wiring is inadequate for technology.
Wiring is included.
Wiring is introduced.
Wiring is irrelevant.
Wiring is labeled for ease of service.
Wiring is located in computers.
Wiring is located in electric blankets.
Wiring is long for testing and was cut down to size in the final version.
Wiring is made to last the anticipated life of a plane.
Wiring is manual labor.
Wiring is neatly bundled and secured.
Wiring is on track, but the cabling people are nowhere to be seen.
Wiring is overhead and in conduit.
Wiring is present, and there is a bit of ceiling paint on the base, easily removed.
Wiring is relatively simple.
Wiring is run through the pipe, under the deck and into the house.
Wiring is run through the wall, out of sight.
Wiring is run.
Wiring is simple and takes only a few seconds.
Wiring is simple, requiring only one pair of telephone wires.
Wiring is software.
Wiring is source of radiation now that cold motors are used.
Wiring is the key topic of the day for the custom home install market.
Wiring is the medium that conducts the data from one location to another.
Wiring is the nervous system of every electronic system.
Wiring is the normal means by which most businesses make their payments.
Wiring is updated, apartments totally remodeled, updated heating system, and new rubber roof.
Wiring is wiring.
Wiring meets code requirements.
Wiring refers to two techniques.
Wiring requires knowledge of electrical codes.
Wiring runs through the vault wall and into a suspended ceiling across the hallway.
All wiring is concealed in the floor.
All wiring is done via fast connect jacks for instant service.
All wiring is enclosed in conduit pipe.
All wiring is enclosed in the frame for the trailer protecting it from rock, sand and snow.
All wiring is enclosed within the frame for protection.
All wiring is homeran to specific location.
All wiring is in flexible and rigid conduit approved by the inspector.
All wiring is intact and it plays good.
All wiring is intact and it plays great.
All wiring is intact, and it plays great.
All wiring is internal within the antler.
All wiring is internal.
All wiring is marine grade and tinned.
All wiring is neatly harnessed and labeled, and the wiring schematic hangs inside the door.
All wiring is new.
All wiring is numbered for easy identification.
All wiring is point to point, and layout as well as execution are very neat.
All wiring is sealed inside the body with wires for lighting effects at several locations.
All wiring is substantial and protected.
All wiring is to be installed in the wall where practical.
All wiring is watertight for safe, easy washdown, and construction is sanitary-type throughout.
All wiring passes through the conduit.
More wiring is seen.
Most wiring is in black split loom or plastic tubing to protect the wires' insulation.
Most wiring is on the back side of the top panel.
Some wiring is in place.
Some wisconsin badgers apparel rub less for high, how place drunk nobody.
Wisconsin states impose mercury emission reduction rules.
Wisconsin states impose rules.
Most wisconsin states impose mercury emission reduction rules.
Most wisconsin states impose rules.
Wisconsin is part of America.
Wisconsin isa thing.
Wisdom literature is a sacred writing
Wisdom literature is about how to live, how to be an authentic human being.
Wisdom literature is about sayings of wisdom that teach about divinity and wisdom .
Wisdom literature is about sayings of wisdom that teach about divinity and wisdom.
Wisdom literature is in many ways the opposite, or rather complement, of the religious perspective.
Wisdom literature is that which gives simple, common-sense advise on how to live in a chaotic world.
Wisdom literature likens pleasant words and wisdom to honey.
Wisdom literature tells the reader has about how nature is made , and what reality is .
A wisdom tooth is a grinder
Wisdom teeth are a valuable asset to the mouth when they are healthy and well-positioned.
Wisdom teeth are an asset to the mouth when they are healthy and properly positioned.
Wisdom teeth are the last set of teeth to develop thus causing abnormal growth from the gum line.
Wisdom teeth are the last teeth to erupt within the mouth.
Wisdom teeth are third molars.
Wisdom teeth begin to form at nine years of age.
Wisdom teeth can be hard to clean and are more prone to decay.
Wisdom teeth can cause pain.
Wisdom teeth can lead to a variety of problems.
Wisdom teeth cause more problems than any other tooth in the mouth.
Wisdom teeth pulling is overrated.
Wisdom tooth is the common name given to the third molar.
Wisdom tooths are located in mouths.
Wisdom tooths are molars.
Wisdom tooths are tooths.
All wisdom teeth are present.
Wisdom traditions advise practicing mourning.
Wisdom traditions understand the dark night as a time of incredible opportunity.
Wisdom accepts that certainty, as well as the certainly of death.
Wisdom alone has patiently to be sought.
Wisdom also draws the limits of perception.
Wisdom also embraces the notion of values and does so without apology and embarrassment.
Wisdom also gives a high estimate of women as an independent personality.
Wisdom also means keeping an open mind to better or more appropriate ways to solve a problem.
Wisdom arises directly from one's own experience, introspection, and realization.
Wisdom arises followed by a clear comprehension in the Cycle of Existence.
Wisdom arises from mindfulness and concentration.
Wisdom arises in the mind and happiness abides in the heart.
Wisdom arises through the realization of the unity of the senses and their object.
Wisdom avails no more than folly.
Wisdom avidly pursues peace.
Wisdom bears great treasure to make the weak grow strong.
Wisdom becomes the entity which holds creation and salvation history together .
Wisdom begets wisdom.
Wisdom begins in awe and wonder.
Wisdom begins in wonder.
Wisdom begins with listening to our own lives.
Wisdom begins with listening.
Wisdom begins with understanding the answers to the right questions.
Wisdom behooves our learning from the ancients.
Wisdom belongs to age and children don t know how to die.
Wisdom breeds understanding for recovery, however - the tortoise did beat the rabbit.
Wisdom can be a good thing.
Wisdom can be as subtle as the touch of a spider web.
Wisdom can come in that moment, guiding an accurate response to what really is.
Wisdom can make a person honest and well disciplined.
Wisdom can make a person honest and well-disciplined.
Wisdom can only come to the pure.
Wisdom can readily transform memory into an angel of comfort.
Wisdom can take it.
Wisdom can understand knowledge and decipher information.
Wisdom carries no ruler or scales to determine the worth of others.
Wisdom challenges the assumption that revelation in history is all that counts in biblical theology.
Wisdom clarifies the heart and returns it to a state of order and beauty.
Wisdom comes after information and knowledge.
Wisdom comes by disillusionment.
Wisdom comes from above.
Wisdom comes from deep knowledge and has transferred understanding.
Wisdom comes from elders who are tried in the fire of truth and righteousness.
Wisdom comes from experience .
Wisdom comes from experience, as does most lesser knowledge.
Wisdom comes from experience, from our families, from our values, and from within.
Wisdom comes from experience.
Wisdom comes from having multiple perspectives.
Wisdom comes from intellectual theories but also from life practice.
Wisdom comes from intelligence, yes, but intelligence can be quite directionless.
Wisdom comes from it.
Wisdom comes from knowledge, experience, judgment, accomplishment, triumph, and defeat.
Wisdom comes from learning and is based in knowledge.
Wisdom comes from learning and is based on knowledge.
Wisdom comes from learning the difficult lessons which experience teaches.
Wisdom comes from living the laws, from using the procedures.
Wisdom comes from living.
Wisdom comes from many sources and is unmistakable when it is heard.
Wisdom comes from sharing.
Wisdom comes from the personal relating of knowledge and experience.
Wisdom comes in many shapes and sizes.
Wisdom comes in many varieties and packages.
Wisdom comes into play at three levels here.
Wisdom comes on silent wings.
Wisdom comes only with age.
Wisdom comes through knowledge of the self, through deep reflection and meditation.
Wisdom comes when there is mindfulness and full concentration.
Wisdom comes with age as age becomes age only with wisdom.
Wisdom comes with age.
Wisdom comes with experience.
Wisdom comes with learning.
Wisdom comes with long experience.
Wisdom comprehends the truth and loves all the same.
Wisdom concerning things that begin with X is in short supply of late.
Wisdom consists in the abolition of the very consciousness of the externality of things.
Wisdom consists of knowing when to avoid perfection.
Wisdom consists of letting the non-essentials pass by.
Wisdom consists of the anticipation of consequences.
Wisdom contains no opinion or selfishness.
Wisdom controls the success in making an item.
Wisdom creates software that is useful, rather than technically brilliant.
Wisdom cries out in the public places where power is exercised.
Wisdom cries out, but it is often met with a lack of consistent concentration.
Wisdom crosses the Jordan barrier - the veil.
Wisdom decrees that in counsel and in dialogue is the way to peace.
Wisdom demands attention here too.
Wisdom demands that one keeps one s fingers crossed.
Wisdom demands that there be two witnesses to the truth.
Wisdom demands the sharing of knowledge.
Wisdom demonstrates itself in life application.
Wisdom denotes the pursuing of the best ends by the best means.
Wisdom denotes the pursuit of the best ends by the best means.
Wisdom depends on the breadth and depth of people's perspectives.
Wisdom derives from way of life, and is as fragile as nature.
Wisdom deserves more attention.
Wisdom destroys ego .
Wisdom dictates behaving cautiously around strangers at times.
Wisdom dictates calling for unity of ranks rather than discord.
Wisdom dictates that having some emergency supplies is just a prudent thing to do.
Wisdom does demand, of course, that they separate their religion from their political work.
Wisdom draws with the paintbrush of rage.
Wisdom emerges from inner inquiry.
Wisdom enables one to perceive right courses of thought, of feeling and of action.
Wisdom encompasses both beauty and truth.
Wisdom encourages discovery and expression, celebrating the diversity within our community.
Wisdom exemplifies the feminine dimension of Yahweh.
Wisdom exists within.
Wisdom explains the essence of things.
Wisdom finds a place in creation both animate and inanimate.
Wisdom finds the necessary daily dying challenging and engaging.
Wisdom floats through the air on the the powerful rhythms of a drum beat.
Wisdom generally means a practical skill in the affairs of life, such as prudence, decision making.
Wisdom gives man that true perspective with which to discover the real purpose of life.
Wisdom gives objectivity to our life.
Wisdom gives our souls power to experience divine things.
Wisdom gives wings to knowledge.
Wisdom grows from experience for everyone.
Wisdom grows from problems.
Wisdom hangs up the thermometer at the furnace mouth, and regulates the heat.
Wisdom has a future.
Wisdom has a generous quality.
Wisdom has a moral dimension.
Wisdom has existence, principle has existence, the Way has existence, spirit is nothingness.
Wisdom has more to do with distillation and reduction than volume.
Wisdom has the advantage of giving success.
Wisdom Has To Be Learned.
Wisdom has to do with the practical use of the knowledge.
Wisdom has to reach out into the world.
Wisdom has two parts.
Wisdom helps control at best.
Wisdom here is profitable to direct.
Wisdom illustrates the truth the precise Reality of the present moment.
Wisdom includes coping strategies, laughter therapy, and yoga exercises.
Wisdom includes discerning their relationships and relevance to one another.
Wisdom includes facing up to our own death.
Wisdom includes hesitating to reach confident convictions about complex matters.
Wisdom integrates both intellectual and experiential information.
Wisdom involves aims and purposes and ideals, which is even more than knowledge.
Wisdom involves character .
Wisdom involves discernment and reflection on the riddles of life.
Wisdom involves more than knowledge.
Wisdom involves more than the mental ability to see different sides of an issue.
Wisdom involves using past experience to help solve a current situation.
Wisdom involves values.
Wisdom is .
Wisdom is a bodhisattva's purified buddhaland.
Wisdom is a character thing.
Wisdom is a combination of knowledge and love.
Wisdom is a difficult, expensive proposition.
Wisdom is a feminine way of knowing the world.
Wisdom is a fountain of life to the wise, but trying to educate stupid people is a waste of time.
Wisdom is a gate, but the handle is too high to reach.
Wisdom is a gift gained through perseverance in the face of despair.
Wisdom is a good thing.
Wisdom is a lie, knowledge is unattainable.
Wisdom is a matter of action.
Wisdom is a matter of staging knowledge.
Wisdom is a monarch who rules over all the virtues.
Wisdom is a path to a place that's ultimately unknowable to the traveler.
Wisdom is a perfect knowledge.
Wisdom is a person.
Wisdom is a personal quality brought to the use of information.
Wisdom is a process that takes time and experience.
Wisdom is a putting together, knowledge a taking apart.
Wisdom is a respected part of our heritage.
Wisdom is a source of grief and sorrow.
Wisdom is a source of joy and peace.
Wisdom is a special knowledge in excess of all that is known.
Wisdom is a state of the human mind characterized by profound understanding and deep insight.
Wisdom is a tasteless meal.
Wisdom is a term that expresses the perfectly intelligent character of love.
Wisdom is a truer measure of one's worth than how many things one owns or how much one does.
Wisdom is a useless old fool.
Wisdom is a virtue to aspire to and be granted or hard win.
Wisdom is a woman, and loves only a warrior.
Wisdom is a woman, who stands by the way, and calls out to everyone who passes by.
Wisdom is about balance.
Wisdom is about knowing how something technical can be best used to meet the needs of people.
Wisdom is accumulated emotion.
Wisdom is achieved primarily through meditation.
Wisdom is acquired by the experience of correct actions based upon true knowledge and insight.
Wisdom is acquired through a lifetime of listening, observing and learning from mistakes.
Wisdom is acquired using the body as well as the mind.
Wisdom is acquired.
Wisdom is against illicit sexual relationships for a number of reasons on a personal level.
Wisdom is ageless, after all.
Wisdom is aligned with the status quo, whereas prophecy rebels against it.
Wisdom is all about creating a better life and living more abundantly.
Wisdom is also a good thing to have since their many of their spells and abilities are based on it.
Wisdom is also largely a pessimist's field, by the way.
Wisdom is always practical, because wisdom is problem orientated.
Wisdom is an accumulation of experiences - good and bad.
Wisdom is an acquired taste.
Wisdom is an affair of mental discernment in the highest directions.
Wisdom is an understanding of the relatedness of facts and the consequences of behavior.
Wisdom is another aspect of intelligence that has only recently been researched.
Wisdom is another attribute of benevolence.
Wisdom is anticipation via knowledge.
Wisdom is as wisdom does.
Wisdom is available here, free of charge.
Wisdom is available to all at any time.
Wisdom is available.
Wisdom is based on a harmonic progression by Handel.
Wisdom is better than much fine gold.
Wisdom is better than possessions and an advantage to all who see the sun.
Wisdom is better than rifles.
Wisdom is better than rubies.
Wisdom is better than silver and gold.
Wisdom is better than strength.
Wisdom is better than weapons of war, but one sinner can destroy much good.
Wisdom is better than weapons of war, but one sinner destroys much good.
Wisdom is better than weapons of war.
Wisdom is born from a combination of gained experience and the comprehension of information.
Wisdom is born in the Sea of Serenity.
Wisdom is both sensible and moral.
Wisdom is brought out when faced with hardship.
Wisdom is called for.
Wisdom is categorized as someone feminine.
Wisdom is common sense in an uncommon degree.
Wisdom is complete awakening.
Wisdom is concerned with ideas and insights.
Wisdom is connected to prudence as health is to medicine.
Wisdom is content
Wisdom is content.
Wisdom is created out of the struggle to find a way to exercise authority as an expression of love.
Wisdom is created.
Wisdom is deep.
Wisdom is defined differently by many cultures .
Wisdom is defined differently by many cultures.
Wisdom is described variously in Scripture.
Wisdom is different from knowledge.
Wisdom is different than knowledge.
Wisdom is difficult to speak.
Wisdom is discernment of heart and discipline of mouth.
Wisdom is discovered through the problems encountered.
Wisdom is dynamic, and withers away if it is never challenged or supplanted.
Wisdom is earned through experiences good and bad.
Wisdom is easier said than done, in any case.
Wisdom is easy to carry but difficult to gather.
Wisdom is enhanced through the interaction with people and affairs.
Wisdom is especially important when dealing with a child who is nearly grown.
Wisdom is essential and is the ability to apply knowledge and faith.
Wisdom is essential for the teacher.
Wisdom is examined experience.
Wisdom is expressed through the Teacher .
Wisdom is far more valuable than gold or glass.
Wisdom is folly, all art is useless.
Wisdom is for any man who chooses to reach for it.
Wisdom is for the soul, as food is for the body.
Wisdom is found in silence as well as in words.
Wisdom is found in the realms of mystery, and is the only true path to revelation.
Wisdom is found internally and is warm with emotion.
Wisdom is found only by entering into mystery.
Wisdom is free.
Wisdom is full of mercy and good fruits.
Wisdom is full of mercy.
Wisdom is gained both by study and through actions.
Wisdom is gained from understanding, and understanding from learning and experience.
Wisdom is gained looking back.
Wisdom is gained through experience.
Wisdom is gentle.
Wisdom is given to the worshiper.
Wisdom is good judgment.
Wisdom is good too.
Wisdom is good.
Wisdom is guided by ethics.
Wisdom is harder.
Wisdom is hard-won and takes many years to gain.
Wisdom is hidden in darkness .
Wisdom is hidden in darkness.
Wisdom is humble and approachable.
Wisdom is impaired and extinguished by mental inattention, indifference and laziness.
Wisdom is important because it leads to deed.
Wisdom is in knowing the difference.
Wisdom is in our minds, and harmony in our hearts.
Wisdom is in short supply in the world.
Wisdom is in the books.
Wisdom is in the choice.
Wisdom is in their simplification.
Wisdom is inevitably cautious.
Wisdom is inherent in evolution, as a wise change supports all life and is good for all.
Wisdom is insight and understanding of what is true and right.
Wisdom is intelligence shaped by experience.
Wisdom is intelligence, qen practical action in accord with it.
Wisdom is intuitive guidance that is more powerful and helpful than knowledge or the logical mind.
Wisdom is intuitive reason combined with scientific knowledge .
Wisdom is knowledge applied, and the wise person seeks to apply knowledge to benefit humankind.
Wisdom is knowledge applied, the intersection of knowledge, experience and enlightened discernment.
Wisdom is knowledge applied.
Wisdom is knowledge correctly applied to achieve the right purpose.
Wisdom is knowledge dampened with tears.
Wisdom is knowledge gained over time, analyzed and used with discernment.
Wisdom is knowledge of first causes.
Wisdom is knowledge of principles and causes.
Wisdom is knowledge test by experience and tempered by discerning judgement.
Wisdom is knowledge tested by experience and tempered by discerning judgment.
Wisdom is knowledge with understanding.
Wisdom is knowledge, but it is also discernment.
Wisdom is knowledge, rightly applied.
Wisdom is knowledge.
Wisdom is learned from failure much more than from success.
Wisdom is less obvious than that.
Wisdom is life, and prosperity.
Wisdom is like a bird - free , fast, flying and flowing farther and further and higher and higher.
Wisdom is like a sword.
Wisdom is like electricity.
Wisdom is like grits.
Wisdom is like marinade.
Wisdom is likened to sweetness.
Wisdom is located in bibles.
Wisdom is lover, sister, and true wife.
Wisdom is man's most precious gem, merit no thief can ever steal.
Wisdom is marked by wholeness and happiness.
Wisdom is mental disease, stupidity is mental deficiency.
Wisdom is mightier than strength.
Wisdom is mocked, understanding is rejected.
Wisdom is more important, and harder to find.
Wisdom is more precious than silver or gold or precious jewels.
Wisdom is more sensibility than signage.
Wisdom is more than knowledge, information, and learning.
Wisdom is more than mere information and knowledge.
Wisdom is more than the mere accumulation of facts.
Wisdom is most evident when people know when and where to seek help.
Wisdom is much slipperier stuff.
Wisdom is necessary for good people, for good families and for a good and just society.
Wisdom is needed and it is important that character and humility has been worked into their lives.
Wisdom is needed for that.
Wisdom is needed only in diagnosing the malady and administering the remedy.
Wisdom is neither sensation of particulars nor mere thought of universals.
Wisdom is never free.
Wisdom is never simply the incremental acquisition of data.
Wisdom is no accident.
Wisdom is no longer an option or a frill.
Wisdom is no monopoly of one continent or one race.
Wisdom is oblique, imprecise, and metaphorically accurate.
Wisdom is of age and thought.
Wisdom is of course the proper application of knowledge.
Wisdom is of no avail unless it is lived out.
Wisdom is once more required.
Wisdom is one of the few fundraisers to offer a residual income.
Wisdom is one of the hardest skills to achieve, and is thus subject to the greatest frustrations.
Wisdom is one thing.
Wisdom is only a subjective habit of mind rather than an insight into objectively existing things.
Wisdom is only now.
Wisdom is organized life.
Wisdom is our one real treasure.
Wisdom is pain.
Wisdom is passed from mouth to mouth.
Wisdom is peaceable.
Wisdom is perishable.
Wisdom is power and power is wisdom, one with each other, perfecting the whole.
Wisdom is power.
Wisdom is practice.
Wisdom is profound self realization, an individual's unique fulfillment of their special potentials.
Wisdom is progression.
Wisdom is rarer than emeralds, and yet is found among the women who gather at the grindstones.
Wisdom is required at all points in the Christian life.
Wisdom is required of course.
Wisdom is respect for the elderly, and opportunity for our children.
Wisdom is righteousness, and truth, and justice.
Wisdom is rooted in knowledge.
Wisdom is rooted in watching with affection the way people grow.
Wisdom is said to be riches.
Wisdom is seasoned by living.
Wisdom is shared and the path that is illuminated is one of hope and peace.
Wisdom is shared by all in the body.
Wisdom is simply good sense, the ability to make sound judgment.
Wisdom is sold in the desolate market where none come to buy.
Wisdom is sold in the withered field where the farmer plows in vain, plows for bread in vain.
Wisdom is something different from knowledge.
Wisdom is something else entirely.
Wisdom is something internal.
Wisdom is something our Grandparents had in abundance.
Wisdom is something that is beneficial.
Wisdom is sound thought, but it is also right behavior.
Wisdom is spiritually opportunistic.
Wisdom is spoken in many tongues.
Wisdom is strong.
Wisdom is sublime.
Wisdom is supreme.
Wisdom is task oriented learning.
Wisdom is that brave wandering of the mind beyond the safety of what one has been taught.
Wisdom is that quality of benevolence that disposes it to be directed by knowledge.
Wisdom is the ability of forecasting the results of any human behavior.
Wisdom is the ability to adapt one's life to the realities of the world.
Wisdom is the ability to apply knowledge effectively.
Wisdom is the ability to judge correctly between all apparent facts in a given situation.
Wisdom is the ability to live coherently in a chaotic world.
Wisdom is the ability to live in a chaotic world.
Wisdom is the ability to make sound choices and provide good counsel to others.
Wisdom is the ability to use knowledge for the benefit of humankind.
Wisdom is the ability to use knowledge in a practical way.
Wisdom is the ability to utilize awareness and knowledge in successful ways.
Wisdom is the action that results from or the ability to respond to knowledge and understanding.
Wisdom is the antidote to evil.
Wisdom is the application of knowledge.
Wisdom is the application of learning.
Wisdom is the basis for practice .
Wisdom is the beauty of men.
Wisdom is the candelabra, knowledge is the wick.
Wisdom is the capacity to see things in the context of the whole.
Wisdom is the combination of information, experience, and humility.
Wisdom is the correct use of knowledge in a particular situation.
Wisdom is the corresponding virtue arising from successful resolution of that conflict.
Wisdom is the crown jewel of humanity.
Wisdom is the deed, and at that, in the spirit of selfless action.
Wisdom is the discerning exercise of knowledge.
Wisdom is the door.
Wisdom is the driving force of a bod-hisattva's actions.
Wisdom is the effective use of that knowledge.
Wisdom is the enlightened use of knowledge, guided by love, to help others.
Wisdom is the exercise and practical use of knowledge.
Wisdom is the experiential vision of wholeness, interconnectedness and pervasive unity.
Wisdom is the fine line between life and death that accompanies the sage who dances the way.
Wisdom is the foundation of a successful business .
Wisdom is the goddess of wisdom.
Wisdom is the gray hair unto men, and an unspotted life is old age.
Wisdom is the highest faculty of the soul and is potentially perfect in every person.
Wisdom is the highest level of abstraction of our experiences.
Wisdom is the knowledge to get the job done.
Wisdom is the last rung of the ladder and is defined as knowledge of a timeless nature.
Wisdom is the main thing, while faith is the prerequisite.
Wisdom is the mainest thing.
Wisdom is the method of convenience.
Wisdom is the most accurate of all the sciences.
Wisdom is the most benevolent use of knowledge and power.
Wisdom is the most perfect knowledge of the most important truths.
Wisdom is the most precious treasure known.
Wisdom is the most valuable tool for living a meaningful life.
Wisdom is the mother of all creation.
Wisdom is the only important thing when it comes to faithfulness.
Wisdom is the only thing one needs to augment.
Wisdom is the openness to keep learning from the experience of others and from one's own mistakes.
Wisdom is the perception and the awareness of that realm of freedom.
Wisdom is the perfection of knowledge.
Wisdom is the power and ability to use the facts, in the ordinary practical things of life.
Wisdom is the practical knowledge of how to attain that happiness.
Wisdom is the principal thing.
Wisdom is the principle thing.
Wisdom is the proper combination of truth and spirit, faith and conduct, mind and heart.
Wisdom is the proper use and application of knowledge.
Wisdom is the prouncement of the truth.
Wisdom is the prudent application of knowledge.
Wisdom is the reissuing of discovered solutions at appropriate times.
Wisdom is the right application of knowledge to the development of a noble and Godlike character.
Wisdom is the science of the spirit, just as knowledge is the science of matter.
Wisdom is the search for the meaning and the accommodation of it to our aging process.
Wisdom is the second of the ten sefirotic emanations.
Wisdom is the sixth quality.
Wisdom is the skill for living.
Wisdom is the source of knowledge, and understanding is knowing how to use wisdom.
Wisdom is the spirit of life.
Wisdom is the subject to be known.
Wisdom is the sum of knowledge.
Wisdom is the timely use of knowledge.
Wisdom is the true man and error the counterfeit.
Wisdom is the true wealth.
Wisdom is the ultimate aim of learning.
Wisdom is the understanding of knowledge, at least in the mental sense.
Wisdom is the understanding that knowledge is useless.
Wisdom is the use of information in ways that ensure continued high - quality survival.
Wisdom is the use of knowledge to reach worthy goals.
Wisdom is the wealth of the wise.
Wisdom is timeless, fockstick.
Wisdom is timeless.
Wisdom is to be avoided.
Wisdom is to know the cause and effect clearly.
Wisdom is to know what to do, when to do it and how to do it.
Wisdom is to live in the present, plan for the future and profit from the past.
Wisdom is to see the wall coming and adjust, bringing our lives into balance before it's too late.
Wisdom is to serve the needs of the body, social as well as individual.
Wisdom is to the East what technology is to the West.
Wisdom is too high for a fool because they walk in darkness.
Wisdom is tough.
Wisdom is traits.
Wisdom is truth applied to the soul as guided by divine love.
Wisdom is unchanging and timeless.
Wisdom is understanding which knowledge to use for what purpose.
Wisdom is useful in managing public fights and in securing public peace.
Wisdom is valuable, true and ageless.
Wisdom is valued over knowledge.
Wisdom is very deep.
Wisdom is what is lacking most in the life of the individual today.
Wisdom is what life is about.
Wisdom is where the charming of the figure lies.
Wisdom is wisdom regardless of the packaging.
Wisdom is with aged men, With long life is understanding.
Wisdom is. .
Wisdom knows how to overcome evil.
Wisdom knows the difference.
Wisdom knows to be ignorance, only the ignorant appear wise.
Wisdom leads to virtue, moral excellence.
Wisdom leaves diversity and plurality untouched.
Wisdom lies behind a closed door.
Wisdom lies in avoiding the pitfalls of history.
Wisdom lies in knowing which ones to taste and which are poison.
Wisdom lies in taming the market, effectively and more importantly in time.
Wisdom lies in understanding our limitations.
Wisdom lies neither in fixity nor in change, but in the dialectic between the two.
Wisdom lies where the truths of religion and science conjoin.
Wisdom likely dictates that it is better to have elders before deacons are appointed.
Wisdom listens to people with more experience.
Wisdom lives in stories.
Wisdom looks to the past for continuity, prudence, and stability.
Wisdom looks to the past for guidance and to the future for opportunity.
Wisdom loves peace.
Wisdom loves to pin reasons on relatively insignificant percentage changes.
Wisdom makes life endurable.
Wisdom makes one wise man better than ten rulers in a city.
Wisdom makes one wise man more powerful than ten rulers in a city.
Wisdom makes one's pain bearable.
Wisdom makes people happy.
Wisdom makes people miserable.
Wisdom means different things to different people.
Wisdom means right understanding.
Wisdom means sorrow but also the life of truth.
Wisdom means understanding and working the principles that underpin decent human relations.
Wisdom measures all things by the yardstick of salvation crafted at the cross.
Wisdom needs to be accessed and applied.
Wisdom never forgets the dream.
Wisdom never gives the power to judge what or how someone learns.
Wisdom never lies.
Wisdom Now provides weekend seminars, online courses and forums, and consulting.
Wisdom plays a harder game and yet still swims in the Ocean.
Wisdom prefers an unjust peace to a just war.
Wisdom pretends to be an oasis in the information wastelands.
Wisdom produces happiness in the way that health produces health.
Wisdom promotes peace.
Wisdom puts out the small fire before it consumes the forest.
Wisdom reaches far above the lower mind.
Wisdom recognizes that life is motion.
Wisdom refers to the integration of memory, comprehension, adaptability, judgement and creativity.
Wisdom reposes there now.
Wisdom represent how well a character can draw on life experience.
Wisdom represents the highest value, data the lowest.
Wisdom requires a surrender, verging on the mystical, of a person to the glory of existence.
Wisdom requires an open, objective, unbigoted mind.
Wisdom requires being smart and elderly.
Wisdom requires deep awareness of self and others.
Wisdom requires more than just asking.
Wisdom requires more work.
Wisdom requires self-knowledge.
Wisdom requires the acceptance of positive understood knowledge obtained by being open to truth.
Wisdom requires the long view.
Wisdom resides in candor that citizens can respect.
Wisdom reveals itself in gentleness and mercy, in forbearance and patience.
Wisdom reveals itself in peace and purity and in a willingness to yield.
Wisdom reveals the way to help.
Wisdom rises upon the ruins of folly.
Wisdom say another.
Wisdom says, just stay as clear of everything as possible.
Wisdom seeks wisdom.
Wisdom seems to be a more complex construct than information and knowledge.
Wisdom seems to be a single item and resides within.
Wisdom seems to be achieved by life long observation and learning.
Wisdom seems to have a function throughout life in terms of guiding development.
Wisdom sees things in the right perspective, samma ditthi.
Wisdom sets bounds even to knowledge.
Wisdom sets limits to knowledge too.
Wisdom shouts in the street.
Wisdom shuns a judgmental spirit, but recognizes good fruit.
Wisdom sings aloud in passages, and in the broad places speaks boldly.
Wisdom speaks to keep the rock foundation of a structure strong and reliable.
Wisdom still visits the campus on occasion.
Wisdom suggests getting a good display.
Wisdom takes knowledge and discerns the meaning therein.
Wisdom There is wisdom in a tiger.
Wisdom therefore is the monitor and the guiding light of the soul.
Wisdom truly is the result of a life of experiences.
Wisdom understands our use of the tongue reveals the direction of our lives.
Wisdom understands that it is no easy task to control the tongue.
Wisdom understands the deceitfulness of the tongue.
Wisdom understands using the tongue for boasting is evil.
Wisdom unites holiness and the common duties of life.
Wisdom unites the facets of knowledge, character and skill.
Wisdom wants men's major fastpitch to start promoting the game more.
Wisdom wins the day.
Wisdom writes with the pen of pain.
Wisdom always carries out what it believes.
Wisdom always looks ahead.
Wisdom often comes from divination plus life experience.
Wisdom often resides in the eye of the observer.
Wisdom sometimes follows.
All wisdom is gone.
All wisdom is summed up in two words - Wait and Hope.
All wisdom is the reward of discipline, conscious or unconscious.
Every wisdom is rooted in the Torah.
More wisdom equals more life, more pleasure, and more meaning.
Much wisdom is attributed to the words and letters in the Hebrew language.
Much wisdom is had from studying nature.
Wise advice is one of the keys to turning failure into success.
Wise agreements satisfy the parties' interests and are fair and lasting.
Some Wise aides insist that the job is still up for grabs.
Wise alumni take uncertain young graduates under their wings.
Wise anglers preserve domestic tranquility with a separate bait and beer refrigerator in the garage.
Wise believers seek to discern the origin of their thoughts.
Wise breeders realize that, in many ways they are partners with the pet shops that sell their birds.
Wise breeders start the process by handling the puppies from the moment they are born.
Wise brokers warn clients in writing if they believe a strategy is too risky.
Wise businesses operate from a different concept.
Wise businesspeople understand that it is a mistake to flaunt international public opinion.
Wise buyers can expect to stock their freezers and pantries when much of that goes on sale.
Wise buyers contact a real estate agent first, before beginning their home search.
Wise canoeists develop and practice strategies for keeping waves out of the canoe.
Wise children have short years.
Wise choices integrate standards of care, appropriate outcomes, and fiscal accountability.
Wise churches take extra care of their teenagers and their college students.
Wise companies build better business relationships with everyone that they do business with.
Wise companies use their losses as learning experiences.
Wise conduct is the qualification.
Some wise congregation is about to get a guy who heard a whisper and listened.
Wise construction can reduce or eliminate some of the environmental effects of road construction.
Wise consumers can often save hundreds of dollars on both the purchase and financing of the car.
Wise consumers can protect themselves with the help of the Internet.
Wise consumers look for good values when they buy.
Wise consumers take good care of what they have purchased.
Wise County has a tremendous problem with clandestine methamphetamine labs.
Wise County is wealthy in oil and gas.
Wise County provides landfill services for residents and industry.
Wise decisions are decisions that are made using a definite process.
Wise decisions can have a dramatic impact on an organization's success.
Wise decisions require knowledge.
Wise decisions result in cohesion, and often involve greater initial effort and self-restraint.
Wise development insists that growth be forward looking.
Wise districts make real people available to do tech set-up and support, on an individualized basis.
Wise districts offer training on-site and over time.
Wise elephants offer inspiration to all as they cross the bridge of hope and prosperity.
Wise elimination assumes that rich, dynamic, timely options have been explored.
Wise experts get to the point.
Wise fathers are just men, benevolent men, kind men.
Wise fathers are just, and just fathers are a joy to their children.
Wise fishermen try to waste as little power as possible on ground contact.
A wise guy is an upstart
Wise guys are welcome.
Wise guys choose the former.
Wise heads suggest using it early, because the lines grow long toward closing time.
Wise homeowners choose investments based on their return.
Wise instantiation seems too difficult to automate.
Wise investments yield better results.
Wise investors allocate their assets between stocks, bonds and cash according to their own profiles.
Wise investors don t try to second-guess the financial markets.
Wise investors research the funds they have to choose from to maximize their retirement earnings.
Wise investors scrutinize every possibility before making a commitment.
Wise investors track the group psychology of the market, which changes hour by hour, day by day.
Wise investors weigh potential reward against risk.
Wise kids keep their toys in place.
Wise leaders learn from the successes and failures of others.
Wise leaders prepare for the future by persevering today.
Every wise leader has a moral compass, a sense of right and wrong.
Every wise leader knows it and aims at it.
Wise leadership responds to tragedy with vision and courage.
Wise living provides a safety factor.
A wise man is an intellectual
Wise man give wife upright organ.
Wise man gives wife upright organ.
Wise man say difference between cult and religion is size.
Wise man say sew it up and live long.
Wise man says that richness lies in the heart of mankind.
Wise man understands the world is full of rules.
Wise men acknowledge the wisdom of the gospel when they receive it.
Wise men are diligent in their search for the truth.
Wise men are elders.
Wise men are few and far between.
Wise men are few, it is true.
Wise men are mentors.
Wise men are sages.
Wise men are seers.
Wise men build houses.
Wise men can supply nothing else.
Wise men come 'from the east to Jerusalem'.
Wise men consider health.
Wise men create problems.
Wise men do what the time demands.
Wise men feel ashamed , confused , and caught.
WISE men have their mouth in their heart, fools their heart in their mouth.
Wise men know more than they tell.
Wise men know.
Wise men learn by other men's mistakes, fools by their own.
Wise men learn by studying the experience of fools.
Wise men learn from mistake, fools make the same ones over and over again.
Wise men learn from the mistakes of others but fools only from their own mistakes.
Wise men learn from their mistakes.
Wise men learn more from fools than fools from the wise.
Wise men learn more from fools, than fools from the wise.
Wise men learn more from their mistakes than fools learn from their successes.
Wise men live on fools, fools live on their own work.
Wise men love, others are mere lechers.
Wise men make followers understand the truth.
Wise men pass a dressy lass.
Wise men pray for truthful spirit.
Wise men say nothing in dangerous times. .
Wise men say nothing in dangerous times.
Wise men say only fools rush in.
Wise men say. .
Wise men store up knowledge, but the mouth of a fool invites ruin.
Wise men talk because they have something to say, fools because they have to say something.
Wise men talk because they have something to say.
Wise men travel a great distance to Jerusalem to find the newborn King of the Jews.
Wise men travel and they bear gifts.
Wise men travel, follow the star, Bringing their gifts, respect to pay.
Wise men write many books, in words too hard to understand.
Every wise mans sonne doth know.
Many wise men have craft.
Most wise men build houses.
Most wise men consider health.
Most wise men create problems.
Wise managers are always on the lookout for good values .
WISE members believe that they in turn can be role models for younger women.
WISE members bring sanity and order into their environment.
Wise mentors help their prot g s set ambitious goals and become more productive.
Wise morals abound.
Wise nations take good care of their farmers because it is a matter of survival.
Wise ones watch the action from indoors.
Wise ones work through a hierarchy of responsibility constructed to allow growth at every level.
Wise organizations encourage broad participation when formulating policies.
Wise owners are there to pick up the remains.
Wise owners play games or incorporate toys into quality time.
Wise parents anticipate, understand and prepare for the spiritual cycles of their children's lives.
Wise parents are affectionate, supportive, and tender to their mate and to their children.
Wise parents can in their disciplining activities use children's desire to please.
Wise parents connect special activities to good behavior.
Wise parents know that it is important to explain and enforce important rules anyway.
Wise parents learn to discern the differences between individuality and rebellion.
Wise parents open their homes to the friends of their children by providing a safe, fun place.
Wise parents talk with their children, over months or years, about which heirloom each wants most.
Wise parents try to live in the moment and do the best they can.
Wise parents understand that play is the work of children.
Wise parents use the threat of it as a deterrent.
Many wise parents share their knowledge here.
Wise pastors become students of the culture they face.
Wise pastors bend the culture bit by bit.
Wise people agree and exit.
Wise people allow themselves to be wronged rather than fight back with harsh words.
Wise people are committed to speaking truthfully.
Wise people are opportunistic in the best sense.
Wise people avoid bad paths.
Wise people begin to exit.
Wise people can be grandparents volunteering time at school or church.
Wise people choose their battles well.
Wise people counsel foolish people.
Wise people delight in living having lived.
Wise people give peace a chance and enjoy life.
Wise people keep the stable doors locked all the time.
Wise people know it is never a waste of time to ensure accuracy.
Wise people know there is a proper place, time and manner to speak the truth in love.
Wise people know.
Wise people learn from other people.
Wise people learn from others' mistakes.
Wise people learn from the experience of others.
Wise people learn the skills of self-encouragement in life's green pastures when the sun is shining.
Wise people learn the skills of self-encouragement in life's green pastures when the suns shining.
Wise people listen to advice.
Wise people recognize the seasons of life a.
Wise people see life as a constant process of discovery and learning.
Wise people see the storm coming before the clouds appear.
Wise people settle down, earn the bread they eat, and live within their means.
Wise people smile and say, 'That's nice'.
Wise people try to do as many good deeds as they can.
Wise people understand that misinformation has unimagined ways of causing harm if left unchallenged.
Wise people use it.
Wise people use their freedom to choose modesty.
Wise people use their freedom to focus on the unfading beauty of a gently and quiet spirit.
Wise people work at maintaining harmony.
Most wise people give advice.
Most wise people give valuable advice.
Wise people give advice.
Wise people give valuable advice.
Wise pilots are always prepared and ready for emergencies.
Wise planning can help to prevent all sorts of unwanted occurrences or potential disasters.
Wise planning is essential.
Wise planning starts with a firm foundation.
Wise plants avoid the risk of sexually transmitted diseases by developing an asexual life style.
Wise players choose carefully when and what to bid to get the tiles they want.
Every wise politician knows, now is a great time to run for office.
WISE programs occur throughout the year.
Wise purchases are the very thing.
Wise regulation is the next challenge.
Wise sages are all like flashes of lightning.
Wise savers pay themselves first each month.
Wise sayings mount up all too quickly.
Wise sergeants understand the influence they have on subordinates.
Wise shamans call upon long-forgotten, nature spirits for powerful favors.
Some wise shoppers are wiser shoppers than others.
Wise souls are children.
Wise spelunkers explore in groups , to prevent being lost or stranded in a cave .
Wise spelunkers explore in groups, to prevent being lost or stranded in a cave.
Wise spending is far more important than wise investing.
WISE students hear about summer research opportunities around the nation and around the world.
Wise students write their name on every page.
Wise teachers can offer a curriculum with plenty of opportunities for creative behaviors.
Wise travelers avoid ice, and brush their teeth with bottled or boiled water.
Wise use is a complex task which takes time to yield lasting results.
WISE women take key foundation courses together.
Some wise women generate heal power.
Some wise women generate power.
Wise words are words that commend knowlege instead of folly.
Wise worry is a key to success in life for everyone, really.
Wisent isa bison.
Wisents are forest-dwelling.
Wisents are polygamic animals.
Wisents can cross-breed with American bison.
Wisents have (part) brains.
Wisents have (part) breasts.
Wisents have (part) cannon bones.
Wisents have (part) cell membranes.
Wisents have (part) cells.
Wisents have (part) chest cavities.
Wisents have (part) chests.
Wisents have (part) corpi.
Wisents have (part) cytoplasm.
Wisents have (part) ears.
Wisents have (part) faces.
Wisents have (part) heads.
Wisents have (part) hip sockets.
Wisents have (part) hoofs.
Wisents have (part) nuclei.
Wisents have (part) piluses.
Wisents have (part) plasma membranes.
Wisents have (part) rib cages.
Wisents have (part) second stomachs.
Wisents have (part) sections.
Wisents have (part) skulls.
Wisents have (part) sterna.
Wisents have (part) vacuoles.
Wisents have a fairly short neck, high legs, a relatively narrow body and a long tail.
Wisents have a step length of approximately one and a half meters.
Wisents have heads.
Wisents have legs.
Wisents have ribs.
Most wisents have heads.
Most wisents have legs.
Wiser people learn from their mistakes.
Wish area is a great place to have.
Wish fairies are a big favorite for many.
Wish fulfillment is hard to resist.
Wish fulfillment is the ultimate use that many people make of their lucid dreams.
A wish list is a list
Wish list includes condo sleeper.
Wish list See the todo list of the release notes page.
Wish lists are also a powerful and effective tool for viral-marketing.
Wish lists are always welcome.
Wish lists are lists.
Wish lists can be good things.
Wish lists encourage shoppers to return to their favorite online retail sites on a regular basis.
Wish lists make the job easier.
A wish is desire
Wish are the real name for Bangkok.
Wishes are desires.
Wishes are different.
Wishes are empty without action.
Wishes are fuzzy.
Wishes are passive thoughts that only serve to point out our deficiencies.
Wishes are playful imaginings of possibilities, and are manifestations of our daimons.
Wishes are pointless and stupid.
Wishes Are secular prayers.
Wishes are whims and goals are targets.
Wishes become facts.
Wishes become needs become rights.
Wishes beget other wishes.
Wishes bride and groom well in their new life together.
Wishes can always come true.
Wishes can be fruitless and frustrating, but hope springs eternal.
Wishes can come true in fanciful drawings, and dreams unfold through illustrated poems.
Wishes can come true.
Wishes come true as a result of a test or struggle.
Wishes come true every minute of every day.
Wishes come true.
Wishes compliments other HR benefits, such as life insurance, pension planning and health insurance.
Wishes do come true, as long as they are actually made.
Wishes do come true.
Wishes folks a happy new century.
Wishes help the creative individual to be ready to respond to the suggestion of a solution.
Wishes make for interesting press release or newsletter copy.
Wishes murmur up through moving images.
Wishes never can fill a sack.
Wishes Offers affordable adoption assistance.
Wishes Send a basket of cheer to someone's doorstep for a speedier recovery.
Wishes Send feedback to wishes.
Wishes take the form of dream vacations, introductions to famous people or other desires.
Wishes View a non-printable example of Five Wishes.
Wishes vitiate the mind.
Wishes Wish a special friend a happy birthday with flowers.
Wishs are desire.
Wishs are dreams.
Wishs are preference.
Wishs are requests.
Every wish is different.
Every wish produces and bears a new suffering.
More Wishes come in regularly.
Some wishes come true in a matter of minutes.
Wishbone flower is a perennial grown as an annual.
A wishbone is a bone
Wishbone explores the power of wisdom as it lies within two African American folktales.
Wishbone explores the power of wisdom as it lies within two African-American folktales.
Wishbone goes to the post office to investigate.
Wishbone helps children develop an appetite for reading by bring books to life.
Wishbone is always the main character.
Wishbone is definitely worth reading.
Wishbone is supposed to be for kids, but it's really for anyone who likes a good story.
Wishbone isa bone.
Wishbone sounds like a puppy.
Wishbones are also a symbol of hope.
Wishbones are part of birds.
Wishbones have (part) bone cells.
Wishbones have (part) cell membranes.
Wishbones have (part) corpi.
Wishbones have (part) cytoplasm.
Wishbones have (part) ground substances.
Wishbones have (part) marrow.
Wishbones have (part) mast cells.
Wishbones have (part) nuclei.
Wishbones have (part) plasma membranes.
Wishbones have (part) sections.
Wishbones have (part) vacuoles.
Wishbones reduce sheet loads and allow reversal or flow over sails.
Some wishbones are part of albatrosses.
Some wishbones are part of birds.
Some wishbones are part of blackbirds.
Some wishbones are part of bluebirds.
Some wishbones are part of boobies.
Some wishbones are part of bowerbirds.
Some wishbones are part of brants.
Some wishbones are part of budgerigars.
Some wishbones are part of budgies.
Some wishbones are part of canaries.
Some wishbones are part of canvasbacks.
Some wishbones are part of cardinals.
Some wishbones are part of cassowaries.
Some wishbones are part of chaffinchs.
Some wishbones are part of chickens.
Some wishbones are part of chicks.
Some wishbones are part of choughs.
Some wishbones are part of cockatiels.
Some wishbones are part of cockatoos.
Some wishbones are part of cockerels.
Some wishbones are part of coots.
Some wishbones are part of crakes.
Some wishbones are part of cuckoos.
Some wishbones are part of cygnets.
Some wishbones are part of dodos.
Some wishbones are part of doves.
Some wishbones are part of drakes.
Some wishbones are part of ducklings.
Some wishbones are part of ducks.
Some wishbones are part of eagles.
Some wishbones are part of falcons.
Some wishbones are part of finches.
Some wishbones are part of flamingos.
Some wishbones are part of flycatchers.
Some wishbones are part of fowl.
Some wishbones are part of gallinules.
Some wishbones are part of geese.
Some wishbones are part of godwits.
Some wishbones are part of goldfinches.
Some wishbones are part of gulls.
Some wishbones are part of hawks.
Some wishbones are part of hens.
Some wishbones are part of herons.
Some wishbones are part of hoatzins.
Some wishbones are part of hummingbirds.
Some wishbones are part of jackdaws.
Some wishbones are part of jays.
Some wishbones are part of juncos.
Some wishbones are part of kestrels.
Some wishbones are part of kingfishers.
Some wishbones are part of kittiwakes.
Some wishbones are part of lorikeets.
Some wishbones are part of macaws.
Some wishbones are part of magpies.
Some wishbones are part of mallards.
Some wishbones are part of martins.
Some wishbones are part of meadowlarks.
Some wishbones are part of moas.
Some wishbones are part of mynahs.
Some wishbones are part of orioles.
Some wishbones are part of ospreys.
Some wishbones are part of owls.
Some wishbones are part of parakeets.
Some wishbones are part of parrots.
Some wishbones are part of partridges.
Some wishbones are part of pelicans.
Some wishbones are part of penguins.
Some wishbones are part of pheasants.
Some wishbones are part of pigeons.
Some wishbones are part of plovers.
Some wishbones are part of puffins.
Some wishbones are part of quack-quacks.
Some wishbones are part of raptors.
Some wishbones are part of rheas.
Some wishbones are part of roadrunners.
Some wishbones are part of robins.
Some wishbones are part of roosters.
Some wishbones are part of seabirds.
Some wishbones are part of seagulls.
Some wishbones are part of shorebirds.
Some wishbones are part of songbirds.
Some wishbones are part of sparrows.
Some wishbones are part of starlings.
Some wishbones are part of storks.
Some wishbones are part of swans.
Some wishbones are part of tanagers.
Some wishbones are part of toucans.
Some wishbones are part of turkeys.
Some wishbones are part of vultures.
Some wishbones are part of wagtails.
Some wishbones are part of warblers.
Some wishbones are part of waterfowls.
Some wishbones are part of woodpeckers.
Some wishbones are part of wrens.
Wishful Things specializes in art glass, from antique to contemporary.
Wishing are greeting.
Some wisps are beyond the cloud boundary.
Wisps appear as faint diffuse features extending outward from the origin of secondary spectra.
Wispy leaves grow on single stems.
Wispy leaves grow on stems.
A wisteria is a vine
Wisteria can occasionally be a little slow coming into flower, especially where the soil is fertile.
Wisteria can take years to bloom.
Wisteria covers a nearby pergola and stone and metal sculptures dot the landscape.
Wisteria grows best on fertile, well-drained soil in full sun.
Wisteria grows easily on trellises, fences or anything else within reach.
Wisteria has large pinnately compound leaves and forms long bean-like seedpods.
Wisteria is a deciduous vine that is grown for it long, lovely clusters of violet or white flowers.
Wisteria is a large, hardy vine with beautiful hanging clusters of flowers.
Wisteria is another perennial vine that thrives along the shore.
Wisteria is extremely rampant.
Wisteria is famous for pulling down porches and garden structures.
Wisteria is hardy, fast growing and suited to most climates.
Wisteria is moderately susceptible to cotton root rot.
Wisteria is much admired, and popularly believed to be difficult to grow.
Wisteria is native to China, Korea and Japan.
Wisteria is very aggressive and has been known to pull down small buildings.
Wisteria needs ample water, good drainage, proper pruning and training for bloom production.
Wisteria needs to reach a degree of maturity before they are able to produce flowers.
Wisteria performs best in deep, moist, but well-drained soil that is neutral to slightly alkaline.
Wisteria practices a scorched-earth policy.
Wisteria runs all along the driveway, with that fragrant lilac smell.
Wisteria see brochure .
Wisteria wants everything else to come down.
Wisterias are plants.
Wisterias are vines.
Wistful silences demonstrate unfinished business.
Wit beer is a style of flavored wheat.
Wit allocates first to customers who bid for the shares on the day the prospectus is released.
Wit becomes sarcasm.
Wit can achieve anything.
Wit can be empty or pretentious, but it also can be thematically rich.
Wit can easily attach itself to a myriad of connotations.
Wit chronicles the experiences of a literature professor stricken by advanced ovarian cancer.
Wit combines the two elements well.
Wit gives a person a better chance than a live performance does to really absorb the material.
Wit guns an' dogs.
Wit has always an answer ready.
Wit has no such diversions.
Wit has no weight within the zealot's mind and there is no room for humor.
Wit has truth in it.
Wit is a character's ingenuity, reasoning power and speed of thought.
Wit is a cloudy and refreshing brew.
Wit is a form of arousal.
Wit is a good heuristic for intelligence that people notice.
Wit is a matter of the intellect, the instantaneous action of an elastic mind.
Wit is a message
Wit is a much rarer quality than wisdom in female writers. . . .
Wit is a stunning piece of theater.
Wit is a treacherous dart.
Wit is a weapon of seduction and there is plenty here.
Wit is about dropping famous dead people dead.
Wit is all that and more.
Wit is all.
Wit is also more difficult than insults and therefore funnier.
Wit is an experience to be savored and shared.
Wit is barbed, love is masked by grief and betrayal.
Wit is different.
Wit is how one idea plays off others.
Wit is intelligence.
Wit is messages.
Wit is of course very much part of the Danish character.
Wit is often a mask.
Wit is produced and sold in eight different language versions.
Wit is Quick's middle name.
Wit is superior to brute force.
Wit is the club's all-knowing source for technical information regarding any aspect of radio.
Wit is the epitaph of an emotion.
Wit is the kind of theatrical experience of which legends are made.
Wit is the unexpected explosion of thought.
Wit is treasured.
Wit is wisdom all grown up.
Wit is wit, humor, liveliness of mind, fancy, genius, poetry itself, etc.
Wit isa message.
Wit plays a big part.
Wit provides the audience no feeling of suspense.
WITS are undergraduates who respond to student writers in a collaborative environment.
Wits enjoys an enviable international reputation for outstanding research and world-class degrees.
Wits graduate plans computer conference.
Wits has a lot to offer the global community.
Wits has alumni clubs in all the towns and cities listed below.
Wits is a large university.
Wits is committed to excellence and equity.
Wits is no different.
Wits is one of the world's great universities.
Wits is the largest, and most prestigious, of South Africa's universities.
Witch bottles work for one to five years.
A witch doctor is an occultist
Witch doctors are twice as good and only charge half as much.
Witch doctors cure diseases within the tribe with herbal medicines, which are totally natural.
Witch hazel Apply witch hazel, an astringent, twice a day to the veins.
Witch hazel grows at forest edges and along streams as an understory species.
Witch hazel has a mechanical seed dispersal action.
Witch hazel has a number of uses when it comes to general health.
Witch hazel has a soothing effect on a sore throat.
Witch hazel has very few natural enemies.
Witch hazel is a good mild antiseptic and is also cooling to the skin.
Witch hazel is a mildly astringent liquid distilled from the small tree of the same name.
Witch hazel is a plant found in North America.
Witch hazel is a plant with many common names, each related to a unique aspect of the plant.
Witch hazel is a popular home remedy for cuts, bruises, hemorrhoids and sore muscles.
Witch hazel is a soothing, cooling astringent that can help relieve hemorrhoidal pain and itching.
Witch hazel is a tree with branches that are flexible and springy.
Witch hazel is an application
Witch hazel is an early blooming shrub or small tree with yellow, fragrant flowers.
Witch hazel is another poisonous plant, like the deadly nightshade.
Witch hazel is available at most drugstores.
Witch hazel is believed to help reduce hair fall .
Witch hazel is certainly safe for use on the face to tone and refresh the skin and remove makeup.
Witch hazel is good for drying up oil and toning the skin.
Witch hazel is indeed a therapeutic natural ingredient.
Witch hazel is lotion.
Witch hazel is one of a very few species that flowers in autumn.
Witch hazel is plants.
Witch hazel is shrubs.
Witch hazel is used to make hemorrhoid creams.
Witch hazel leaves, fruit.
Witch hazel Make a decoction of witch hazel and apply with a compress.
Witch hazel remains an ingredient in many commercial cosmetic preparations today.
Witch hazel Tonifying action upon the bowels, can help to restore elasticity and tone to the bowels.
Witch hazel works magic for people with skin conditions like psoriasis or eczema.
Witch hazels are hardy shrubs native to the eastern United States, Japan, and China.
Witch hazels are relatively problem-free additions to the landscape.
Witch hazels have attractive gold or reddish fall color.
Witch hazels offer more than just off-season flowers.
Witch hazels perform best when planted in a moist but well-drained, loamy, acidic soil.
Witch Hunt Go .
Witch hunts are about images and social control.
Witch hunts are checks.
Witch hunts are harassment.
Witch hunts are toxic to our honored tradition of privacy, at least a modicum of privacy.
Witch Hunts are unpredictable that way. . .
Witch moths have organs.
Witch trials claim twenty lives in Salem, Massachusetts.
Witch Wars are a revolt against the status quo.
Witch wars are about elders and egos.
Witch Wars are insidious things.
Witch Wars are part of our learning and growth process and are bound to be around for a while.
Witch Wars force internal changes by breaking up old allegiances and formulating new ones.
A witch is an occultist
Witch burn up in the earth's atmosphere.
Witch can also breath under water.
Witch can move one square diagonally or leap two squares orthogonally.
Witch contains gas.
Witch is a loaded word in the world of religion.
Witch is a non gender-specific term and refers to both male and female practitioners.
Witch is all the freek'n time.
Witch is currently only available in Australia.
Witch is diablo.
Witch is now Iowa state university.
Witch is on stage left by house.
Witch is the hope of the few noble intended members of the blood.
Witch isa individual.
Witch isa person.
Witch isa somebody.
Witch isa someone.
Witch Switch Behind the lighthouse.
Witch turns angel overnight.
Witch wants revenge.
Witches also have a responsibility in how they present themselves to others.
Witches also like to say that they are pagans.
Witches also seem to be in touch with popular tastes.
Witches also take on the task of getting in touch with themselves.
Witches are always female, and sorcerers always male, and both reproduce with humans.
Witches are an independant lot.
Witches are animists, believing that the spark of divinity exists in all creation.
Witches are both male and female.
Witches are both males and female.
Witches are both secretive and mobile.
Witches are diverse, and practice a variety of traditions.
Witches are essentially healers, whether they heal broken bones or broken spirits.
Witches are everywhere, and can be dangerous.
Witches are extremely flammable.
Witches are fantasy.
Witches are female, warlocks are male Witches are both male and female.
Witches are full of tricks.
Witches are generally eclectic and draw on many aspects of paganism including shamanic practices.
Witches are healers.
Witches are individualists.
Witches are just people like everyone else.
Witches are just Witches.
Witches are normal, everyday, people.
Witches are now rare and weak, compared to ancient times.
Witches are often intimates, relatives, friends.
Witches are on the loose but members of other groups are also having fun with bystanders.
Witches are one of the most popular groups.
Witches are powerful people, but they do have their limits.
Witches are real.
Witches are scarier.
Witches are sensitive, intuitive people who work with the cycles of the moon.
Witches are simply more conscious of that process and put out strong thoughts.
Witches are so scarce nowadays.
Witches are too busy partying to do anything like that.
Witches are ugly, have warts and wear pointed hats.
Witches believe in responsibility.
Witches believe in the sanctity of all life.
Witches believe in the triple goddess and are protectors of mother earth.
Witches believe they have existed throughout known history in many parts of the world.
Witches can add new spells to their familiars through several methods.
Witches can be blonde, blue-eyed and beautiful.
Witches can be either men or women.
Witches can be good and evil.
Witches can be like that.
Witches can change themselves into cats.
Witches can never do evil.
Witches can summon glowing hula hoops to teleport people across vast distances.
Witches celebrate eight major festivals or sabbats each year.
Witches certainly can hold their beliefs and practices in private.
Witches claim that they have a constitutional right to hold ceremonies.
Witches come from all racial, socio-economic and religious backgrounds.
Witches come from all walks of life.
Witches come from every socio-economic background.
Witches come in all sexual orientations and genders.
Witches come to be Witches on their own terms, with no urging from anyone.
Witches do have magic wands.
Witches do magic and spells.
Witches don t sacrifice animals, worship the devil or cast evil spells, they say.
Witches feed each other.
Witches find joy in the material as well as the spiritual worlds.
Witches find joy, knowledge and enrichment in things that many people take for granted.
Witches fly all over town Always wearing an awful frown.
Witches fly fast, because they can only fly at night.
Witches follow the old Celtic agricultural calendar and the sabbats are seasonal celebrations.
Witches gather together during the different moon phases, and always when the moon is full.
Witches get attacks.
Witches give honor to the elements.
Witches have (part) arms.
Witches have (part) body substances.
Witches have (part) cell membranes.
Witches have (part) cells.
Witches have (part) corpi.
Witches have (part) cytoplasm.
Witches have (part) heads.
Witches have (part) human bodies.
Witches have (part) legs.
Witches have (part) material bodies.
Witches have (part) necks.
Witches have (part) nuclei.
Witches have (part) personality.
Witches have (part) plasma membranes.
Witches have (part) sections.
Witches have (part) vacuoles.
Witches have familiars, often in the form of a cat.
Witches have features.
Witches have follow features.
Witches have group and same sex, sex during rituals.
Witches have power that grows with wisdom.
Witches have to fly in straight lines.
Witches have tolerance.
Witches hold a deep reverence for nature and animals.
Witches live in attunement with the world's soul.
Witches look just like everyone else.
Witches love children and make excellent parents.
Witches never die before their time, except in the real world.
Witches never do anything hateful, mean, spiteful, or all around negative in thier work.
Witches normally meet monthly during the full moon in local covens of thirteen people.
Witches offer healing hands to fellow inmate.
Witches only work with the powers of light and creation.
Witches perform spells, such as the one described above.
Witches practise rituals on indigenous women's sites.
Witches prepare their brooms and pointy hats for the big event of the year.
Witches realize the earths power worshipping it as The Great Mother.
Witches recognize the phases of the moon and the changing of the seasons.
Witches ride on broomsticks, Ghosts hide ev'rywhere.
Witches say the ban violates their religious freedom.
Witches seek to control forces within themselves in order to live peaceful lives.
Witches sink in water.
Witches sppear openly on television.
Witches stir it.
Witches strive to respect the magickal arts, as well as the lives of others.
Witches take full responsibly for their actions.
Witches tend to be dedicated environmentalists.
Witches tend to be highly individualistic.
Witches TEND to focus more heavily upon certain mythic images than on others.
Witches treat patients and pray for rain or sun.
Witches try to hurt people.
Witches use a chant at the beginning of the Feast to welcome their ancestors.
Witches use a lot of symbolic magics for spells.
Witches use cyber space to make point in hurry.
Witches use ingredients such as herbs and chemicals to cas their spells.
Witches use ritual to attune to natural rhythms and give thanks for the bounty of the Earth.
Witches use spells.
Witches venerate the life forces in nature and seek to be in tune with natural cycles.
Witches walk in the night.
Witches wear clothing and robes of every color.
Witches work at aligning themselves with the free flow of the universe.
Witches work hard to correct the damage that has been done.
Witches work with the natural flow of energy in the world.
Witches worship false gods and goddesses .
Witches worship within a magick circle that is inscribed on the ground or floor.
Witchs are elderly people.
Witchs are fish.
Witchs are located in covens.
Witchs are made of wood.
Witchs are pagans.
Witchs are used for burning.
Witches often cause illnesses or spirit possession.
Witches often curse and sometimes kill their victims.
All Witches are creative, artistic, intuitive and spiritual people.
All witches are highly individualistic.
All witches travel at the same speed.
All witches wear black, look gothic, use heavy makeup and jewelry and can be spotted a mile away.
Every witch have one, a book writing itself.
Every witch seems to have a story about a spell gone wrong.
Many Witches also love animals and keep pets, especially the traditional cats.
Many witches also practise tantric sex magic.
Many witches are solitary.
Many witches begin with the North, where others begin with the east.
Many Witches do choose to wear black clothing or ritual robes.
Many Witches feel that wearing black attracts and holds more natural energy.
Many witches have an upside-down broom hanging in their house because it brings good luck.
Many witches scry in a magic circle to prevent outside influences from distorting their visions.
Most witches get attacks.
Most witches have a spell table or altar which is used only for ritual and magickal work.
Most witches have features.
Most witches have follow features.
Most witches have tolerance.
Most witches teach themselves to work magick.
Most witches use spells.
Some Witches also teach classes or facilitate discussion groups.
Some witches appear in scenes.
Some witches are Jewish and some claim to be Christian.
Some witches band together in covens .
Some witches believe that one has to be born with the talent to become a witch.
Some witches believe that that the most powerful time to cast a spell is during orgasm.
Some witches extend arms.
Some witches fall to death.
Some Witches feel detached from mundane life, maybe because they walk frequently between the worlds.
Some witches get fire.
Some witches get friendly fire.
Some witches have doors.
Some witches have knowledge.
Some witches have power.
Some witches have time.
Some witches like to construct their own athame rather then buy one.
Some witches practice alone, while some seek out a coven to practice with others.
Some witches practice in a coven, while others do it individually.
Some Witches prefer never to come out of the closet.
Some witches stop there.
Some Witches stop there.
Some witches take opportunity.
Some witches wear heavy makeup.
Some witches wear jewelry.
Witchcraft today continues to play a role in European societies and imaginations.
Witchcraft trials are an important issue in women's history.
Witchcraft trials begin in Salem.
Witchcraft trials occur with certain frequency, and any aberrant behavior is cause for denunciation.
A witchcraft is a necromancy
Witchcraft abounds and spells are often cast.
Witchcraft can have at least two, mutually incompatible meanings.
Witchcraft can have broad political ramifications.
Witchcraft demands a new way of looking at things, different from our accustomed point of view.
Witchcraft has many holidays and rituals.
Witchcraft has much in common with magick.
Witchcraft has nothing to do with long black dresses, black lipstick, or spiked collars.
Witchcraft has some very positive and life affirming teachings.
Witchcraft implies evil doing.
Witchcraft is a benign earth religion.
Witchcraft is a class of magic characterized by two things.
Witchcraft is a cult.
Witchcraft is a never-ending challenge on many levels.
Witchcraft is a Pagan folk-religion of personal experience rather than transmitted revelation.
Witchcraft is a Pagan folk-religion of personal experience.
Witchcraft is a Path with depth.
Witchcraft is a personal faith.
Witchcraft is a positive religion that reveres nature.
Witchcraft is a religion and a way of life.
Witchcraft is a religion of respect and honor.
Witchcraft is a religion, and magick is a tool.
Witchcraft is a religion.
Witchcraft is a spiritual path and way of life that is both personal and individual.
Witchcraft is a unique religion.
Witchcraft is a very positive, happy belief structure.
Witchcraft is a way of tuning one's self into nature and the natural energies found in all things.
Witchcraft is a word that frightens many people and confuses many others.
Witchcraft is a work of the flesh.
Witchcraft is also very widespread.
Witchcraft is an ancient religion requiring child sacrifice which has resurfaced in our day.
Witchcraft is an ancient religion that has been practiced since the Roman times.
Witchcraft is based on paradigm or worldview.
Witchcraft is both a religion and a way of life.
Witchcraft is everywhere.
Witchcraft is evil magic a person uses to do harm to another person.
Witchcraft is for desperate situations.
Witchcraft is generally a Spiritual, Earth-loving religion.
Witchcraft is in the churches.
Witchcraft is neither white magick nor black magick, simply magick.
Witchcraft is no longer to be feared nowadays, since it is being laughed at.
Witchcraft is nothing more nor less than the worship of Satan.
Witchcraft is one of the oldest religions, surviving centuries of persecution.
Witchcraft is part of African traditional medicine and has to do with evil spirit.
Witchcraft is practised and some men are thought to be able to turn into tigers.
Witchcraft is practised openly everywhere.
Witchcraft is prevalent.
Witchcraft is quite prevalent.
Witchcraft is recognized in the United States as a legitimate religion.
Witchcraft is soul-force allied with demonic power.
Witchcraft is suspected as the cause.
Witchcraft is the art of worship.
Witchcraft is the 'craft of the witch'.
Witchcraft is the illegitimate use of authority in a spiritual dimension.
Witchcraft is the mistress of the city of Salem.
Witchcraft is the practice of trying to control others for personal gain.
Witchcraft is the spirit inside, and for lack of a better word, is a science.
Witchcraft is very much a magickal way of life.
Witchcraft is very strong in parts of Cornwall.
Witchcraft is witchcraft.
Witchcraft is worldwide in scope but has had greatly varying roles at different times and places.
Witchcraft is worship and the art and a gift is using a tool or ability.
Witchcraft leads to an eternity in the lake of fire.
Witchcraft means something different to people who have read the books.
Witchcraft offers bondage to rituals.
Witchcraft operates by spells, curses, hypnosis.
Witchcraft refers to sorcery, superstition, the occult and horoscopes.
Witchcraft relies on an internal quality or disposition of the witch.
Witchcraft seeks to conjure up the dead.
Witchcraft strongly imbues the view that all things are independent and interrelated.
Witchcraft works around a general principle that there are two planes or levels of 'reality'.
Witchcraft works the worst sort of magic on many scholars.
Witchcrafts are sorcery.
All witchcraft is based on making curses.
A witchery is a necromancy
Witchery stands as one of the truly great death metal bands In the world today.
Witchings are practice.
Withdrawal rates vary inversely with courseloads.
A withdrawal symptom is a symptom
Withdrawal symptoms are anxiety, sweating, cramps, runny nose, vomiting, insomnia, pain.
Withdrawal symptoms are common for smokers who go periods without cigarettes.
Withdrawal symptoms are compensatory reactions that oppose the primary effects of the drug.
Withdrawal symptoms are generally mild and peak a few days after use has stopped.
Withdrawal symptoms are mild and flu-like.
Withdrawal symptoms are more severe than with other drugs.
Withdrawal symptoms are possible if the drug is abruptly stopped.
Withdrawal symptoms are primarily the opposite of the effects of the drug itself.
Withdrawal symptoms are rare.
Withdrawal symptoms are signs the body is recovering from the effects of tobacco.
Withdrawal symptoms are similar to influenza.
Withdrawal symptoms are sometimes life-threatening.
Withdrawal symptoms are symptoms.
Withdrawal symptoms are temporary.
Withdrawal symptoms are the evidence of a physical dependence.
Withdrawal symptoms are the pains experienced on deprivation of the chosen object.
Withdrawal symptoms are usually the opposite of the effects and side effects of the drug.
Withdrawal symptoms associated with amphetamine include the following.
Withdrawal symptoms can be serious and the lost pounds always come back with friends.
Withdrawal symptoms can be severe with psychiatric drugs.
Withdrawal symptoms can include being irritable, depressed, more easily angered, etc.
Withdrawal symptoms can include chills, cramps and hallucinations.
Withdrawal symptoms can include headaches and lethargy that last up to two days.
Withdrawal symptoms can include insomnia, muscle cramps, tremor, and anxiety.
Withdrawal symptoms can include severe fatigue and depression.
Withdrawal symptoms can last for a few days to several weeks.
Withdrawal symptoms can occur after several months of use.
Withdrawal symptoms can occur in the babies of mothers who use cocaine regularly.
Withdrawal symptoms can occur upon discontinuing the drug, especially if used for prolonged periods.
Withdrawal symptoms can occur when swapping over.
Withdrawal symptoms can occur when use is stopped abruptly.
Withdrawal symptoms can occur when use of amphetamines is stopped abruptly.
Withdrawal symptoms can occur with continued use at high doses.
Withdrawal symptoms can range from mild to life-threatening.
Withdrawal symptoms can take many forms.
Withdrawal symptoms develop when the person stops ingesting substances or reduces the amount.
Withdrawal symptoms differ according to the drug and how long the person has been dependent.
Withdrawal symptoms differ in intensity for each person.
Withdrawal symptoms occur whenever requests and letters and compliments diminish or cease.
Withdrawal symptoms occur.
Withdrawal symptoms range from restlessness, insomnia and anxiety to convulsions and death.
Withdrawal symptoms start when the blood alcohol level drops.
Withdrawal symptoms vary, depending on the abused substance.
Withdrawal syndrome includes anxiety, insomnia, tremors, delirium, convulsions, and possible death.
Withdrawal syndrome includes insomnia, hyperactivity, and occasional decreased appetite.
Withdrawal syndromes can occur after abrupt drug discontinuation of long term regimens.
Withdrawal syndromes differ for various drugs.
Withdrawal time begins after the last medication is consumed or ingested.
A withdrawal is a removal
Withdrawal admits defeat.
Withdrawal becomes effective on the date such notice is received.
Withdrawal becomes official only after the appropriate forms have been completed.
Withdrawal brings confusion, depression and anxiety.
Withdrawal can be a maneuver.
Withdrawal can be dangerous depending upon the amount of the drug the person used.
Withdrawal can be dangerous.
Withdrawal can be difficult.
Withdrawal can be like a cruel joke.
Withdrawal can be like having the flu - common symptoms are diarrhea and shaking.
Withdrawal can be more severe if the patient has used crack at high doses for an extended duration.
Withdrawal can cause mild to clinically significant distress or impairment in daily functioning.
Withdrawal can include severe headaches, nervousness, grouchiness, and rapid heartbeat.
Withdrawal can last from a few days to a few weeks.
Withdrawal can lead to restlessness, insomnia, convulsions and even death.
Withdrawal can lead to restlessness, insomnia, convulsions, and even death .
Withdrawal can lead to restlessness, insomnia, convulsions, and even death.
Withdrawal can lead to restlessness, insomnia, convulsions, and possibly death.
Withdrawal can occur for the baby as well.
Withdrawal can often be more dangerous than continuing on a medication.
Withdrawal can produce extreme anxiety, insomnia, convulsions, and death.
Withdrawal can produce lethargy.
Withdrawal can produce severe depression.
Withdrawal can result in suicidal depression.
Withdrawal can take place between one and five years after notification of intent to withdraw.
Withdrawal causes intense cravings.
Withdrawal causes no medical complications.
Withdrawal causes stomach cramps, diarrhea and sometimes seizures in the baby.
Withdrawal counts from the date that notice has been filed.
Withdrawal dates for irregularly scheduled courses vary according to class meeting dates.
Withdrawal dates for summer and intersession sessions are different.
Withdrawal depends on where the case is, procedurally speaking.
Withdrawal does end.
Withdrawal flow through a point sink on the bottom of a fluid of finite depth is considered.
Withdrawal has no side effects.
Withdrawal includes anxiety and panic.
Withdrawal is always an option.
Withdrawal is better than no birth control at all.
Withdrawal is complete when the designated official has been notified.
Withdrawal is difficult, but unpleasant symptoms decrease with abstinence and time.
Withdrawal is effective when it is used every time the man has sexual intercourse.
Withdrawal is high risk, because timing and self-control are so important.
Withdrawal is incomplete defense still liable for previous acts.
Withdrawal is like having a cold or the flu for a few days.
Withdrawal is mild, consists of headache, lethargy, irritability.
Withdrawal is more than tough.
Withdrawal is often worse in the evening.
Withdrawal is short, and mild in comparison to the suffering caused from continuing to smoke.
Withdrawal is too hard.
Withdrawal is usually the other typical option, because the words are so hurtful.
Withdrawal is usually worst the second day after quitting and usually gradually lessens.
Withdrawal isa denial.
Withdrawal leads to active resentment.
Withdrawal looks and feels like a bad case of the flu.
Withdrawal means complete, voluntary severance from classes for the balance of the academic year.
Withdrawal means dropping all classes.
Withdrawal means either retiring to cover, or removing oneself from range of the attack.
Withdrawal means recovery.
Withdrawal means sticking our heads in the sand for a dubious principle.
Withdrawal necessitates a formal application for readmission.
Withdrawal occurs if a student drops all of the classes after classes begin.
Withdrawal occurs when a dependent person stops using heroin or severely cuts down the amount used.
Withdrawal occurs when one partner is unwilling to get into and stay with important discussions.
Withdrawal offers no protection against sexually transmitted infections.
Withdrawal produces nausea, sweating, cramps, and ultimately depression.
Withdrawal provides no protection.
Withdrawal provides very little protection from sexually transmitted diseases.
Withdrawal refers to the craving that develops to return online sex.
Withdrawal takes effect one year from date of receipt of notification.
Withdrawal takes place after the confirmation of registration.
Withdrawal takes several forms, such as silence, running away, and drinking and drug use.
Withdrawal takes several forms.
Withdrawals are a different story.
Withdrawals are also tax-free if used to purchase a first house or for higher education expenses.
Withdrawals are available in person, by mail or over the telephone with proper identification.
Withdrawals are available to meet eligible unforeseen financial emergencies.
Withdrawals are counted until monthly processing, then start over.
Withdrawals are departures.
Withdrawals are excludable from income if they qualify as housing allowance.
Withdrawals are exempt from taxes under certain conditions.
Withdrawals are federal income tax free for tuition and other eligible expenses.
Withdrawals are Federal income tax-free for tuition and other eligible expenses.
Withdrawals are free and unlimited, worldwide.
Withdrawals are generally taxable to the extent they exceed basis in the policy.
Withdrawals are indifference.
Withdrawals are just as easy.
Withdrawals are limited to a couple of checks a month.
Withdrawals are limited to emergency repairs on the house.
Withdrawals are limited to one per month.
Withdrawals are limited to six per month with no more than three third party checks.
Withdrawals are limited to six per quarter.
Withdrawals are limited to two per year.
Withdrawals are more common.
Withdrawals are much more labor intensive than acquisitions.
Withdrawals are negative, Deposits are positive.
Withdrawals are non-refundable.
Withdrawals are removals.
Withdrawals are retraction.
Withdrawals are separation.
Withdrawals are subject to early withdrawal penalties.
Withdrawals are subject to plan limits.
Withdrawals are tax and penalty free only for qualified higher education expenses.
Withdrawals are tax free if conditions are met.
Withdrawals are tax free if used for educational purposes.
Withdrawals are taxable as ordinary income in the year made.
Withdrawals are taxable as ordinary income.
Withdrawals are taxable up to the amount of contract earnings.
Withdrawals are taxable when made.
Withdrawals are Taxable.
Withdrawals are tax-free as long as the money is used for higher education.
Withdrawals are tax-free if they are used for qualified educational purposes.
Withdrawals are tax-free if used for qualified education expenses.
Withdrawals are tax-free if used for qualified higher education expenses.
Withdrawals are tax-free when used for qualified education expenses .
Withdrawals are tax-free.
Withdrawals are terminations.
Withdrawals are the responsibility of the student .
Withdrawals are the student's responsibility.
Withdrawals based on medical disabilities require a physician's statement.
Withdrawals begin to supplement retirement funds.
Withdrawals can be a combination of telephone transfers or checks.
Withdrawals can be made at anytime, however, they are taxable in the year received.
Withdrawals can have a dramatic effect on fish distribution by reducing stream flow.
Withdrawals can last approximately a week or can last as long as six months.
Withdrawals carries a debit balance.
Withdrawals count as an attempt to take a class.
Withdrawals count as attempts.
Withdrawals has nothing to do with revenue.
Withdrawals is an accumulation of what the owner takes out of the business.
Withdrawals just records what the owner takes out of the business for personal use.
Withdrawals made for other purposes are subject to federal income tax.
Withdrawals next come from rollover contributions to the account, if any.
Withdrawals occur until each reservoir reaches a predetermined minimum pool.
Withdrawals processed in person are effective the day on which they are made.
Withdrawals reduce assets and reduce owner's equity.
Withdrawals reduce the capital account.
Withdrawals reduce the cash value and minimum guaranteed death benefit.
Withdrawals reduce the partners' capital accounts.
Withdrawals require a parent or guardian's written authorization.
Withdrawals See withdrawals .
Withdrawals submitted in writing are effective according to the postmark date of the envelope.
Withdrawals used for qualified higher education expenses are also exempt from New York income tax.
All withdrawals are also subject to all applicable tax laws, restrictions and penalties.
All withdrawals are by check.
All withdrawals are subject to income tax.
All withdrawals are subject to university regulations concerning credit or refunds of fees.
All withdrawals are taxable.
All withdrawals are to be approved by the student's academic advisor.
All withdrawals processed during the semester are subject to the refund schedule.
Any withdrawal requires the approval of at least two committee members.
Withdrawals symptoms are largely the result of powerful conditioned responses.
Withe isa device.
Withes have (part) sections.
Withered leaves are very poisonous.
Withered plants produce fruit.
Withered skin has a very rough texture usually full of wrinkles.
Withheld information is also subject to a second level of review by the trial court in camera.
Withheld refunds are an appealable penalty.
Withheld taxes are a tempting source of cash for many small businesses.
Withheld taxes are payable quarterly, monthly, or semiweekly, depending upon the amount withheld.
Withhold lottery prizes for more than child support and delinquent taxes.
A withholding tax is an income tax
Withholding tax is applicable on interest payments.
Withholding tax is the only deduction made from a graduate assistant's check.
Withholding tax is the only deduction made from a graduate instructor's check.
Withholding taxs are income taxs.
Withholding taxes do have severe disadvantages.
A withholding is deduction
Withholding also lulls taxpayers into indifference because they never actually have to pay taxes.
Withholding applies to wages paid for work performed in Ohio.
Withholding are retention.
Withholding are subtraction.
Withholding begins immediately.
Withholding imposes a difficult burden on employers that administer the program.
Withholding is a mandatory remedy which requires a higher standard of proof than asylum.
Withholding is actually an efficient way to collect taxes.
Withholding is considered to have been paid evenly throughout the year.
Withholding is court-ordered and usually paid to a child support enforcement agency.
Withholding is frowned upon.
Withholding is pre-tax.
Withholding is reported in the month the payroll is completed.
Withholding is required by law for every parent who has a child support obligation.
Withholding is required by law on certain types of payments.
Withholding is required for wages paid by an employer to an employee.
Withholding is required on the portion of the sale that relates to services provided in California.
Withholding is required only if compensation is for services performed in North Carolina.
Withholding is required only if the compensation is for services performed in North Carolina.
Withholding is the secret to making today s income tax system work.
Withholding occurs at the time wages are paid.
Witloof chicory is a member of the lettuce family.
Witloof chicory is produced in two stages.
Witloof chicory is usually room cooled after packing.
Witness intimidation is a federal crime.
Witness protection goes hand in hand with witness cooperation.
Witness protection is a vital tool to successful prosecutions of organized criminals.
A witness stand is a box
Witness stand is at extreme right.
Witness statements indicate that the suspect intentionally struck the officer and the witnesses.
All witness statements are to be treated as sworn, signed statements .
Witness testimonies reveal a certain degree of resentment there.
Witness testimony is crucial.
Witness testimony is on hold while the court figures out what to do next.
Witness testimony is online.
Witness testimony is presented, and students can present evidence and question witnesses.
A witness is a speaker
A witness is an observer
Witness accounts hint at driver duel.
Witness advances human rights through the use of video and related communications technologies.
Witness aims to plant and build the church.
Witness also reports hearing loud footfalls.
Witness answers with identification only.
Witness brings out the best and worst in all people.
Witness can be lonely.
Witness comes as a result of the joy of salvation.
Witness discover for all wing either bake brigham young cougars jacket.
Witness does theme issues better than anyone.
Witness fly to several automobile classifieds in connecticut.
Witness follow below a wing however mention medical insurance plans.
Witness helps participants answer questions about their own gifts for ministry and witness.
Witness identifies the injured portion of the body.
Witness improve along all crime next delight baseball equipment bag.
Witness improve along all crime next delight baseball equipment.
Witness improve along all crime next delight baseball glove.
Witness is a translation of the Greek word martyr.
Witness is an excellent magazine.
Witness is an invitation to just such a journey of discovery.
Witness is an invitation to just such a journey.
Witness is custodian or other person with knowledge of the business' filing system.
Witness is designed to be a transformational experience.
Witness is excused.
Witness is familiar with the object, scene, etc.
Witness is familiar with the scene, etc.
Witness is life.
Witness is mil.
Witness is one of the absolutely very best literary magazines in America.
Witness is really wonderful.
Witness is simply what it proclaims a witness to our ungainly evolution.
Witness is to be applauded.
Witness is to pursue truth and unity simultaneously.
Witness isa observer.
Witness isa speaker.
Witness jeans full of holes transformed into beautiful garments and crafts.
Witness lives impacted by a praying grandmother.
Witness lives under the occupation in Gaza, West Bank, and Golan Heights.
Witness moves toward the creation of more vocational graduate schools.
Witness Never Stops True witness never stops.
Witness observes several objects claims to be UFOs, likely explained as misidentified air traffic.
Witness only has three full-time employees.
Witness publishes one general and one theme issue each year.
Witness recognizes the object, scene, etc.
Witness recognizes the scene, etc.
Witness reports, officers' reports, warrants and more.
Witness says officer verbally abused one of friends.
Witness says photos show half-naked girls and lewd acts.
Witness sees - A description of the event as seen by a contemporary witness, in present tense.
Witness states that reviewing refreshes the memory.
Witness states the test results.
Witness steps down.
Witness swear beyond a wing although confuse georgia tech clothing.
Witness takes over The Rumble.
Witness thinks it was in the fore part of the day.
Witness thus becomes connatural to Christian faith.
Witness works closely with maintenance and knows what occurred with the machine.
Witnesses also mention the existence of two tracks during the second phase.
Witnesses also perceive time as moving more slowly during traumatic events.
Witnesses also report the presence of some Rwandan soldiers.
Witnesses also use stories to explain their side.
Witnesses apply what they heard about UFOs in the past and soon their perceptions become reality.
Witnesses are a major part of any agreement.
Witnesses are able to be called and evidence is given under oath.
Witnesses are also victims.
Witnesses are always partial.
Witnesses are capable of state names.
Witnesses are cross-examined to help clarify testimony.
Witnesses are dead.
Witnesses are especially important in establishing certain facts about the fire.
Witnesses are essential to our system of justice.
Witnesses are extremely important.
Witnesses are films.
Witnesses are free to discuss their testimony.
Witnesses are highly inconvenient for a number of reasons.
Witnesses are important.
Witnesses are invaluable when trying to get a conviction or get across a life-changing message.
Witnesses are key to solving an arson case.
Witnesses are key.
Witnesses are less likely to come forward because of fear.
Witnesses are like pieces of a puzzle.
Witnesses are nice, but evidence is better.
Witnesses are notoriously unreliable in estimating the time-duration of unexpected events.
Witnesses are of three types.
Witnesses are often the best man, bridesmaids, or the bride and groom's parents.
Witnesses are people who can see and hear all of the marriage ceremony.
Witnesses are people.
Witnesses are present when it is read but then leave the hearing until their testimony is needed.
Witnesses are reportedly afraid of police investigators and are reluctant to discuss what they saw.
Witnesses are scared to death of what happened in that house.
Witnesses are signers.
Witnesses are speakers.
Witnesses are subject to cross-examination.
Witnesses are testimony.
Witnesses are the eyes, ears and senses of the jury.
Witnesses are to be completely silent.
Witnesses are to be examined orally in the open court at the hearing of the suit.
Witnesses are to be present in the hearing room only during their own testimony.
Witnesses are to be sworn.
Witnesses are to be weighed rather than counted.
Witnesses are to state their names clearly for the record.
Witnesses are under no obligation to inform management they have been approached.
Witnesses are under oath and subject to cross-examination.
Witnesses are usually cross-examined by other parties.
Witnesses are very important to Canadian law.
Witnesses are very important.
Witnesses are what makes the case, what puts meat on the bones.
Witnesses begin coming forward to recant their original trial testimony .
Witnesses believe that the two occupants of the vehicle are of light skinned complexion.
Witnesses can back out, judges can make bad rulings and juries can be biased.
Witnesses can be experts, or witnesses who know some facts about the case.
Witnesses can be honest or they can lie, and perjure themselves.
Witnesses can be mythical, provided the evidence they are presenting is historically valid.
Witnesses can be subpoenaed-that is, ordered to come into court.
Witnesses can benefit in the preparation process by going through a dry run of their testimony.
Witnesses can have no claim against the individual.
Witnesses can identify subject.
Witnesses can make up cases.
Witnesses can more easily identify culprits because the light reacts to any movement in the area.
Witnesses can quickly see mugshots from any borough.
Witnesses can still influence jurors when they are off the stand.
Witnesses can testify to that when they appear here.
Witnesses cheer madly as funky music blares in the background.
Witnesses claim that a drunk American marine beat up a Macedonian policeman.
Witnesses claim that in less than two minutes, the ship was blown over, filled with water, and sank.
Witnesses claim that three men left the victim by the tracks.
Witnesses claim the cat was beat mercilessly.
Witnesses claim the kidnappers wore masks and uniforms.
Witnesses complicate crimes.
Witnesses confirm the truth.
Witnesses continue to be contacted for interview and re-interview.
Witnesses decribe the blast.
Witnesses describe a red pickup truck with tinted glass.
Witnesses describe attentive mothers.
Witnesses describe brutal mass shootings.
Witnesses describe hearing a sound similar to an airplane taking off.
Witnesses describe it as having a membrane under it's arms which they believe it uses to fly.
Witnesses describe mothers.
Witnesses describe seeing what looked like fireworks in the night sky.
Witnesses describe the blast.
Witnesses describe the passengers of the car as three black males and a woman of unknown race.
Witnesses describe the perpetrators as known hoods.
Witnesses describe the suspects as male, Hispanic adults.
Witnesses die or forget, and evidence disappears.
Witnesses die or move, evidence is lost or destroyed.
Witnesses die, move, disappear.
Witnesses disagree as to what happened next.
Witnesses disappear and memories fade with the passage of time.
Witnesses disappear or are murdered.
Witnesses do accept non-blood replacement fluids, volume expanders, or blood substitutes.
Witnesses do die and forget, but they also can come forward after a long time period.
Witnesses estimate height.
Witnesses expose the truth.
Witnesses face threats to their jobs, ridicule, and the accusation of harassing innocent parents.
Witnesses fear retribution from the federal government.
Witnesses Find out who they are, their telephone numbers and home addresses.
Witnesses form cordons around spearing families and drums.
Witnesses give details.
Witnesses give oral testimony and are present only during the time they testify.
Witnesses give testimony from a witness stand facing the public.
Witnesses go to homes, invite discussion and leave their literature behind.
Witnesses have (part) arms.
Witnesses have (part) body substances.
Witnesses have (part) cell membranes.
Witnesses have (part) cells.
Witnesses have (part) corpi.
Witnesses have (part) cytoplasm.
Witnesses have (part) heads.
Witnesses have (part) human bodies.
Witnesses have (part) legs.
Witnesses have (part) material bodies.
Witnesses have (part) necks.
Witnesses have (part) nuclei.
Witnesses have (part) personality.
Witnesses have (part) plasma membranes.
Witnesses have (part) sections.
Witnesses have (part) vacuoles.
Witnesses have experience.
Witnesses have greater credibility than that gained be migo.
Witnesses have life.
Witnesses have long life.
Witnesses have no successors, and consequently the apostles have no successors.
Witnesses have one task to tell the truth as they have experienced it.
Witnesses have to be called.
Witnesses have to swear to tell the truth during the trial.
Witnesses have work experience.
Witnesses help to substantiate the fact that something has taken place.
Witnesses indicate that at least one person in the group returned fire.
Witnesses indicate that the suspect exited the bank and fled on a scooter or skateboard.
Witnesses indicate the plateau at the accident site was obscured with low clouds.
Witnesses indicate the shooter was wearing a mask.
Witnesses keep changing their stories.
Witnesses know the facts.
Witnesses lie because they think they got to.
Witnesses living close by say the formation was more distinct earlier.
Witnesses Look for people who witnesses the accident.
Witnesses make questionable statements.
Witnesses make scant mention of their persecution and their legal battles.
Witnesses move on.
Witnesses offer a broad description of clothing, and even race of the criminal.
Witnesses onscene described tornado.
Witnesses place the eccentric individual at the crime scene.
Witnesses play a vital role in the administration of justice.
Witnesses play an important role in the search for justice.
Witnesses Prepares witnesses for what to expect in court and defines common legal terms.
Witnesses present their opinions.
Witnesses provide the information through which critical decisions are made.
Witnesses range from the average citizen to even more reliable witnesses, like police officers.
Witnesses recall and negative cueing.
Witnesses recall different hair color, height, and even the number of suspects involved.
Witnesses receive witness fees and mileage only when they appear in court at the scheduled time.
Witnesses recognize Eritrean law only to extent compatible with their personal religious views.
Witnesses relocate, evidence is lost and memories dim when unnecessary delay is permitted.
Witnesses report a photographer lurking suspiciously at the scene of the crime.
Witnesses report bodies or just chunks of human flesh littering lake shores and schoolyards.
Witnesses report seeing a helicopter depart.
Witnesses report that a rubber bullet also struck a nearby man in the head.
Witnesses report that the mob beat up anyone trying to rescue the missionaries.
Witnesses report that the tractor was traveling at a high rate of speed.
Witnesses report the smell of burning flesh.
Witnesses report watching the plane take off from the airport, and then dive into a nearby field.
Witnesses report what happened, what they saw and heard.
Witnesses reverse themselves.
Witnesses rush to help.
Witnesses say a fight between two students ended with one firing two gunshots in the air.
Witnesses say a human column several kilometres long has formed.
Witnesses say a man shot the victim several times during a family gathering.
Witnesses say a monkey on the roof of the building pushed at least two pots over the edge.
Witnesses say another student was thrown from a back window.
Witnesses say conditions on the highway went from clear to thick smoke nearly without warning.
Witnesses say different.
Witnesses say five people died on the spot.
Witnesses say Israeli tanks fired shells during the clash.
Witnesses say it appeared the aerobatic plane lost power after going straight up and rolling.
Witnesses say it took less than five minutes for the huge tent to be completely enveloped in flames.
Witnesses say it was a freak accident.
Witnesses say more time was wasted in bickering among parties than in any real debate.
Witnesses say otherwise.
Witnesses say police charged the crowd moments after the rally began.
Witnesses say problems started for the doomed flight almost immediately.
Witnesses say prostitutes openly smoke heroin, and intravenous use is growing.
Witnesses say shortly before three manhole covers blew into the air.
Witnesses say smoke was coming from the wheels.
Witnesses say soldiers stood by without stopping the mob.
Witnesses say ta gunman walked up to the victim and fired twice.
Witnesses say that apartments had already been sold.
Witnesses say that many of the young men from the village had already fled, fearing for their lives.
Witnesses say that the car ran a redlight and crashed into the bus at a very high speed.
Witnesses say that the light is most often seen when facing north.
Witnesses say that the military fired on people as they ran, and executed several on the beach.
Witnesses say that the police remained at the ranch during that night.
Witnesses say that the young man had decided to use the arm to fire at an object just for fun.
Witnesses say that there was no reasonable basis for such a concern.
Witnesses say that they have seen a wet substance, a type of oil, dripping from the statue's eyes.
Witnesses say that Weston pushed a gun into Chestnut's face and fired.
Witnesses say that when the two came to rest in the middle of the road it was a tangled mess.
Witnesses say the apparitions occur in the wee hours of the morning.
Witnesses say the area looked like a war zone, and the clubhouse was nearly uprooted.
Witnesses say the blast sent a ball of flames into the sky.
Witnesses say the boy on the shuttle bus and at the airport.
Witnesses say the boy was last spotted on the shuttle bus and at the airport.
Witnesses say the bus was stopped for a red light and straddling the tracks when it was hit.
Witnesses say the collapse sounded like a train crash.
Witnesses say the crime was racially motivated.
Witnesses say the event featured nude lap dancers and sex acts.
Witnesses say the fire was set by police.
Witnesses say the government troops have done little more that loot, pillage and retreat.
Witnesses say the impact of the blast was heard two kilometres away.
Witnesses say the instrument dropped out of tune when the casket passed by.
Witnesses say the mail jeep rolled at least three times.
Witnesses say the man was wearing a wig.
Witnesses say the man's girlfriend came to the boarding house and set the victim on fire.
Witnesses say the plane burst into flames when it hit the ground.
Witnesses say the plane caught fire before it crash- landed northeast of Colombo.
Witnesses say the plane was in several parts and was still on fire after crashing in an empty field.
Witnesses say the propeller came off the plane in-flight.
Witnesses say the rear end stepped out, causing the bike to highside.
Witnesses say the rotor blades fell off before the chopper crashed.
Witnesses say the shooting occurred when the man tried to walk way.
Witnesses say the sky became extremely dark, followed by intense rain.
Witnesses say the state got way out of line.
Witnesses say the suspects fled in a dark blue or black sedan.
Witnesses say there was almost no blood at the scene.
Witnesses say there was no display of emotion in the room.
Witnesses say they are a rare and beautiful phenomenon about the size of an orange or grapefruit.
Witnesses say they are armed and usually strike during the lunch hour or at closing time.
Witnesses say they can see flames shooting through the roof.
Witnesses say they got in a red van with something written in gold on the side, and drove away.
Witnesses say they heard a big boom.
Witnesses say they heard at least five shots.
Witnesses say they saw a large mushroom cloud after the blast.
Witnesses say they saw Indonesian soldiers help the militia.
Witnesses say they saw soldiers and police standing by as the violence was occurring.
Witnesses say they saw the eight board the cable car that morning.
Witnesses say they saw the men together at a bar earlier in the night.
Witnesses say they saw three men escaping from the scene.
Witnesses say they saw two men pushing it.
Witnesses say they saw two young black males dressed in dark clothing at the scene.
Witnesses say thick plumes of smoke can be scene rising from the tanker.
Witnesses Signing the register requires two legal witnesses to act as signatories.
Witnesses sit across from the committee members at the witness table.
Witnesses stand alongside workers in the field and meet with strawberry-firm owners.
Witnesses stare back in wondrous frenzy.
Witnesses still recall the day a woman came in speaking in tongues as if possessed by a spirit.
Witnesses study the Book of Revelation incessantly.
Witnesses suspect a meth lab sparked the fire.
Witnesses swear to the truth of their affidavits under penalty of perjury.
Witnesses talk of bodies dumped into unmarked graves in the city-owned cemetery.
Witnesses tell of sickeningly brutal deaths of dogs.
Witnesses tell the truth.
Witnesses tell their accounts of the church shooting in Fort Worth, Texas.
Witnesses testify on each side.
Witnesses testify under oath and are subject to cross-examination.
Witnesses testify under oath and in the order set by the judge.
Witnesses testify, including a doctor who describes the nature of the wounds.
Witnesses testifying at the hearing are usually experts in science.
Witnesses too are liable to be intimidated.
Witnesses typically testify under oath.
Witnesses willingly come before the judge to assist in the administration of justice.
Witnesses always report that there is a smell of burning flesh.
Witnesses often change their stories after they've had time to reflect back on the event.
Witnesses often discuss their views of the event with relatives.
Witnesses often file affidavits to avoid undergoing questioning by attorneys in a deposition.
Witnesses usually get things about half right.
All witnesses agree that the murderer was in a cop's uniform.
All witnesses are gender neutral.
All witnesses are subject to cross-examination, or questioning, by the other party.
All witnesses are subject to questioning for the purposes of clarification.
All witnesses are to be physically present in the courthouse ready to testify when needed.
All witnesses are to be present in the courthouse and ready to testify when called.
All witnesses testify and give evidence, such as photographs or medical records.
Any witness presented by that party is subject to cross-examination by the opposing party.
Any witnesses round off the testimony presented during the hearing.
Every witness comes with a lot of baggage.
Every witness has a legal duty to give evidence.
Every witness has the potential to alter information.
Every witness has to sit there and answer questions.
Every witness is equally important.
Every witness is presumed to be competent to testify.
Every witness is presumed to be competent.
Many witnesses are even quicker.
Many witnesses are furious that they never got their day in court.
Many witnesses claim they saw other suspect flee the scene of the murder.
Many witnesses indicate a fear of being made fun of and ridiculed.
Many witnesses report seeing strange blue lights moving in the graveyard.
Many Witnesses work in the health-care field.
Most witnesses also claim to have seen fangs.
Most witnesses are uncomfortable, especially the losers, and even the Nobel Prize is a raffle.
Most witnesses are women who report sexual encounters with the reptoids.
Most witnesses describe attentive mothers.
Most witnesses describe mothers.
Most witnesses estimate height.
Most witnesses give details.
Most witnesses have a problem with keeping their mouth shut.
Most witnesses have experience.
Most witnesses have life.
Most witnesses have long life.
Most witnesses have work experience.
Most witnesses remain on the witness stand less than an hour.
Some witnesses approach officers.
Some witnesses are alive to testify.
Some witnesses believe that it is of religious nature and that the beams of light are beacons.
Some witnesses can legally refuse to answer questions.
Some witnesses claim that park employees mishandled the emergency.
Some witnesses claim that they saw flames on Medina's head.
Some witnesses claim to see the orbs form into alien beings or craft.
Some witnesses demonstrate lack.
Some witnesses even claim seeing ancient Hawaiian warrior apparitions.
Some witnesses even claim the bizarre entity has supernatural powers.
Some witnesses have videotapes and photographs.
Some witnesses indicate that the majority of prostitutes are Chinese.
Some witnesses know victims.
Some witnesses recall a scent similar to ammonia suddenly being perceptible.
Some witnesses report hearing cries and shooting or Serb forces talking about killing the men.
Some witnesses report staff.
Some witnesses report that the fire broke out before the train entered the tunnel.
Some witnesses report that troops said they had orders to prevent the evacuation of the wounded.
Some witnesses report women.
Some witnesses say it was fate, some say poetic justice.
Some witnesses say soldiers have even taken the clothes off the backs of civilians on the street.
Some witnesses say there was a shot fired before the police officers fired their guns.
Some witnesses see badgers.
Some witnesses see bombs.
Some witnesses see cars.
Some witnesses see compact cars.
Some witnesses see men.
Some witnesses see more than others.
Some witnesses see murder scenes.
Some witnesses see murder.
Some witnesses see rooms.
Some witnesses see scenes.
Some witnesses suggest statements.
Some witnesses try to be too helpful.
Witnesses Witnesses can take the form of expert, notice or eye witnesses to a claim.
Wittgensteinian exegesis is a graveyard.
Witty banter is only the half of it.
Witty characters are, for the most part, smart characters.
Witty description goes here.
Witty graphics are cute, but never cloying.
Witty rhymes teach sea creature names, characteristics, and habitat facts.
Witty seances douse tiny sparks.
WIUS sports is Indiana's home for campus sports.
A wiz is an expert
Wiz Offers free insurance quotes for long term care, life, health.
Wiz provides direct access to dozens of car rental companies.
Wizard class is either too strong or more appealing to more skilled players.
Wizard descriptor is right way how to achieve that.
Wizard details reflect specifics of state and distribution company rules and processes.
Wizard figurines are also a whimsical addition to any budding wizard's bedroom.
Wizard forms let users insert data one bit at a time.
Wizard functions provide easy to follow setup procedures.
Wizard island is a new volcanic cone growing out of the lake.
Wizard Island is a small cinder cone that formed within the caldera, after the collapse.
Wizard Island is also open while boat tours are running.
Wizard Island is on the left.
Wizard Island is shown in the left portion of the picture.
Wizard Island is the top of one of the cones.
Wizard minds work differently from muggle minds, as their world is more ordinary, more dull.
Wizard software makes digital phone configurations quick and easy.
Wizard window appears.
Wizard world is a collectors dream site with everything from comics to beanie babies.
A wizard is an expert
Wizard isa individual.
Wizard isa person.
Wizard isa somebody.
Wizard isa someone.
Wizards allow for adding dynamic elements such as forms and cookies.
Wizards also have the ability to cast person based area effect spells beginning with numbing cold.
Wizards also provide the user with full backward mobility.
Wizards are a good place to start.
Wizards are a guided approach to creating a presentation.
Wizards are a lot like engineers.
Wizards are a plus.
Wizards are a very powerful class however they are also a very hard class to play.
Wizards are administrator-like players who can create new game areas for others to visit.
Wizards are also symbols of balanced male and female energy or yin-yang.
Wizards are available to easily create standard reports.
Wizards are black box scaffolding.
Wizards are cool.
Wizards are dreamers and more.
Wizards are especially useful for complex or infrequently performed tasks.
Wizards are highly standardized solutions for the most common applications.
Wizards are ingenious help programs that automate much of a complicated process.
Wizards are like macros, except they have dialog boxes for interactive user input.
Wizards are magazines.
Wizards are mere masters of deception through illusion when left to their own devices.
Wizards are one of the handiest features for beginners.
Wizards are out of their minds.
Wizards are powerful casters whose mastery is in dishing damage.
Wizards are pure magic users, eschewing the training of the body in favor of training the mind.
Wizards are rare.
Wizards are simply great for documents with complex layouts like brochures and newsletters.
Wizards are software, with all the associated up-front development costs.
Wizards are standard fare in the country's kung fu novels.
Wizards are system administrators.
Wizards are the masters of thunder and lightning.
Wizards are the most numerous of the magic-using professions.
Wizards are the most straightforward type of majician.
Wizards are the thinking-person's battlers.
Wizards are the undisputed masters of magical damage.
Wizards are very clever and skillful.
Wizards are without a doubt, the first and the best at collectable trading card games.
Wizards assist in the simplification of more complex tasks.
Wizards automate common and complex tasks, saving the developer time and drudgery.
Wizards automate the installation process, even creating dial-up networking entries.
Wizards automate the process of creating the commerce site.
Wizards can add their own artwork to the game.
Wizards can add to the database.
Wizards can also help to simplify complex or infrequent tasks.
Wizards can dish more damage in a shorter period time than any other class in the game period.
Wizards can draw on a spectacular array of magical forces.
Wizards can easily extend it if they feel anything is lacking, by writing a simple module.
Wizards can enlarge or modify the world, add new areas or update old ones.
Wizards can now request a new password from the client properly.
Wizards can only wear troll leather, regular leather, and cloth.
Wizards can still use spells and dispells, and all characters can use their magical equipment.
Wizards can work individually or as part of a domain.
Wizards classify each recipe and compute nutritional information.
Wizards cost ten points each and can cast four different spells.
Wizards covers . . .
Wizards create the new catalog, and add products and informational files.
Wizards distribute existing reports to the Web in just a few clicks.
Wizards do one thing - nuke.
Wizards enable users to easily coordinate the data import and export processes.
Wizards generate page templates which make use of reusable objects.
Wizards get to use master elemental spells.
Wizards go in the back row, so they can concentrate and get off more spells.
Wizards guide each step of the install and configuration process.
Wizards guide new users through all the steps from scanning to saving the new text file.
Wizards guide novice users.
Wizards has yet to face that problem.
Wizards have (part) arms.
Wizards have (part) body substances.
Wizards have (part) cell membranes.
Wizards have (part) cells.
Wizards have (part) corpi.
Wizards have (part) cytoplasm.
Wizards have (part) heads.
Wizards have (part) human bodies.
Wizards have (part) legs.
Wizards have (part) material bodies.
Wizards have (part) necks.
Wizards have (part) nuclei.
Wizards have (part) personality.
Wizards have (part) plasma membranes.
Wizards have (part) sections.
Wizards have (part) vacuoles.
Wizards have exp. and level up.
Wizards have magical spells plus they can combine spells to form magic traps.
Wizards have the following unique abilities.
Wizards have the power to summon a vast range of creatures and cast amazing spells.
Wizards help novice users to learn more about the tweaks and their results.
Wizards help the novice user make mass changes or deletions.
Wizards let users easily add new customers, vehicles and suppliers to the database.
Wizards like to research new spells.
Wizards limit navigation.
Wizards look into the magic mirror of creation and find love their highest inspiration.
Wizards make common tasks easier.
Wizards Make creating new pages or entire Web sites easy.
Wizards make importing and linking foreign data easy.
Wizards make it easy to create a volume.
Wizards make it easy to create files by responding to questions from dialog boxes.
Wizards make it easy to install and easy to use.
Wizards make it easy.
Wizards make it simple.
Wizards make the creation process extremely easy.
Wizards make the potion base for crimson essence.
Wizards makes it a very full event for the kids.
Wizards manipulate the very essence of magic itself to mysterious and powerful effect.
Wizards never go home early.
Wizards offers players and GMs alike sound advice on creating viable and original characters.
Wizards plans to expand the fan club's membership privileges and activities.
Wizards provide a decision-tree framework.
Wizards provide another shortcut for creating documents.
Wizards provide fast, simple system installation and setup.
Wizards realize that life is their dream.
Wizards remain awake in delta sleep and become aware of the universe and the ego simultaneously.
Wizards run the place.
Wizards saving grace with all of their problems is the power of their spells.
Wizards seem to love competition.
Wizards show users how to eliminate unnecessary steps.
Wizards simplify complex image processing functions.
Wizards simplify the task of selecting and finding a news-group.
Wizards take perfect record to Miami.
Wizards tend to write new areas for the game, or sometimes they just sit around and socialize.
Wizards typically incorporate documentation fields, data input fields, file choosers, etc.
Wizards typically use piercing weapons, so buy a sax or tiger's claw.
Wizards use an add-in technology so that more wizards can be added easily.
Wizards wake when they dream and dream when awake.
Wizards win third straight.
Wizards work in the present.
Wizards often sound confused.
All wizards code in domains.
All wizards have context sensitive help.
Many wizards seem to have tremendous power and influence.
More Wizards Makes it easier to perform routine or challenging tasks.
Most wizards prefer the mountain fastness or the forest glens.
Some wizards look at doors.
Some wizards speak in sound bites and advertising slogans.
Some wizards specialize in services.
Some wizards wield swords.
Some wizards work really well, and others confuse users more than they help.
A wizardry is creativity
All wizardry is dangerous.
WizConsole software is provided on a floppy disk.
Wizzy tools are here, but they are the wrong approach.
Wkly rates avail.
Wl courses are most suitable for enrollment-limited classes.
WLS members explore issues concerning education, industry and society.
WLS pipe is eddy current ND tested for reliability before it leaves the plant.
Wmconfig files are a window manager independant way of storing menu configurations.
Wmconfig files are a window manager independent way of storing menu configurations.
WMMS practice is designed to first build health, and, second, build longevity.
Wo men are nearly twice as likely to suffer from major depression than men.
WOAR representatives are available to accompany victims to any medical or legal proceedings.
Wobble motors are a unique innovation that bring high performance and low cost to electric motors.
A wobble is movement
Wobbles are part of the process.
Wobbler syndrome is diagnosed via visualization.
Wobbly bonds are great when a flexible and durable connection is needed.
Wobbly conditions make the IPOs more difficult for the markets to digest.
Wobbly policies invite terror.
Wobbly recordings remain white dots of sound.
Wodaabe religion is largely Islamic.
Wodaabe women have beauty traditions of their own.
Wodabe women are beautiful people.
A woe is misery
Woe be unto an owner who accidentally drops a chewing-gum wrapper.
Woe be unto the gifted child who betrays that inborn talent through lack of effort.
Woe be unto the matey.
Woe betides anyone who manages to combine both.
A wog is a person
Wogs begin at Calais and all that.
WOIS users can sign up for the service at a greatly reduced price.
A wok is a pan
Woks are available in stainless steel, copper and nonstick surfaces.
Woks are dishs.
Woks are pans.
Woks make the best stir-fry, bar none.
Woks work well.
Wolcott soils have less clay and more sand in the lower part of the solum and substratum.
A wolf pack is a pack
All wolf packs defend a territory, which can greatly vary in size.
Some wolf packs have ranges.
Some wolf packs leave their territory to follow the caribou.
Wolf pups live to adulthood.
Wolf pups weigh about pounds.
A wolf spider is a spider
Wolf spiders catch prey.
Wolf spiders eat prey.
Wolf spiders feed on insects.
Wolf spiders have legs.
Wolf spiders hunt for food.
Wolf spiders inhabit ranges.
Wolf spiders wait for prey.
Many wolf spiders are large, sometimes they have body lengths of around one inch.
Many wolf spiders have very long copulations with many many insertions.
Most wolf spiders catch prey.
Most wolf spiders eat prey.
Most wolf spiders feed on insects.
Most wolf spiders have legs.
Most wolf spiders wait for prey.
Some wolf spiders dig burrows.
Some wolf spiders live in burrows.
A wolf is a canid
Wolf isa mammal.
Wolfs are animals.
Wolfs are canines.
Wolfs are carnivores.
Wolfs are located in forests.
Wolfs are located in zoos.
Wolfs are rivers.
Wolfs have teeth.
Wolves achieve dominance.
Wolves add an important dimension and a critical diversity to wildlife populations everywhere.
Wolves allure and repel.
Wolves also bark to warn other pack members of danger or to challenge an enemy.
Wolves also behave very differently from dogs.
Wolves also communicate by scent.
Wolves also communicate by the position of the tails, lips, nose and ears.
Wolves also eat beaver and snowshoe hare.
Wolves also eat livestock that belong to humans.
Wolves also eat smaller mammals, birds, fish, lizards, snakes, and fruit.
Wolves also emit a low, short bark to signal danger or to challenge a stranger.
Wolves also have a superior sensory mechanism.
Wolves also have an excellent sense of smell.
Wolves also have another layer of fur called guard hairs.
Wolves also have relationships with other animals besides their prey.
Wolves also have ruffs of long hair framing the sides of their faces like sideburns.
Wolves also help feed other animals.
Wolves also howl in long tones, while coyotes call out in yups and yaps.
Wolves also howl to warn other wolf packs that they have entered foreign territory.
Wolves also identify each other by their individual scents.
Wolves also pair in mating.
Wolves also possess excellent senses of sight and hearing.
Wolves also spawn here.
Wolves also talk to each other.
Wolves also use ear postures for communicating amongst themselves.
Wolves also use sign language.
Wolves also use smell for marking out borderlines and paths in their territory.
Wolves also use smell for marking out borders and paths in their territory.
Wolves also use tail positions to communicate emotion.
Wolves also wrestle, rub cheeks and noses, nip, nuzzle, and lick each other.
Wolves apparently use their acute hearing even when they are asleep.
Wolves appear thinner in summer because their coat thins out.
Wolves approach outlook.
Wolves are a class of the canine family, and they seem to do very well in the right environment.
Wolves are a competent team.
Wolves are a good example.
Wolves are a key component in all ecosystems in which they live.
Wolves are a large, strong carnivorous predator.
Wolves are a natural part of Washington's splendid array of wildlife.
Wolves are a necessary part of many ecosystems.
Wolves are a nice topic to learn about.
Wolves are a protected species in Missouri.
Wolves are a threat to our children.
Wolves are a top-line predator.
Wolves are a valuable part to our ecological system.
Wolves are a very misunderstood animal.
Wolves are a very shy species, just like coyotes and fox they avoid contact with humans.
Wolves are a very social kind of animal.
Wolves are a wide-ranging species and their social structure promotes widespread dispersal.
Wolves are able to successfully breed with both of their cousins, coyote and dog.
Wolves are able to survive anywhere there is adequate food and human tolerance.
Wolves are absolutely committed and loyal to the pack and find their place within the group.
Wolves are active and cunning carnivores, capable of surviving in nearly every climate known.
Wolves are affectionate animals regardless of their frightening razor sharp fangs.
Wolves are also a problem for domestic animals.
Wolves are also inherently social beings , living in families called packs.
Wolves are also much more seasonal than dogs - especially neutered dogs.
Wolves are also predators.
Wolves are also scavengers - eating winter killed prey in addition to hunting their food.
Wolves are also scavengers and often eat animals that have died due to other causes.
Wolves are always hungery.
Wolves are always hungry.
Wolves are always on the prowl for smaller calves.
Wolves are amazing and talented creatures.
Wolves are amazing animals.
Wolves are among the most loyal of animals, having deep attachments to their companions.
Wolves are among the most misunderstood of all animals.
Wolves are an example of predators that stalk their prey.
Wolves are an exception among the animals.
Wolves are an extremely social animal.
Wolves are animals that hunt for food.
Wolves are beautiful and elegant animals.
Wolves are beautiful animals with a bad reputation.
Wolves are beautiful, intelligent creatures and they belong in the wild.
Wolves are beautiful, majestic creatures, but somewhat misunderstood.
Wolves are beneficial to the overall health of species in the wild, and have spiritual value.
Wolves are bloodthirsty killers who waste more than they can eat.
Wolves are built for stamina, possessing features tailored for long distance travel.
Wolves are by nature predators.
Wolves are by nature wary of humans and put their trust in the pack.
Wolves are carnivores .
Wolves are carnivores but they eat other foods too.
Wolves are carnivores, and in most of Mainland Alaska, moose and caribou are their primary food.
Wolves are carnivores, domestic dogs are omnivores.
Wolves are carnivores, or meat eaters.
Wolves are carnivores, which means they eat meat.
Wolves are carnivores, which means they eat only meat.
Wolves are carnivores.
Wolves are carnivorous which means they primarily eat meat.
Wolves are cautious about accepting new members to the pack.
Wolves are common in coastal Labrador, especially when caribou herds are on the move.
Wolves are common in Interior Alaska.
Wolves are common to all parts of the Northern Hemisphere.
Wolves are considered to be active predators.
Wolves are controversial because they are large predators.
Wolves are covered in a moderate length pelt across most of their body.
Wolves are creatures which humans can both relate to and yet fear.
Wolves are cruel and kill for the fun of it.
Wolves are dangerous to humans.
Wolves are deadly killers.
Wolves are digitigrades, so when they walk only their toes touch the ground.
Wolves are distant relatives of dogs.
Wolves are distinguishable from coyotes due to their size.
Wolves are equally at home on prairies, in forestlands, and on all but the highest mountains.
Wolves are evil.
Wolves are excited.
Wolves are extremely intellegent animals, with strong family ties and respect for family members.
Wolves are extremely shy by nature and run from strangers.
Wolves are extremely social animals.
Wolves are fascinating creatures.
Wolves are fiercely monogamous and highly exclusive.
Wolves are fiercly loyal to their mates and they choose their mates for life.
Wolves are found all over the world, and on almost every major continent of the earth.
Wolves are found in Europe, Asia and North America.
Wolves are found in North America, Europe, Asia and North Africa.
Wolves are free.
Wolves are generally more intelligent and more aware of their environment as compared to dogs.
Wolves are good diggers.
Wolves are good hunters.
Wolves are good or bad.
Wolves are great hunters and prey on large animals such as deer and moose.
Wolves are great, they have it all Passion, fire, sparks that smolder when they fall.
Wolves are greatly misunderstood by a society which has been misled by myths and superstition.
Wolves are greatly misunderstood.
Wolves are hard to find in the wild because they are shy and elusive.
Wolves are here to stay in Idaho.
Wolves are here to stay.
Wolves are here.
Wolves are highly intelligent and social animals that form extremely organized packs.
Wolves are highly intelligent and travel large distances in the wild.
Wolves are highly intelligent.
Wolves are highly social and mate for life.
Wolves are highly social animals and usually live in packs.
Wolves are highly social animals that live in family units called packs.
Wolves are highly social animals that live in packs.
Wolves are highly social by nature.
Wolves are highly social, living in packs and hunting and raising young cooperatively.
Wolves are highly socialized creatures.
Wolves are home.
Wolves are hunters.
Wolves are important consumers in the ecosystem.
Wolves are important in our culture, many people believe they symbolize the spirit of wilderness.
Wolves are impressive diggers.
Wolves are in Jackson Hole.
Wolves are in packs.
Wolves are in the dog family.
Wolves are in the same family as pet dogs.
Wolves are interesting, sheep are boring.
Wolves are just a bit shorter then people are.
Wolves are known for their keen sense of smell, excellent hearing, and binocular vision.
Wolves are known to attack and kill domestic animals as well as animals they find in the wild.
Wolves are known to kill large animals like wild horses.
Wolves are large canines that live in a pack with a strong and complex social structure.
Wolves are large dog-like animals whose head and body length, combined, is about four feet.
Wolves are larger in the northwestern United States, Canada, and Alaska.
Wolves are larger than coyotes and carry their tail in a horizontal position while running.
Wolves are larger than dogs.
Wolves are legendary because of their spine-tingling howl, which they use to communicate.
Wolves are legends, they're big and strong.
Wolves are light and quick enough to be able to run on top of layers of ice and snow.
Wolves are loyal.
Wolves are mainly nocturnal hunters.
Wolves are mean.
Wolves are members of the carnivore family, known as canis lupus.
Wolves are money-making machines.
Wolves are more active at night, but can be seen during the day also.
Wolves are more dangerous than dogs and hogs.
Wolves are more scarce in some coastal areas for several reasons.
Wolves are naturally free and house cats are on a leash.
Wolves are no different then any other wild animal.
Wolves are nocturnal creatures and usually very wary of contact with humans.
Wolves are numerous in most areas of Alaska.
Wolves are Numerous.
Wolves are on the federal and state endangered species list.
Wolves are one of our most popular subjects.
Wolves are one of the most beautiful creatures alive.
Wolves are one of the most contraversial issues in the state.
Wolves are one of the most misunderstood animals in the animal world.
Wolves are one of the most misunderstood animals in the forest.
Wolves are one of the top predators of bison, as well as grizzly bears.
Wolves are only as trainable as they choose to be.
Wolves are opportunistic, and they feed on healthy animals including young ones when they can.
Wolves are our brothers.
Wolves are our teachers.
Wolves are out there.
Wolves are pack animals but only the dominant, or alpha, male and female breed.
Wolves are pack animals, they have very strong instincts to cooperate with each other.
Wolves are pack animals.
Wolves are pack hunters although they can and do hunt individually.
Wolves are part of the ecosystem , part of the biodiversity.
Wolves are plentiful as well and can be taken on all our hunts, or as a hunt unto themselves.
Wolves are powerful, wonder, and majestic, but they are tortured.
Wolves are predators and as such they fill an important echological niche.
Wolves are predators humans learn about from childhood.
Wolves are predators of deer.
Wolves are predators.
Wolves are pretty adaptable.
Wolves are pretty cool.
Wolves are prevalent in the area, but they are very elusive.
Wolves are primarily nocturnal animals that avoid the heat of day.
Wolves are probably the most misunderstood of all wild animals.
Wolves are probably the most misunderstood of the wild animals.
Wolves are probably the most misunderstood of wild animals.
Wolves are prolific .
Wolves are ready to mate at about two years of age.
Wolves are really cool animals.
Wolves are reclusive by nature and avoid contact with humans.
Wolves are relational by nature, inquiring, possessed of great endurance and strength.
Wolves are shy animals that naturally prefer wild prey and stay away from human areas.
Wolves are shy, beautiful and very graceful animals.
Wolves are shy, intelligent animals with complex social structures.
Wolves are shy, submissive animals.
Wolves are sly, cunning and mean.
Wolves are sly.
Wolves are smart animals and have good instincts.
Wolves are smart, adaptable predators with a remarkable social structure.
Wolves are smart.
Wolves are social and live in packs.
Wolves are social and scent-oriented, too.
Wolves are social animals living in packs.
Wolves are social animals of the first order.
Wolves are social animals that depend on each other for food and protection.
Wolves are social animals that hunt, travel, and live in packs.
Wolves are social animals that live in packs with highly organized, complex social systems.
Wolves are social animals, living together in family groups called packs.
Wolves are social animals.
Wolves are social beings that live in close-knit packs.
Wolves are social by nature and demand a great amount of attention and interaction from their pack.
Wolves are social creatures.
Wolves are social, too.
Wolves are social.
Wolves are still common here and a constant problem for the shepherds.
Wolves are strong and fast and good fighters.
Wolves are such beautiful and majestic animals.
Wolves are such fascinating animals.
Wolves are surprisingly warm and affectionate.
Wolves are survivors.
Wolves are susceptible to diseases, predation, human persecution, starvation, and accidents.
Wolves are tenacious, adaptable.
Wolves are territorial and a pack can easily dispatch a dog that appears to be intruding.
Wolves are territorial and prolific breeders.
Wolves are territorial.
Wolves are the ancestors of all domestic dogs.
Wolves are the epitome of the wild spirit.
Wolves are the horses of trolls and witches.
Wolves are the largest living wild canids.
Wolves are the largest member of the canid family.
Wolves are the largest members of the canid family.
Wolves are the largest members of the dog family.
Wolves are the lions of the northern hemisphere.
Wolves are the most common predator at calving time.
Wolves are the most misunderstood of the wild animals.
Wolves are the most social among the North American members of the dog family.
Wolves are the mysterious animals of the north.
Wolves are the opportunistic hunters in that they grab every opportunity to kill their preys.
Wolves are the superior of the dog family.
Wolves are the topic of continual coffee shop and barroom banter.
Wolves are the untamed essence they still retain, but free in a pure form.
Wolves are their natural predators.
Wolves are throughout the area but are much more reclusive and seeing one is rare.
Wolves are timid around humans, though, avoiding camps and most portages.
Wolves are top predators.
Wolves are truly free spirits even though their packs are highly organized.
Wolves are unpredictable.
Wolves are usually mates for life.
Wolves are usually shy of strangers.
Wolves are versatile, and can adapt to hot or cold.
Wolves are very beautiful and caring animals that are much more like humans than people think.
Wolves are very clever as a pack.
Wolves are very clever.
Wolves are very closely related to dogs, anatomically different in subtle shapes of their skulls.
Wolves are very fast animals the can run forty miles without rest.
Wolves are very healthy rugged animals.
Wolves are very helpful.
Wolves are very intelligent creatures.
Wolves are very interesting because they make an interesting sound called a howl.
Wolves are very selfish when it comes to their territory.
Wolves are very shy and easily disturbed by people.
Wolves are very smart.
Wolves are very socail creatures, and very good parents.
Wolves are very sociable and caring for other members of the pack.
Wolves are very social and have a very complex pack structure.
Wolves are very social animals and form strong bonds between other members of the pack.
Wolves are very social animals.
Wolves are very territorial and the mark out their territories by chemical signals.
Wolves are very territorial animals.
Wolves are very well-equipped for the hunt.
Wolves are voracious eaters.
Wolves are well-known for hunting large animals.
Wolves are wild animals and they have big teeth.
Wolves are wild animals, meant to live out their lives in freedom.
Wolves are wise, fearless and strong.
Wolves are wolves and people are people.
Wolves are wolves when they live free.
Wolves are wonderful creatures.
Wolves are, by nature, very shy creatures, avoiding all contact with humans if possible.
Wolves are, too.
Wolves attack animals.
Wolves attack domestic animals only when they run out of food in the wild.
Wolves attack large prey.
Wolves attack prey.
Wolves attack sheep and cattle sometimes but attack on the people is very, very rare.
Wolves attain sexual maturity at about two years old.
Wolves avoid healthy adult moose unless the animal is hopelessly bogged down in deep snow.
Wolves band together in family groups to assure survival.
Wolves becoming accustomed to humans appears a major factor in attacks in recent years.
Wolves begin moving into prairie section of enclosure.
Wolves being across an brake also lie chico the man.
Wolves belong in the Southern Rockies.
Wolves belong to the animal Kingdom.
Wolves blend in well with their surroundings so look carefully.
Wolves born in captivity are our victims .
Wolves bring food to each other.
Wolves bring food.
Wolves call to one another.
Wolves can also eat most anything the catch, from a moose to a mouse.
Wolves can appreciate excessive body hair.
Wolves can be actors too.
Wolves can be an important predator of adult caribou in the winter.
Wolves can be as gentle as they are fierce, especially when there are pups around the den.
Wolves can be found in many colors, it all depends on the environment they live in.
Wolves can be grey, brown, black or even white.
Wolves can be more sensitive to some medications, especially anesthesia.
Wolves can be unpredictable.
Wolves can be very different from each other.
Wolves can be white, gray, black, brown, red, and yellow.
Wolves can breed only once a year, while domestic dogs can breed twice.
Wolves can breed prolifically, but normally only the alpha female and alpha male of a pack mate.
Wolves can change into different colors like black, brown, pure white and more.
Wolves can come in different colors.
Wolves can crush large bones in a few bites.
Wolves can die because when they hunt, they can get injured by the prey.
Wolves can dig with their paws.
Wolves can even have positive economic importance for communities close to wolf populations.
Wolves can find paths to their targets if attacking, even in craters.
Wolves can form social bonds when they first meet, even if they are members of the same sex.
Wolves can go at a steady trot for eight hours.
Wolves can go for three to four days between meals.
Wolves can go three weeks without feeding.
Wolves can hear a howl as far as six miles away in the forest and ten miles away on the open tundra.
Wolves can hear as far as six miles away in the forest and ten miles in the open.
Wolves can hear much higher frequencies than humans.
Wolves can hunt bigger animals like moose because they hunt in packs.
Wolves can learn to live with humans on human terms.
Wolves can live almost anywhere.
Wolves can live for two weeks without food.
Wolves can live in forests, grasslands, mountains, swamps, and in the tundra.
Wolves can live in many different habitats, ranging from arctic tundra to forest and prairie.
Wolves can make themselves vomit at the first sign of nausea or irritation.
Wolves can mate by the time they're two years of age.
Wolves can run very fast and far .
Wolves can run very fast and far.
Wolves can show extreme tenderness toward one another.
Wolves can smell their prey up to a mile away.
Wolves can tell by scent whether female wolves are ready to mate.
Wolves can travel five miles in an hour.
Wolves can travel many miles a day in their pack territories.
Wolves can trip and hurt themselves.
Wolves catch animals.
Wolves catch prey.
Wolves catch rabbits.
Wolves catch sheep.
Wolves cause considerable damage to cattle and bring upon themselves a lot of adverse passion.
Wolves chase caribou.
Wolves chase chickens.
Wolves chase deer.
Wolves chase elk.
Wolves chase prey.
Wolves chase rabbits.
Wolves chase sheep.
Wolves clearly select the more vulnerable individuals among the elk population.
Wolves close up of misunderstood creatures.
Wolves come in many colors ranging from white to black.
Wolves come in many different colors and sizes.
Wolves come in many shapes, many colors, many sizes.
Wolves come up trumps in arm-wrestle .
Wolves commonly prey on calves.
Wolves communicate and mark their territories by scent.
Wolves communicate in three ways.
Wolves communicate other things with their bodies, too.
Wolves communicate via many media.
Wolves communicate with each other in a great variety of ways.
Wolves communicate with each other using the different pitches of their howl.
Wolves compete for prey.
Wolves consume prey.
Wolves continue to live together much as human families do.
Wolves control prey populations by hunting the weak, old, and immature.
Wolves cooperate to hunt the moose.
Wolves cooperate when they hunt.
Wolves cover much of mountain Turkey, although are extremely secretive.
Wolves defend territory.
Wolves defend their home range from intruders by scent-marking , body language and howling.
Wolves define their territory by smell.
Wolves depend on each other for survival, taking advantage of cooperatively hunting.
Wolves depend on ground squirrels for their food.
Wolves determine the direction a sound is coming from by turning their ears from side to side.
Wolves develop a strong bond to their owners, but require a lot of attention and exercise.
Wolves develop an intense love for their human family.
Wolves dig dens in the tundra or where ever they live.
Wolves Discover the world of wolves by plane, on foot, and through time.
Wolves dislike long preaching because thats food for sheep.
Wolves disperse from packs for many reasons.
Wolves disperse from their family pack before they turn three years old and some roam far away.
Wolves display a keen intelligence and an ability to learn through observation.
Wolves display coats of many colors.
Wolves do good things and they do bad things.
Wolves do kill trespassing wolves in their territory.
Wolves do seem to be making inroads into the beaver population, however.
Wolves do utilize several vocalizations for the purpose of communication.
Wolves do well where prey, primarily deer and elk, are abundant.
Wolves drive deer and elk herds in much the same way a cowboy moves stock to new pasture.
Wolves drop two in Fort.
Wolves eat a variety of food items depending on what is available in the specific geographic area.
Wolves eat almost all flesh,bones,and other animals.
Wolves eat animals.
Wolves eat bison.
Wolves eat cattle.
Wolves eat critters.
Wolves eat deer.
Wolves eat different animals.
Wolves eat elk.
Wolves eat fish.
Wolves eat fruit vegetable meat.
Wolves eat hares.
Wolves eat humans.
Wolves eat large prey.
Wolves eat mammals.
Wolves eat many different animals.
Wolves eat many of the same small animals that coyotes do.
Wolves eat many things like deer, mice, grouse, and beaver.
Wolves eat meat almost exclusively and feed on anything from mice to moose to musk oxen.
Wolves eat meat.
Wolves eat mostly mammals such as moose, elk, deer, beaver and marmot.
Wolves eat muskrats and deer.
Wolves eat other animals.
Wolves eat prey.
Wolves eat quite a lot of plant material.
Wolves eat rabbits.
Wolves eat sheep - that's what they do.
Wolves eat sheep.
Wolves eat sheep.
Wolves eat small animals such as mice and squirrels and large animals such as deer and moose.
Wolves eat small mammals.
Wolves eat very quickly, probly to keep it from getting stolen.
Wolves enjoy heavy petting in public.
Wolves establish positions.
Wolves establish territory, marry, and raise well their few healthy pups.
Wolves even eat some insects, small mammals, nuts, and berries.
Wolves evoke images of mystery and strength.
Wolves excavate dens to give birth and raise a litter in.
Wolves exhibit social, hierarchial, competitive, and territorial tendencies.
Wolves fatten themselves and cause great devastation among the domestic livestock.
Wolves feed mostly on large mammals such as deer and elk.
Wolves feed on elk.
Wolves feed on flesh, bones and other animal matter from the carcass.
Wolves feed on large animals such as moose, deer, elk, caribou, bison, and musk oxen.
Wolves feed on rodents.
Wolves find food.
Wolves find it difficult to stand apart of any work they have done.
Wolves find their mates by leaving their original pack, and searching across the searching for one.
Wolves follow caribou migrations, feeding on sick and young animals.
Wolves follow caribou.
Wolves follow deer.
Wolves follow invisible scent trails laid down by zookeepers, to stimulate their sense of smell.
Wolves follow rabbits.
Wolves follow, look in den.
Wolves form close family bonds and often take their Mates for life.
Wolves form packs that consist of a dominant male and female pair and their offspring.
Wolves generally have small territories in the forests of Minnesota or Ontario.
Wolves generally hold their tail straight out from the body or down.
Wolves generally kill the weak, the old, and the young.
Wolves generally mate for life, but in the species that run in packs only the dominate pair mate.
Wolves generally pair for life.
Wolves get food.
Wolves give birth every spring.
Wolves give birth to pups.
Wolves grow a winter coat and molt in the spring.
Wolves has-part jaws.
Wolves has-part teeth.
Wolves have (part) brains.
Wolves have (part) breasts.
Wolves have (part) cell membranes.
Wolves have (part) cells.
Wolves have (part) chest cavities.
Wolves have (part) chests.
Wolves have (part) corpi.
Wolves have (part) cytoplasm.
Wolves have (part) ears.
Wolves have (part) faces.
Wolves have (part) heads.
Wolves have (part) nuclei.
Wolves have (part) pads.
Wolves have (part) paws.
Wolves have (part) piluses.
Wolves have (part) plasma membranes.
Wolves have (part) rib cages.
Wolves have (part) sections.
Wolves have (part) skulls.
Wolves have (part) sterna.
Wolves have (part) vacuoles.
Wolves have a complex communication system comprised of body language and vocalizations.
Wolves have a complex form of communication.
Wolves have a complex vocal communication system.
Wolves have a complicated body language .
Wolves have a complicated body language.
Wolves have a dominance order that they follow.
Wolves have a double layer of fur.
Wolves have a good memory and remember bad treatment from humans.
Wolves have a good sense of smell.
Wolves have a great capacity for long journeys.
Wolves have a high prey drive.
Wolves have a high reproductive potential.
Wolves have a high reproductive rate.
Wolves have a language, rules, rituals and rites of passage.
Wolves have a linear rank order, or hierarchy, which helps keep peace within the pack.
Wolves have a narrower chest than the dog.
Wolves have a nine-week gestation period.
Wolves have a strong social nature.
Wolves have a very good appetite.
Wolves have a very good sense of smell, which they also use to communicate.
Wolves have a very social society, and they respect certain spaces are sacred.
Wolves have a very varied and complex communication system.
Wolves have a wild nature.
Wolves have an affinity for the taste of elk, and fewer wolves meant more elk.
Wolves have an elaborate pack structure, while bears are basically solitary.
Wolves have an excellent sense of smell.
Wolves have an extreme sense of loyalty to their pack.
Wolves have an incredible sense of smell.
Wolves have an incredible strength and endurance.
Wolves have bigger brains than dogs, larger and sharper teeth, and are much stronger.
Wolves have but one mortal enemy - humans.
Wolves have chances.
Wolves have coats.
Wolves have diets.
Wolves have ears.
Wolves have excellent peripheral vision and their eyes are optimized to detect motion.
Wolves have extremely good night vision, even when they are only three months old.
Wolves have extremely good senses.
Wolves have extremely keen senses.
Wolves have five to six pups in a litter.
Wolves have five toes on each of their front feet and four toes on each of their back.
Wolves have foreheads.
Wolves have fur made up of two layers .
Wolves have fur made up of two layers.
Wolves have good hearing and a well developed sense of smell.
Wolves have gray foreheads.
Wolves have great stamina and strength.
Wolves have grey coats.
Wolves have hair and dogs have hair.
Wolves have heavy coats.
Wolves have highly developed senses.
Wolves have jaws.
Wolves have keener senses, in general, than humans.
Wolves have large paws.
Wolves have legs.
Wolves have litters according to their environment.
Wolves have long legs and they stand on their toes, adapted for speed and running.
Wolves have long legs with large paws.
Wolves have long legs, large feet, and narrow chests.
Wolves have long, slender legs and narrow chests.
Wolves have longer muzzles and legs, larger feet and a broader skull.
Wolves have lots of thick fur to survive harsh winters and all of the snow storms.
Wolves have marvelous stamina and endurance and can travel for hours without apparent fatigue.
Wolves have mates.
Wolves have momentum and tradition on their side in the opener.
Wolves have more color then any other animal.
Wolves have no natural enemies except man.
Wolves have no natural enemies except people.
Wolves have no natural predators except people.
Wolves have no natural predators, except humans.
Wolves have no use for flowers, jewelry or cards.
Wolves have no use for pride and vanity.
Wolves have offspring.
Wolves have only one breeding season in late winter.
Wolves have paws.
Wolves have physically larger brains.
Wolves have several different methods of hunting, depending on the size of the prey.
Wolves have sharp eyesight.
Wolves have sharp teeth, at the corner of their mouth.
Wolves have strong family ties, a complex social organization, and a cooperative nature.
Wolves have strong jaws.
Wolves have supernatural powers.
Wolves have teeth.
Wolves have the ability to see well in the dark.
Wolves have the advantage on soft tundra and in some snow conditions.
Wolves have the instinct to hunt but learn to hunt in groups.
Wolves have their own agenda - and are extremely intelligent.
Wolves have three eyelids.
Wolves have to hunt to survive.
Wolves have to work very hard while hunting.
Wolves have toes.
Wolves have two different types of fur.
Wolves have two separate pelts, one made for winter and the other for summer.
Wolves have vary diets.
Wolves have very keen senses.
Wolves have very strong jaws.
Wolves Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Wolves help to keep prey populations healthy by hunting the weak, old, and sick animals.
Wolves Help wolves return to the Southern Rockies.
Wolves hold their tail straight out at back level.
Wolves hunt animals.
Wolves hunt arabian oryxes.
Wolves hunt caribou.
Wolves hunt cattle.
Wolves hunt elk.
Wolves hunt goats.
Wolves hunt herbivores.
Wolves hunt in packs.
Wolves hunt mammals.
Wolves hunt oryxes.
Wolves hunt out the weak, the sick, the old, and the injured.
Wolves hunt prey.
Wolves hunt rabbits.
Wolves hunt sheep.
Wolves hunt the same way our people hunted.
Wolves hunt the weak, old, and sick animals.
Wolves hunt together.
Wolves hurt ranchers in the billfold by taking sheep and cows.
Wolves inevitably prefer wild game to livestock.
Wolves inhabit districts.
Wolves is great.
Wolves is the first on the women's soccer pitch.
Wolves keep deer herds healthy by culling sick and weak animals, the old and the young.
Wolves keep the game herds healthy by killing and eating the sick animals.
Wolves keep the population of old and sick animals in check.
Wolves kill a lot of coyotes, primarily loner adults but also incautious pack members.
Wolves kill and eat deer.just a men do.
Wolves kill and eat other animals for food.
Wolves kill animals.
Wolves kill because they have to eat meat.
Wolves kill bison.
Wolves kill coyotes.
Wolves kill deer.
Wolves kill elk.
Wolves kill foxes.
Wolves kill lambs.
Wolves kill livestock and pets.
Wolves kill livestock.
Wolves kill livestock.
Wolves kill mammals.
Wolves kill men.
Wolves kill moose throughout the year.
Wolves kill more prey when reintroduced into an ecosystem after several generations of absence.
Wolves kill mostly calf moose.
Wolves kill only to eat - to survive.
Wolves kill plant eaters like rabbits and eat their intestinal contents which contain carbohydrates.
Wolves kill prey.
Wolves kill rabbits.
Wolves kill sheep.
Wolves kill sheep.
Wolves know more than people and are psychic.
Wolves know that it's time to take their game to a level and use a different approach.
Wolves laugh at the cold.
Wolves leap into mist.
Wolves learn who humans are and how dangerous they are in very early age.
Wolves learn, communicate, and amuse themselves in ways that mimic the tendencies of humans.
Wolves leave original packs.
Wolves leave packs.
Wolves lend without all tea both smile inline-skating.
Wolves lie Temperature beneath either doctor during an pupil.
Wolves like to go hunting and fishing.
Wolves like to howl as a pack for several reasons.
Wolves like to sing just like humans like to sing.
Wolves like to travel in packs, and usually team up against other animals such as deer for prey.
Wolves listen without interrupting.
Wolves live and hunt in packs of around six to ten animals.
Wolves live from the northern tundra down to the southern most tip of South America.
Wolves live in a communal structure like humans.
Wolves live in a family unit called a pack.
Wolves live in a family unit.
Wolves live in a pack.
Wolves live in a specific area called a territory.
Wolves live in all kinds of terrain, from desert to tundra.
Wolves live in climates.
Wolves live in couples and the whole pack cooperates under a single leader in the hunt.
Wolves live in dens with their babies after they are born.
Wolves live in diverse and changing environments.
Wolves live in families called packs and they mate for life.
Wolves live in family groups called packs .
Wolves live in family groups called packs.
Wolves live in forests.
Wolves live in groups called packs.
Wolves live in habitats.
Wolves live in many diverse and changing environments.
Wolves live in open country and in forests.
Wolves live in packs .
Wolves live in packs and ought really to be kept in packs in captivity.
Wolves live in packs as a way of life.
Wolves live in packs of up to forty-two, but can survive even as lone individuals.
Wolves live in packs or families.
Wolves live in packs, though males are sometimes solitary.
Wolves live in packs.
Wolves live in regions.
Wolves live in remote forests.
Wolves live in small groups that are called packs.
Wolves live in temperature.
Wolves live in the great woodlands of North America.
Wolves live on food.
Wolves live on tundra.
Wolves live throughout interior and northern Alaska.
Wolves look like a German Shepherd, but they have short ears and a very powerful jaw.
Wolves lope through the midnight, sensing the feast to come.
Wolves lose some insulating fat and shed much of their fur in the summer, and weigh less then.
Wolves lose their habitat because of cutting down trees, pollution, and garbage.
Wolves love games of chase where they race each other.
Wolves love puppies.
Wolves love the increased access as much as people.
Wolves love to howl.
Wolves maintain diversity.
Wolves maintain genetic diversity.
Wolves maintain their position through ritualized postures.
Wolves make a noise called a howl .
Wolves make a noise called a howl.
Wolves make considerable use of dens when raising their young.
Wolves make easy running rhythms.
Wolves make the dens by digging with their paws.
Wolves make their home in some of the world's most spectacular and unexplored habitat.
Wolves manage awhile, Resting their heads on drowned and floating sheep.
Wolves mark the borders of their territories with RLUs.
Wolves mark the outside border of their territories twice as much as inside the territory.
Wolves mark their regularly used routes by leaving scats every two to three hundred yards.
Wolves mark their territories by urinating on rocks and trees.
Wolves mark their territory by leaving their scent on landmarks like logs and rocks.
Wolves mark their territory just like dogs.
