Tax collection is a complex process given the number of applicable federal and state statutes.
Tax collection is cooperative.
Tax collection is irregular and often corrupt.
Tax collection is the most important issue for Pakistan's survival.
Tax collection is too high.
Tax collections are collections.
Tax collections are lower under the combination tax because economic growth is stronger.
Tax collections are the district's main source of revenue.
Tax collections are up all across the country except Tibet.
A tax collector is an official
Tax collectors are bureaucrats.
Tax collectors are only interested in more money, more power and more ways to spend money.
Tax collectors are wholly beyond the power of the court.
Tax collectors can tap IRAs and pensions to get unpaid taxes.
Tax collectors carry Kalashnikovs, and Moscow dances to the tune of dodgy deals.
Tax collectors come to see the show and are drawn in.
Tax collectors desire money.
Tax collectors expect to make a profit, as they are in the business of tax collection.
Tax collectors go the other direction in order to maximize their revenue.
Some tax collectors develop principles.
Tax competition can be a means of exerting pressure on public expenditure.
Tax competition can have positive effects.
Tax competition forces governments to cater to the needs of taxpayers in the global economy.
Tax competition is a liberalizing force in the world economy.
Tax competition is one of the few areas in which small size confers an economic advantage.
Tax competition is rife among European countries seeking to lure investors.
Tax competition is the bane of governments worldwide seeking higher levels of tax receipts.
Tax competition results in a wide diversity in local sales taxes.
Tax compliance adds nothing to output and diverts resources away from productive activities that do.
Tax compliance is an essential part of business management.
Tax compliance is number one.
Tax court allows back pay exclusion.
Tax court allows exclusion of payments received for community property interest in pension.
Tax court excludes back pay received for age discrimination.
Tax credit is a reduction
Tax credit is based on estimated annual energy produced.
Tax credit is decrease.
Tax credit is made permanent.
Tax credits allow states to determine who can use the school modernization bonds in their states.
Tax credits allow the bearer to avoid or pay lower taxes by virtue of a special designation.
Tax credits are a market approach to helping solve the problem of climate change.
Tax credits are also available to food donors.
Tax credits are also available.
Tax credits are an excellent method of leveraging outcomes.
Tax credits are another approach worthy of consideration.
Tax credits are available but limited to the relevant income.
Tax credits are available for solid waste recycling projects.
Tax credits are available for the same expenses as deductions, excluding tuition.
Tax credits are available to businesses paying Florida Corporate Income or Sales and Use Taxes.
Tax credits are available to offset the costs of removing architectural and communication barriers.
Tax credits are essential to the owners' deals.
Tax credits are gold.
Tax credits are like turbocharged tax deductions, only better.
Tax credits are one of many public policy options available to government.
Tax credits are one sure way to increase investment in spaceplane ventures.
Tax credits are one vehicle for achieving tis goal.
Tax credits are public dollars the government has relinquished.
Tax credits are quite significant in terms of stimulating rehabilitation in historic areas.
Tax credits are similar to wild cards in a board game.
Tax credits are the future.
Tax credits benefit all tax brackets equally.
Tax credits benefit only tax-paying entities, and are limited to the owners of the property .
Tax credits can also potentially reduce tax liability to zero even if taxable income is positive.
Tax credits can be either refundable or nonrefundable.
Tax credits can be refundable or non-refundable.
Tax credits can help families with the costs of child care.
Tax credits can help offset accommodation costs.
Tax credits can provide some welcome relief.
Tax credits come in two varieties, refundable and nonrefundable.
Tax credits have additional political, legal and administrative advantages.
Tax credits help cover the cost of equipment and employees' city earnings taxes.
Tax Credits Learn about tax credits.
Tax credits reduce taxes on a 'dollar for dollar' basis.
Tax credits represent only one of the policy options available to government.
Many tax credits are also available to both individuals and corporations.
A tax cut is a cut
Tax cut is just a decoy.
Tax cut sits well with most South Shore voters.
Tax cuts allow consumers to increase their spending, which boosts aggregate demand.
Tax cuts are a defining Republican issue.
Tax cuts are a given, tax reform is the new mantra.
Tax cuts are a good thing.
Tax cuts are a mistake.
Tax cuts are a politically popular but dangerous use of surplus funds.
Tax cuts are a signature issue for the Republican party.
Tax cuts are about as economic as it gets.
Tax cuts are absolutely essential.
Tax cuts are also an important tool for limiting the growth of government.
Tax cuts are also good for growth.
Tax cuts are also necessary.
Tax cuts are always a nice little touch around election time, and they go over big with most voters.
Tax cuts are always a popular option.
Tax cuts are an investment in working families.
Tax cuts are available to sweeten the pie.
Tax cuts are bad.
Tax cuts are both an economic and a social benefit to the young.
Tax cuts are cuts.
Tax cuts are for taxpayers.
Tax cuts are forever.
Tax cuts are generally good for business.
Tax cuts are good for the economy, and good for our fiscal health.
Tax cuts are good for the people and for the economy.
Tax cuts are good, debt reduction is great.
Tax cuts are government expenditures that go to a select group often without strings attached.
Tax cuts are important to economic growth.
Tax cuts are more popular that teachers' payraises.
Tax cuts are most popular when people feel economic pressure.
Tax cuts are much harder to sell during good times.
Tax cuts are necessary even if deficits result.
Tax cuts are never too expensive.
Tax cuts are no longer an option, they are a requirement.
Tax cuts are on the way.
Tax cuts are only controversial where rich liberals dwell.
Tax cuts are risky.
Tax cuts are temporary.
Tax cuts are the best way government can help families cover the costs of raising children.
Tax cuts are the big discussion right now.
Tax cuts are the big news of the budget.
Tax cuts are the clincher.
Tax cuts are the designer label of lazy politicians.
Tax cuts are the flavor of the month.
Tax cuts are the surest means to that end.
Tax Cuts are under attack again.
Tax cuts are unnecessary with the booming economy.
Tax cuts are welcome.
Tax cuts are yesterday's red meat.
Tax cuts burn holes in pockets as households rush out to spend and firms add to the capital stock.
Tax cuts can be either windfalls or they can be targeted to get specific results.
Tax cuts can be stimulative because people tend to go out and spend their refunds.
Tax cuts can wait.
Tax cuts can work differently.
Tax cuts cause growth.
Tax cuts cause school shootings.
Tax cuts create jobs and keep our young people at home.
Tax cuts create jobs.
Tax cuts do a lot of things, all good.
Tax cuts don t give money back to anyone.
Tax cuts don t give money to anyone.
Tax cuts enable people to keep more of their own money.
Tax cuts figure prominently, as do calls for increased spending.
Tax cuts force government to hack back the weeds, to be creative.
Tax cuts fuel greater economic growth, which leads to more jobs and higher wages.
Tax cuts get thumbs up.
Tax cuts give more by giving more freedom and power to the American people.
Tax cuts go only to the top.
Tax cuts have the same double edge.
Tax cuts help boost the economy by leaving more money in the pockets of hard-working people.
Tax cuts help families and strengthen our economy.
Tax cuts hold sway.
Tax cuts imply lower public savings.
Tax cuts increase revenues.
Tax cuts increase tax collections.
Tax cuts leave more money in the pockets of workers, families, and investors.
Tax cuts make the deficit hole deeper.
Tax cuts mean less revenue.
Tax cuts pay for themselves.
Tax cuts phase in and phase out in seemingly random fashion.
Tax cuts promote lofty ideals.
Tax cuts put more in our pockets, and that leads to more spending.
Tax cuts rank low on voters' agenda.
Tax cuts rank way down on their list of priorities.
Tax cuts risk a return to high inflation and high interest rates.
Tax cuts run a distant third.
Tax cuts save the average soul nothing.
Tax cuts sell.
Tax cuts spur economic growth.
Tax cuts stimulate growth and job creation.
Tax cuts stimulate the economy and raise revenues for Washington.
Tax cuts stimulate the economy, create jobs and promote consumer confidence and spending.
Tax cuts unite the Republican base.
Tax cuts work, and Ireland proves it.
Tax cuts work.
Most tax cuts go to the wealthy all the time.
Some tax cuts are more pro-growth than others.
TAX DAY follows their daylong vacation around town, in an ode to the pleasures of leisure.
Tax day is almost here.
Tax day is here.
Tax day is only about a month away.
Tax day means bad things to most people.
Tax deduction is depreciation
Tax deduction is received the year gift is made and an estate tax charitable deduction later.
Tax deduction receipts for donations are available.
Tax deduction See interest tax deduction .
Tax deductions apply but at a lower or deferred rate.
Tax deductions are available to consumers who make large credit-card purchases.
Tax deductions are available.
Tax deductions are possible to the extent allowable by the law.
Tax deductions are still very important to the owners of small closely-held businesses.
Tax deductions come in many shapes and forms, both for personal and business purposes.
Tax deductions make charitable gift annuities more affordable.
Tax deductions provide additional incentives.
Tax deductions provide an added bonus to corporations and first-time collectors who lease.
Tax deductions save different people different amounts of money.
Tax deductions vary by business type, yet benefits remain tax free.
Any tax deduction is limited to the difference between that amount and the price of admission.
Many tax deductions are easier to substantiate for corporations than non-incorporate bodies.
Many tax deductions are easier to substantiate for corporations than non-incorporated bodies.
Tax deferral helps an annuity grow even faster than a taxable product.
Tax deferral is a powerful reason to consider an annuity investment.
Tax deferral is a powerful savings tool.
Tax deferral is available for businesses moving into the state.
Tax deferral is int.
Tax deferral makes an impressive growth difference when it comes to cash accumulation.
Tax deferral provides opportunity for individual to be in lower tax bracket at time of distribution.
Tax dodging is nothing new, however.
Tax efficiency is a happy outcome of our investments in sustainable growth companies.
Tax efficiency is central to the campus concept.
Tax efficiency is no longer the sole motivation.
Tax equalization is more prevalent than tax protection.
Tax equalization works both ways.
A tax evasion is commerce
Tax evasion is a crime and, in the USA, is punishable by both fines and imprisonment.
Tax evasion is a crime but tax avoidance is legal.
Tax evasion is a crime.
Tax evasion is a form of theft and can be prosecuted.
Tax evasion is a growing problem.
Tax evasion is a massive industry.
Tax evasion is a national sport.
Tax evasion is a problem in many developing countries.
Tax evasion is a serious crime.
Tax evasion is an activity connected with the informal economy .
Tax evasion is an activity connected with the informal economy.
Tax evasion is both a sin and a crime.
Tax evasion is fairly rare.
Tax evasion is fraud.
Tax evasion is illegal and morally wrong.
Tax evasion is illegal.
Tax evasion is important for many reasons.
Tax evasion is one example.
Tax evasion is one of the most common economic crimes.
Tax evasion is prevalent and domestic revenue collection is poor.
Tax evasion is punishable with prison.
Tax evasion is rampant in Turkey.
Tax evasion is rampant.
Tax evasion is so rampant that it has caused a financial crisis for the central government.
Tax evasion is the failure to pay taxes according to the law.
Tax evasion is the most serious aspect of non-compliance.
Tax evasion is widespread in Madagascar, accompanied by bribery of customs or other tax officials.
Tax evasion prevents any realistic estimate of the turnover of the flourishing shuttle trade.
Tax evasion raises many issues.
Tax evasions are evasions.
Tax evasions are human activities.
Tax exemption depends in whole or in part upon the mood of the tax man.
Tax exemption is a political question up to the legislature.
Tax exemption is employed as an instrument of interventionism in the case of customs duties.
Tax exemption is the exception.
Tax exemptions apply only to property that is used as a primary residence.
Tax exemptions are also available for impaired patients and for carers.
Tax exemptions are also available for students claimed as dependents by their parents or guardians.
Tax exemptions are available in authorised tax-free stores.
Tax exemptions are available on presentation of passport.
Tax exemptions are the antithesis of tax equality.
Tax exemptions are to be narrowly construed.
Tax exemptions vary with specific circumstances.
Tax expenditures are an alternative to direct government spending on policy programs.
Tax expenditures are considerably less accountable than government spending.
Tax expenditures are important because their net effect runs in the hundreds of billions of dollars.
Tax expenditures are provisions in the tax code that reduce or eliminate certain tax liabilities.
Tax expenditures are subsidies provided through the tax system.
Tax expenditures complicate the tax system.
Tax expenditures involve no payment of funds from the government to the private sector.
Tax expense consists of current tax expense and deferred tax expense.
Tax Filing is a natural extension of payroll service.
A tax form is a form
Tax forms are a small one, but much still much appreciated by much of the public.
Tax forms are also available at most post offices.
Tax forms are also available at the three campus libraries.
Tax forms are also available online .
Tax forms are also available.
Tax forms are available at all branches.
Tax Forms are available at no charge or a small copying fee.
Tax forms are available at public libraries, the post office and online.
Tax forms are available at the site.
Tax forms are available for distribution to individuals at the beginning of each new year.
Tax forms are available on both the first and second floors.
Tax forms are available, also.
Tax forms are availalbe throughout the year.
Tax Forms are currently available online.
Tax forms are forms.
Tax forms are located in libraries.
Tax forms are necessary when applying for financial aid.
Tax forms are now available by following the links below.
Tax forms are the top two choices.
Tax forms are too long and too complicated.
Tax forms are usually available at U.S. consulates or embassies.
Tax forms can fit on postcards.
Tax Forms Click here for information about downloading tax forms.
Tax Forms Click on a link below to download a document.
Tax Forms Find federal tax forms at the sites below.
Tax forms print best on laser printers.
Tax Forms Use the menu on the left side to view Tax forms for any of the listed years.
All tax forms are accessible from one page.
All tax forms remain the property of their creators.
Some tax forms are also available on the Internet .
Some tax forms contain distinguishing characteristics necessary for processing.
Tax fraud is a costly drain on everyone's resources.
Tax fraud is considered briefly.
Tax fraud is considered punishable by the criminal courts.
Tax fraud is punishable by execution in China.
Tax fraud is usually the most important way that a government is cheated of money.
A tax haven is a country
Tax havens are countries.
Tax havens exist simply to help the wealthy thrive.
Tax Havens have different categories.
Tax havens offer comparatively confidential, equitable, and simplistic tax systems.
Many tax havens provide sanctuary for the proceeds of crime and corruption.
Tax holiday is in lieu of all other concessions available in the Income Tax Act.
Tax incentives are a common tool used by states to influence business investment decisions.
Tax incentives are a major mechanism for states to encourage business growth.
Tax incentives are already in place for other technologies such as ethanol.
Tax incentives are available for single gifts, deeds of covenant or legacies.
Tax incentives are available to help absorb the costs of accessibility alterations.
Tax incentives are but one tactic in the overall strategy.
Tax incentives are the icing on the cake.
Tax Incentives Are Usually Ineffective.
Tax incentives are, by far, the most abused tool in the government toolbox.
Tax incentives can be substantial over the life of the loan.
Tax incentives can encourage use of higher quality care and education.
Tax incentives can take several other forms, as well.
Tax incentives encourage financial giving through tax benefits to the donor.
Tax incentives exist for setting up new industries and for exporting and earning foreign exchange.
Tax incentives flow freely in the search for new industry.
Tax incentives have limited effectiveness.
Tax Incentives Learn about the tax advantages of producing in South Carolina.
Tax incentives make it cheaper to build on farms and open spaces.
Tax incentives work in the shortrun.
Tax incentives work.
More tax incentives are on way for Texas business.
Most tax incentives are available to anyone who engages in the activity that is incentivized.
Some tax incentives can add much to the economic performance of a biomass project.
Some tax incentives promote the wrong goal.
Tax incidence can take two formseconomic and statutory incidence.
Tax incidence deals with the question of who ultimately pays the tax.
Tax incidence is one of the most important areas to be studied.
Tax Investigations View the latest news releases.
A tax law is a law
Tax law can change dramatically each year.
Tax law can change very fast.
Tax law changes for student loans.
Tax law defines the gross estate and the taxable estate of the decedent.
Tax law has become so complicated and arbitrary, no one can understand it.
Tax law impacts.
Tax law is a funny thing.
Tax law is complicated.
Tax law is divided into both federal tax and state tax.
Tax law is drenched with ambiguity where there is mostly no answer that is right or wrong.
Tax law is law, but accounting is flexible.
Tax law is one of the most complicated subjects in the legal world.
Tax law is pervasive throughout our daily lives.
Tax law is subject to interpretation based on factual situations.
Tax law is very specific.
Tax law is written law.
Tax law needs to follow the commercial facts.
Tax law permits taxpayers to deduct charitable contributions as itemized deductions.
Tax law provides a particular source of uncertainty.
Tax law regarding capital gains is less onerous than it once was.
Tax law requires that a business meal be arranged for the purpose of conducting specific business.
Tax law tends to change over time.
Tax laws allow for the deduction of interest on certain loans.
Tax laws allow the landlord an abandonment loss when a lease terminates.
Tax laws are always years, even decades, behind the real world.
Tax laws are complex and change constantly.
Tax laws are complicated and subject to change.
Tax laws are complicated, and constantly changing.
Tax laws are extremely complex and change constantly.
Tax laws are laws.
Tax laws are more aggressive toward the church.
Tax laws are often complex and difficult to understand.
Tax laws are often complicated, even unfriendly.
Tax laws are only one of the many complexities that small-business owners face.
Tax laws are subject to change at any time.
Tax laws are subject to change.
Tax laws are unfair.
Tax laws can change rapidly and unexpectedly.
Tax laws can greatly vary depending upon the individual's particular circumstances.
Tax Laws can range from simple income tax returns to very complex tax matters.
Tax laws can weaken the economic pressures to convert timber land.
Tax laws change and department require-ments vary.
Tax laws change and each taxpayer s fact situation varies.
Tax laws change and new legitimate deductions appear often.
Tax laws change frequently.
Tax laws change from year to year.
Tax laws change often.
Tax laws change regularly and cause confusion for even the most seasoned CPA at times.
Tax laws change, currency regulations and currencies change and so on.
Tax laws change, too.
Tax laws change.
Tax laws contain clear rules governing their operation.
Tax laws do change quickly.
Tax laws do limit contributions.
Tax laws encourage contributions to higher education including, athletic scholarship funds.
Tax laws give employers lots of latitude to choose their plan s features.
Tax laws govern enrollment and administration of the plans.
Tax laws limit the amount that can be contributed annually.
Tax laws look kindly on employers who offer, and employees who accept, certain fringe benefits.
Tax laws make certain types of gifts more advantageous than others.
Tax laws make it difficult for foundations to grant money to individuals.
Tax laws offer advantages for such gifts.
Tax laws relating to the accelerated benefit are complex.
Tax laws require distribution of the net gains to their shareholders before the end of each year.
Tax laws vary and are changing.
Tax laws vary between true leases and purchase contracts.
Tax laws vary from state to state and change frequently.
Tax laws vary from year to year.
Tax laws vary widely among nations, as do national pension and health care programs.
Tax laws work against employment and have adverse ecological outcomes.
All tax laws grant exemptions and discounts.
Tax lawyers are very popular.
Tax lawyers benefit from learning the accounting side of tax practice.
Tax lawyers handle a variety of tax-related issues for individuals and corporations.
Tax lawyers play an integral role in any corporate transaction.
Tax lawyers stand to lose perhaps more dollars than the government itself .
Tax levies are a tax rate that are applied to a number of units of assessment value.
Tax levies are the requests for money made by each taxing body.
Tax levies are very affordable.
A tax lien is a lien
Tax Liens Explains the auction, assignments and subtaxing.
Tax liens remain on file for seven years from the date paid.
Tax loopholes are like parking meters.
Some tax loopholes become nooses.
Tax officials plan to eliminate all preferences and seek to establish equal conditions for all.
Tax payment is due two and one half months from the close of the tax year.
Tax payment is evidenced by a stamp affixed to each cigarette package.
Tax payment is noted on the instrument of transfer at the time the instrument is recorded.
Tax payment is shown by a stamp affixed to each cigarette package.
Tax payments allow local governments to complete projects they had previously only dreamed about.
Tax payments are due on a quarterly basis.
Tax payments are due on the following dates.
Tax payments are due quarterly.
Tax payments are mostly by people with Roman names and sometimes by heirs of such people.
Tax payments are usually on the late side.
Tax penalties occur when individuals withdraw contributions from a tax deferred plan.
Tax planning adds value to the bottom line.
Tax planning becomes more challenging with every new piece of tax legislation.
Tax planning concerning corporate expenses can mitigate double taxation.
Tax planning includes work for the corporations, partnerships, trusts, estates, and individuals.
Tax planning involves far more than an annual scramble to defer income and boost deductions.
Tax planning is a major national industry running into the billions of dollars.
Tax planning is a poor excuse for selecting individual securites over funds.
Tax planning is a year-round activity.
Tax planning is a year-round process.
Tax planning is addressed integrating personal and corporate taxation issues.
Tax planning is an honourable and legitimate way of saving money.
Tax planning is an important aspect of business and is also important to the individual.
Tax planning is an important part of our service.
Tax planning is an ongoing process, and good tax advice is a very valuable commodity.
Tax planning is at the heart of our tax practice.
Tax planning is critical.
Tax planning is crucial.
Tax planning is difficult, since tax law is unclear.
Tax planning is done by both lawyers and accountants, as is dispute resolution prior to court.
Tax Planning is due.
Tax planning is emphasized.
Tax Planning Is Important Consider income-splitting techniques.
Tax planning is often a major consideration in formulating an estate plan.
Tax planning is only for the rich.
Tax planning is the essence of offshore financial operations.
Tax planning is too complicated.
Tax planning is undertaken to take account of the clients short, medium and long term wishes.
Tax planning related to such occurrences is discussed later.
Tax planning requires knowledge of the law and timely knowledge of the transactions.
Tax policies are another potential source of economic conflict.
Tax policies are business-friendly to a degree matched by few other nations.
Tax policies are more favorable if an enterprise is a new high-tech enterprise.
Tax policies can definitely help.
Tax policies encourage it.
Tax policies give large farmers greater incentives for capital purchases to expand their operations.
Tax policies promote business growth and expansion.
Tax policy becomes a means of steering the market in an environmentally sustainable direction.
Tax policy can also generate funds.
Tax policy has a number of objectives.
Tax policy has an effect upon employment and housing.
Tax policy is a natural election year line in the sand.
Tax policy is a program
Tax policy is a rarefied, obscure realm.
Tax policy is about much more than how much is paid in taxes.
Tax policy is an area where the Indian government has the opportunity to take a leadership role.
Tax policy is an example.
Tax policy is another aspect of that role.
Tax policy is at least as important as social policy in encouraging corporate voluntarism.
Tax policy is constitutionally the responsibility of the legislative branch.
Tax policy is dynamic because taxes affect people's behavior.
Tax policy is high on the Washington policy agenda since the election.
Tax policy is one example.
Tax policy is one way to generate cash flow.
Tax policy is the linchpin of the health care reform debate.
Tax policy is used to change social attitudes and trends.
Tax policy needs to be updated in support of agriculture.
Tax policy plays an important role in determining the competitiveness of any economy.
Tax policy seems to be removing a major incentive for home ownership.
Tax policy stands at the center of our effort to get public policy right for economic growth.
Tax preparation is a retail consumer service and is best suited to a retail shopping environment.
Tax preparation is a unique profession and tax season is a unique period of time.
Tax preparation is different from tax planning.
Tax preparation is less boring with software.
Tax preparation using the computer is also a significant component of the course.
Tax preparation using the micro computer is also a significant component of the course.
Tax professionals can use rules of law to resolve issues arising in practice.
Tax professionals make mistakes on tax forms, too.
Tax professionals praise the changes and say the agency is getting better.
Many tax professionals file returns electronically for their clients.
Many tax professionals refuse to deal with collection cases for a variety of reasons.
Most tax professionals are guilty of incompetence.
Most tax professionals know of more reasons that can be used to escape the penalty.
Some tax professionals have specialties in areas such as real estate or small business.
Some tax professionals have specialties in areas such as small business.
Some tax professionals prepare short cover letters and attach executive-style reports.
Tax protests are even more American than apple pie.
A tax rate is a rate
Tax rate applies to Nassau County only.
Tax rate caps High tax rates can cause substantial enforcement problems for a tax administration.
Tax rate indicates tax rate for calendar year.
Tax rate is based on the average wholesale price and is adjusted quarterly.
Tax rate is based on the tax treaty between Republic of Indonesia and other Contracting State.
Tax rate is subject of controversy.
Tax rate rises with income.
Tax rate times the tax base is the tax revenue or tax yield.
Tax rate used on taxable income of pensioner is the same as the permanent employee's.
Tax rates affect prices for working, saving, and investment.
Tax rates apply to earnings up to a maximum amount .
Tax rates are a primary factor in determining business location.
Tax rates are at all-time highs, yet budget adds taxes.
Tax rates are at an all-time peacetime high.
Tax rates are flexible and depend entirely on the amount appropriated.
Tax rates are for illustrative purposes only.
Tax rates are high when there is relatively little money in the fund and low when the fund is flush.
Tax rates are high.
Tax rates are low, and foreign-owned ventures are granted national treatment.
Tax rates are low, so thousands of foreign companies have established headquarters here.
Tax rates are lower, but the number of taxpayers is higher.
Tax rates are mathematical tables that determine the amount of tax that an individual owes.
Tax rates are much too high.
Tax rates are only one of the problems.
Tax rates are perhaps the most crucial, yet still unresolved, issue pertaining to re-unification.
Tax rates are rates.
Tax rates are reasonable.
Tax rates are representative of the largest tax code in the city.
Tax rates are subject to change without notice.
Tax rates are subject to change.
Tax rates are usually a consideration when people buy a new home.
Tax rates are very low in Singapore compared to many developed countries.
Tax rates can change from year to year.
Tax rates can vary significantly from one area to another.
Tax rates decline markedly.
Tax rates differ between now and retirement.
Tax rates differ depending on type of investment.
Tax rates go back up, the estate tax reappears, and the marriage penalty resumes.
Tax rates remain the same and tax changes are minimal.
Tax rates restrict the economy.
Tax rates vary according to municipality and to the use of the property.
Tax rates vary according to school district residence.
Tax rates vary according to school district.
Tax rates vary among business categories.
Tax rates vary and are determined by the county auditor in each county.
Tax rates vary annually to balance the budget.
Tax rates vary based on filing status.
Tax rates vary by taxing district and is the compilation of all local levies.
Tax rates vary dramatically depending on an investor's tax bracket.
Tax rates vary from one city or county to another.
Tax rates vary from state to state.
Tax rates vary greatly from household to household.
Tax rates vary greatly within the four-county metropolitan area.
Tax rates vary in different locations, even within a state.
Tax rates vary significantly among jurisdictions.
Tax rates vary widely from state to state.
Tax rates vary with each employer's benefit experience.
Tax rates vary.
Tax rebates are available for new construction, upgrades and additions to existing property.
Tax rebates are available in certain states.
Tax rebates help minimize or reduce one's tax liability.
Tax Reform Assess the methodology used to construct static microsimulation models of tax reform.
Tax reform can be an important part of stimulating that growth.
Tax reform delivers immediate and substantial benefits to Australian farmers.
Tax reform is a crucial plank in China's economic reform platform.
Tax reform is a necessary corollary to equitable funding of public education in Pennsylvania.
Tax reform is a political football.
Tax reform is a very good example.
Tax reform is a winner.
Tax reform is absolutely necessary to bring Alabama up.
Tax reform is among the utmost of priorities.
Tax reform is another example.
Tax reform is back on the front burner.
Tax reform is campaign-finance reform.
Tax reform is fundamental to keeping our province competitive.
Tax reform is hard to do.
Tax reform is immensely important for Australia's future.
Tax reform is important.
Tax reform is in the air.
Tax reform is needed by eliminating estate taxes and reform self-employment taxes paid by farmers.
Tax reform is one of several policy tools that can accelerate positive environmental change.
Tax reform is one.
Tax reform is relevant for old and young alike.
Tax reform is seen as an issue of fairness.
Tax reform is that alternative.
Tax reform is the only true answer.
Tax reform is under discussion.
Tax reform is under way.
Tax reform is vital to both domestic and export market success.
Tax reform means little unless taxes are collected consistently and honestly.
Tax Reform Ranking high is the matter of tax policy.
Tax refund is discounted from tax revenues.
Tax refunds are the refunds paid to tax filers who have overpaid their income tax.
Tax refunds have no impact whatsoever on the personal lives of the rich.
Tax refunds see addendum.
Tax relief applies to any donation, whether large or small, regular or one-off.
Tax relief can have a big impact on low-income families because they start from a lower base.
Tax relief continues to be a large part of the Whitman agenda.
Tax relief costs nothing.
Tax relief expands individual freedom.
Tax relief fosters economic growth.
Tax relief is a great achievement for the American people.
Tax relief is about empowering families.
Tax relief is about freedom.
Tax relief is absolutely crucial to maintaining our economic success.
Tax relief is an achievement for families struggling to enter the middle class.
Tax relief is an ethical necessity.
Tax relief is an important bipartisan achievement.
Tax relief is an important principle.
Tax relief is available for expenditures made toward interpreters.
Tax relief is available from the date of commencement of principle photography.
Tax relief is available on amounts up to a maximum amount up to ten thousand Irish pounds.
Tax relief is available to experts or specialists from abroad under certain circumstances.
Tax relief is common but subject to negotiation.
Tax relief is compassionate and it is now on the way.
Tax relief is extremely important for rural communities.
Tax relief is good for our economy precisely because it is good for American families.
Tax relief is good for working men and women. . . .
Tax relief is granted at the company's marginal rate of tax.
Tax relief is granted at the individual's highest rate of tax.
Tax relief is high on our list.
Tax relief is immediate.
Tax relief is necessary for the national economy and individual prosperity to move forward.
Tax relief is now on the way.
Tax relief is of top importance.
Tax relief is on the table now.
Tax relief is on the way and the spring has just arrived.
Tax relief is provided in the form of a deferral of taxes.
Tax relief is right and tax relief is urgent.
Tax relief is right, fair, just, and needed.
Tax relief is ripe, and tax relief is urgent.
Tax relief is simple common sense.
Tax relief is the hot topic.
Tax relief is the right thing to do and the responsible thing to do.
Tax relief is the right thing to do, and the responsible thing to do.
Tax relief is, indeed, a major priority.
Tax relief means real help for both American families and the American economy.
Tax relief needs to be uniform and fair.
Tax relief occurs when government doesn t take money from people in the first place.
Tax relief stimulates the economy.
Some tax relief is available.
Tax resistance is still part of the political landscape.
A tax return is an instrument
Tax returns are actually prepared for many elderly taxpayers.
Tax returns are due three and one-half months after the close of the tax year.
Tax returns are legal documents.
Tax returns are prepared, filed and perhaps audited.
Tax returns are the best way to document family income.
Tax returns are the most complete and in the most consistent form for analysis.
Tax returns are very important documents to review.
Tax returns ca.
Tax Returns Filing tax returns can really become a messy affair.
Tax returns fill our warehouse and overflow onto the loading dock.
Tax returns have been filed, the Peru hostages are free, and spring is in the air.
Tax returns provide a wealth of financial information.
Tax returns start to be sent out again.
Tax revenue continues to show a good performance.
Tax revenue is generally the major source of financing for public services and works.
Tax revenue is government revenue
Tax revenue is marginally higher and benefit spending is lower.
Tax revenue is more stable and sustainable than aid.
Tax revenue is required to provide a pure public good.
Tax revenue is turned over to the County Treasurer for distribution to the taxing districts.
Tax revenue is used to fund essential resource management programs.
Tax revenues are down because of a slowing economy.
Tax revenues are inadequate to cover government spending and domestic and foreign debt obligations.
Tax revenues are up.
Tax revenues are, of course, directly related to economic activity.
Tax revenues climb.
Tax revenues come mainly from import duties.
Tax revenues diminish in direct proportion to the increase in un-taxed electronic sales.
Tax revenues dry up.
Tax revenues flow into Washington like water flowing downhill.
Tax revenues generated by rail-trails greatly exceed their cost of maintenance.
Tax revenues have a positive elasticity with respect to national income.
Tax revenues provide partial wage replacement to unemployed workers looking for new work.
More tax revenue is generated in urban areas.
Tax revolt is such a rare thing here that no one even knows quite how to respond to it.
Tax revolts seem to have put an upper limit on the growth of government.
Tax scam pay now and pay even more later.
Tax scams are as old as the tax code.
Tax scams take several shapes and can be very deceptive.
Most tax scams come with a purported history or an alleged constitutional basis.
Tax season brings a group of students together for the Volunteer Income Tax Assistance program.
Tax season can be a time of anxiety for many people.
Tax season is a busy time of our year.
Tax season is finally over.
Tax Season Is Here Spring is in the air.
Tax season is here.
Tax season is never fun.
Tax season is the one time every year when most people evaluate their financial situation.
Every tax season seems to end up the same.
Tax service begins with tax planning.
Some tax services offer instructional courses to help their employees become registered.
Tax shelter is a reduction
Tax shelter is decrease.
Tax shelters are a dangerous game.
Tax shelters are defined in the Income Tax Act.
Tax shelters are forms of investments that take advantage of certain tax write-offs.
Tax shelters are magnets for investment.
Tax shelters provide one of the following deductions.
Tax shifting is different.
Tax shifting is such an idea.
Tax simplification is really a mathematically independent issue.
Tax software is, for the most part, very intuitive.
Tax software makes pre-tax preparation less stressful.
A tax system is a legal system
Tax system taxes income sourced or deemed to be sourced in South Africa.
Tax systems are legal systems.
Tax systems join forces.
Most tax systems are in a continuing state of evolution and flux.
Tax treaties apply to persons who are residents of one or both of the tax treaty countries.
Tax treaties are the main multilateral instrument to avoid double taxation.
Tax treaties are very important.
Tax treaties are very specific.
Tax treaties can reduce the tax liability on capital gains.
Tax treaties play an important role in the resolution of such problems.
Tax withholding is determined by the performer's residency status.
Tax withholding varies, depending on election.
TAX YEAR Enter the TAX YEAR being reported.
A tax is a levy
Tax Advantaged Leasing Make little or no down payment.
Tax Advantaged Leasing Make little or no downpayment.
Tax applies both to the delivery charge and the charge for the refrigerator.
Tax applies for labor whether performed by the caterer, the caterer's employees, or subcontractors.
Tax applies for orders in the state of California.
Tax applies on the cost or fair market value of property, whichever is greater.
Tax applies only in Arkansas, California, Ohio and Utah.
Tax applies only in California and Nevada.
Tax applies only to receipts from wireline services.
TAX Applies to all sales to New Jersey only.
Tax applies to all wireless services.
Tax applies to California laboratories. .
Tax applies to in state purchases.
Tax applies to receipts from oil and gas field services.
Tax applies to the entire amount charged to the customer.
Tax applies to the purchase of software and service agreements.
Tax applies to the purchase price of such property.
Tax are subject to change without prior notice.
TAX assumes a three percent growth rate.
Tax becomes a lien.
Tax can be pretty academic.
Tax can cost users as much a year as the purchase price of a satellite dish.
Tax can make the difference between a healthy profit and a loss.
Tax can take many forms.
Tax charged is based on the 'ship to' state.
Tax charged on hotel and motel accommodation is eligible for refund.
Tax constitutes a debt.
Tax cuts another example of failed trickle down economics.
Tax cuts Another test of leadership is tax relief.
Tax deferred annuities become inactive.
Tax Deferred Cash values grow tax deferred.
Tax deferred exchanges are difficult to accomplish and very few transactions actually qualify.
Tax depends on the state in which the book is ordered.
Tax Find out where to get forms and how to file.
Tax funded projects exceed ecological and resource limits worse than private projects.
Tax Get retail business sales tax application forms and information.
Tax goes back to the school district in which the business is located.
Tax goes to the county where the sale was made.
Tax has to be collected by the first point seller.
Tax have up little cellar since finish nittany lion posters.
Tax imposed by IDOR violates democratic principle.
Tax includes a family to represent the fact that like death, no one escapes taxation.
Tax includes an income, property, excise, estate, gift or inheritance tax.
Tax is a bad word.
Tax is a big reason for calling it quits.
Tax is a fact of life.
Tax is a highly specialized area requiring a lot of knowledge and research skills.
Tax is a public policy tool.
Tax is a substantial and lucrative practice area for Portuguese lawyers.
Tax is a symptom of a disease in the society.
Tax is a tricky area.
Tax is a vast subject, affecting everyone in one way or another.
Tax is a very political subject.
Tax is about to be forcibly harmonised.
Tax is added for Washington State residents.
Tax is added to all shipments to Texas, California, New York, Colorado and Georgia.
Tax is added to all Texas orders.
Tax is additional and all packages are based on availability.
Tax is additional to all prices quoted.
Tax is additional.
Tax is also more difficult to handle in a multi-service environment.
Tax is always a good election issue because it so clearly defines the parties differing ideologies.
Tax is an arithmetic calculation.
Tax is another area of uncertainty for e-commerce.
Tax is another issue.
Tax is another worry.
Tax is applicable to the maturity figure less all premiums paid since the inception of the policy.
Tax is applied at the same rate per litre as unleaded petrol.
Tax is applied to depreciated purchase price.
Tax is applied to food, beverage, and service charge.
Tax is applied to New York residents only.
Tax is assessed in the year in which the income is earned or realised on a current year basis.
Tax is assessed on consideration or value whichever is greater.
Tax is assessed on net income on a current year basis.
Tax is assessed on Petitioner's purchases of wrapping and packaging supplies.
Tax is automatically determined.
Tax is based on authorized capital stock.
Tax is based on available resources.
Tax is based on the full price of the car, with credit for trade-in.
Tax is based on the quality, age and type of equipment.
Tax is based upon merchandise amount only.
Tax is billed on the retail figure.
Tax is calculated according to the local county sales tax rate that the order is being shipped to.
Tax is calculated automatically for the consumer based on the tax nexus of each company.
Tax is calculated based on current sales tax for New York.
Tax is calculated based on the location to which the order is being shipped.
Tax is calculated by multiplying net income by a flat rate.
Tax is calculated on grand total including merchandise, delivery charges and gift-wrap.
Tax is calculated on the gross receipts of the business.
Tax is calculated on the total amount billed including shipping and handling charges.
Tax is calculated when credit card is processed.
Tax is charged for all services.
Tax is charged on all hard goods picked up or shipped in state.
Tax is charged on both books and shipping.
Tax is charged on Minnesota sales only.
Tax is charged on orders for California.
Tax is charged on purchases as appropriate, which includes campus center fast food purchases.
Tax is charged on stumpage and royalty.
Tax is charged on stumpage rate.
Tax is charged on the item and shipping and handling according to state regulations.
Tax is charged only for shipments to California.
Tax is charged only on food, and no gratuity is assessed.
Tax is collected by telephone companies for local calls and instate long distance calls.
Tax is collected with the individual income tax return.
Tax is complicated and the information presented here has necessarily been simplified.
Tax is complicated.
Tax is computed on the taxable wage amount reported for the entire employee roster.
Tax is deducted at source on interest payments to the clients.
Tax is deducted from the payment.
Tax is deferred on the earnings.
Tax is deferred until the exchange.
Tax is deferred until withdrawal - usually after retirement.
Tax is direct tax.
Tax is dirty.
Tax is distributed to counties and cities based on a population formula.
Tax is doubled for higher proof.
Tax is due and payable immediately upon acquisition or possession by a dealer.
Tax is due on charges for calculating premiums, reserves, rates, refunds, dividends, or benefits.
Tax is due on charges for their disposal.
Tax is due on materials purchased for underground drainage systems.
Tax is due on rental receipts for any period of time leased property is in Wisconsin.
Tax is due on separately stated charges for the liner.
Tax is due on taxable services provided by staff-leasing companies.
Tax is due on the balance of the sales price.
Tax is due on the charge for finished artwork.
Tax is due on the dividend plus any corporate tax credit.
Tax is due on the full sales price.
Tax is due on the net profits reported as having been earned in the city.
Tax is due on the ticket price charged which approximates the fair market value of the food.
Tax is due on the total charge for repairing, remodeling or restoring non-residential realty.
Tax is due on the total charge to install carpet in an existing nonresidential building.
Tax is due on wooden cases and returnable containers.
Tax is due only on the increase in value of the stock over the basis.
Tax is due Request the maximum amount payable that day to avoid penalty and interest.
Tax is essential for viral replication.
Tax is estimated.
Tax is excluded The hooks are made of stainless steel.
Tax is extra .
Tax is extra.
TAX is feasible in the majority of GBM patients.
Tax is good, tax cuts bad.
Tax is high in Spain and is collected at both the local and national levels.
Tax is how government is paid for in most countries.
Tax is imposed by tax return or withholding.
Tax is imposed on income derived from or accrued in Singapore.
Tax is imposed on the date of entry.
Tax is imposed on the imported product incorporated in the article when the article is sold.
Tax is imposed on the lesser of the two amounts.
Tax is imposed on the taxable income.
Tax is included and rates are based on two people per room and four people per cabin.
Tax is included for orders from Indiana.
Tax is included in all packages, however, gratuity is included in some.
Tax is included in all rates.
Tax is included in both prices.
Tax is included in price.
Tax is included in RFQs as a separate line item.
Tax is included in the above rates.
Tax is included in the admission price.
Tax is included in the amount shown.
Tax is included in the price of all of our jewelry.
Tax is included in the price.
Tax is included in the prices, and there are no hidden charges or fees.
Tax is included in the vended price.
Tax is included in their rates.
Tax is included with purchase price.
Tax is included.
Tax is limited to the cost of the project.
Tax is linked to the dollar equivalent of the minimum monthly salary in Turkmenistan.
Tax is necessary to fuel the engine of government.
Tax is often the first that is considered.
Tax is on income.
Tax is on the donor of the property.
Tax is on total bill.
Tax is paid at the retailer's place of business.
Tax is paid by employers only.
Tax is paid by the corporation, AND by the owner.
Tax is paid by the wholesaler at the time of removal from inventory for sale, delivery, or shipment.
Tax is paid in cash or by written order.
Tax is paid on all orders.
Tax is paid on the same basis as a sole trader.
Tax is paid only on the ratable profit percentage applied to each year's payment.
Tax is paid only when amounts are drawn from the trust .
Tax is paid when funds are brought back into the UK, for example if an investment is sold.
Tax is paid when income is received from the plans.
Tax is paid when the vehicle is purchased or titled in North Carolina.
Tax is paid with the return.
Tax is paid.
Tax is payable by a licensed wholesaler at the time of delivery of the goods to the purchaser.
Tax is payable if conducted by a registered body.
Tax is payable in advance before commencement of each show.
Tax is payable in instalments where income was earned in the previous year.
Tax is payable in local currency.
Tax is payable nine months after the end of the financial year, regardless of when that is.
Tax is payable on receipt of income tax assessment.
Tax is payable on the price before rebate, but incentives are deducted before tax is calculated.
Tax is payable within nine months of balance date.
Tax is represented by gold coins, luxuries by cups, and research by beakers.
Tax is required.
Tax is set as a fixed amount per unit of the product concerned.
Tax is subject to change.
Tax is supported for only the state the store is setup for.
Tax is the government instrument to finance itself and to redistribute richness.
Tax is the main source of public financial strength enabling public investments and public goods.
Tax is the money for protection, as mentioned earlier.
Tax is then payable.
Tax is to be collected if applicable.
Tax is very hard to calculate as it is different in virtually each city or county in each state.
Tax is voluntary.
Tax is withheld from resident aliens in the same manner as U.S. citizens.
Tax is, of course, primarily aimed to finance the state.
Tax isa possession.
Tax makes all the difference.
Tax matters Indirect taxes and company tax.
Tax minimizing strategies then become important.
Tax occurs upon transfer of vehicle.
Tax owing to the taxman and money paid to the taxman are liabilities.
Tax Pick a site of interest.
Tax Planning Real estate offers investors tax avantages, unlike other investment.
Tax raising powers require monitoring and stability of income.
Tax related links Tax links Here are some links to tax related sites.
TAX SALE the sale of property after a period of nonpayment of taxes.
Tax sheltered annuities are available to all benefited employees.
Tax sheltering via the custodians domicile in a recognised tax haven.
Tax shetered parking is available to all employees who have a parking deduction.
TAX STOP a clause in a lease that stops a lessor from paying property taxes above a certain amount.
Tax suggest underneath that slope still turn north face bag.
Tax supported systems of educational choice can improve all schools.
Tax Think ahead when planning for retirement.
Tax transcriptionally deregulates a wide variety of viral and cellular genes.
Taxs are bills.
Taxs are debts.
Taxs are levies.
Taxs are money.
All tax associated with the receipt or use of any prizes are the sole responsibility of the winner.
All tax is for the good used for the many.
All tax is included in the price.
All tax is included.
All tax is required to be paid in full by the original due date of the return.
Any tax creates inefficiencies in the economy.
Any tax is the responsibility of the winner.
Every tax is in some measure regulatory.
Every tax is subdivided as per procedure.
Every tax represents a transfer of power and freedom from the people to the government.
More tax means more profit for the share holders.
Most tax is withheld at the source of payment.
Taxa richness is a measure of the number of distinct families of critters in the stream.
Taxa richness is also seasonal .
All taxa go on the endpoints of the cladogram, never at nodes.
All taxa occur at the endpoints of the cladogram.
Many taxa are terrestrial and have a well-developed root system.
Many taxa are triploid.
Many taxa have cosmopolitan distributions.
Most taxa are only identifiable to family or subfamily without intensive library work.
Some taxa are also specialists of fungi, feeding on the spores produced by the fruiting bodies.
Some taxa are better at it than others.
Some taxa are scavengers, while others are known to be predaceous.
Some taxa are strictly sexual and outcrossing.
Some taxa are very complete, while other taxa are listed and that is all.
Some taxa have fleshy covering on the seed called an epimatium.
Some taxa previously known primarily from North Africa are abundant.
Some taxa remain unclear.
A taxability is a liability
Taxability is based on portion of premium paid by non-taxed earnings.
All taxable alimony is considered compensation.
Taxable base is used to determine tax with the tax rate schedule.
Taxable capital is apportioned using a single gross receipts factor.
All taxable costs are to be borne by the party incurring the same.
Taxable estates give charities more than twice the amount given by non-taxable estates.
Taxable fringe is handled through data entry into the payroll system on car leases.
Taxable fuel located below the rack is subject to the floorstock tax and tank fee.
Taxable funds report higher yields than tax-exempt funds.
Taxable gain is the net selling proceeds less the tax basis.
Taxable gifts are the total amount of gifts less certain deductions.
Taxable gross represents the gross amount after all non-taxable deductions are taken.
Taxable income associated with using the cash method of accounting is presented.
Taxable income can be either higher or lower than normal in adverse production years.
Taxable income comprises gross income less the costs of earning, securing and maintaining it.
Taxable income equals gross income less exemptions and deductions.
Taxable income includes interest and dividends.
Taxable income is adjusted gross income less personal exemptions and deductions.
Taxable income is based on the profit shown in the company's annual statement.
Taxable income is calculated based on gross income less non taxable income.
Taxable income is calculated based on the gross income less pension expense and non taxable income.
Taxable income is defined as total income minus savings and investments minus a threshold income.
Taxable income is determined on the basis of 'assessable income' less 'allowable deductions'.
Taxable income is divided by the number of parts before the rates are applied.
Taxable income is income after appropriate exemptions and deductions are taken.
Taxable income is income less deductions and personal exemptions.
Taxable income is likely to be high.
Taxable income is likely to be moderately high.
Taxable income is likely to be modest.
Taxable income is partly a natural kind.
Taxable income is reduced by amount of anticipated expenses set aside in reimbursement accounts.
Taxable income is reduced for each exemption.
Taxable income is the amount after exemptions and deductions are subtracted.
Taxable income is the amount to which the tax rates are applied.
Taxable income is the same for both federal and provincial tax calculation purposes.
Taxable income is the total income after making various deductions.
Taxable interest increases month by month, and tax proceeds have been ballooning accordingly.
Taxable items are subject to withholding.
Taxable persons are an heirs who acquire property.
Taxable profit is determined by the results shown by the annual accounts.
Taxable profits are a creature of deduction.
Taxable properties abound in the mixed-use plan, including a hotel and restaurant.
Taxable property becomes more scarce.
Taxable property includes real and tangible personal property.
Taxable property is divided into two classes.
Taxable property is listed showing the value of the land, improvements and total.
Taxable sales are a portion of a vendor's total sales that are subject to sales tax.
Taxable sales are the portion of a vendor's total sales that are subject to sales tax.
Many taxable taxpayers receive comparably significant tax benefits.
Taxable valuation is calculated from an assessed valuation.
Taxable value becomes uncapped when property is sold or transferred.
Taxable value is reduced by the rainwater collection system construction costs.
Taxable value is the assessed balue less any exemptions.
Taxable value is the estimated property wealth of each school district for state funding purposes.
Taxable value is the just value less any exemptions.
Taxable value is the just value or market value less any exemptions.
Taxable value is the value upon which property taxes are calculated.
Taxable wages are that part of the total wages which is subject to the state unemployment tax.
Some taxanomic background is recommended.
Taxation administration involves a major web of activities in the Australian taxation system.
Taxation law can and does change.
Taxation of trusts is a core element of business tax reform.
Taxation also looms as a Net-stopper.
Taxation becomes fairer in direct proportion to increased openness.
Taxation can be a powerful instrument of social policy.
Taxation can be an issue if the item is purchased from outside the UK or Europe.
Taxation can impose indirect costs because it induces people to change their economic behavior.
Taxation can still take place as long as the other conditions are satisfied.
Taxation concerns itself with value.
Taxation continues to account for a large percentage of total revenue.
Taxation deals with administration and procedures, corporate, sales, income and capital gains taxes.
Taxation depends on the address of the merchant.
Taxation depends on the type of investment income the contributions generate.
Taxation destroys the incentive to create wealth.
Taxation gives birth to the bureaucracy that collects and administers the taxes.
Taxation has a long and complicated history in the United States.
Taxation has economic costs and also affects budget constraints.
Taxation has efficiency and equity effects.
Taxation has many insidious effects.
Taxation has several roles.
Taxation has substantial implications for economic efficiency, equity, and stabilization.
Taxation has the cachet of legality since every government does it.
Taxation has the standard microeconomic impact.
Taxation involves an involuntary transfer of resources, borrowing is a voluntary transaction.
Taxation is a burden of United States citizenship.
Taxation is a complex and unpopular subject.
Taxation is a decidedly local event.
Taxation is a form of regulation.
Taxation is a grim reality of life.
Taxation is a job none the less.
Taxation is a legal area of great complexity.
Taxation is a lot like sheep shearing.
Taxation is a major source of the state financial revenue.
Taxation is a matter of the market economy.
Taxation is a municipal function.
Taxation is a power concurrently exercised by the states and the general government.
Taxation is a powerful stimulous to social activity.
Taxation is a prerequisite unless waived by the professor.
Taxation is a recurring influence.
Taxation is a significant economic factor.
Taxation is a tangible form of regulation.
Taxation is a thankless job.
Taxation is a very complex area and different across national boundaries.
Taxation is a very important part of a productivity agenda because it rewards success.
Taxation is actually slavery.
Taxation is also deferred until income is received.
Taxation is among the principal reasons for small and medium sized firms performance.
Taxation is an eventual certainty for Internet shopping.
Taxation is an exercise of power, a manifestation of sovereignty.
Taxation is an important topic for business students.
Taxation is another.
Taxation is anti-family.
Taxation is apportioned to each state in which it does business.
Taxation is based upon increases in the value of the stock.
Taxation is blatant collectivism - socialism of the most virulent kind.
Taxation is explained on the next slide.
Taxation is far too complex anyway.
Taxation is fiscally virtuous because it allows spending without inflating the economy.
Taxation is governed by statute, i.e. by laws passed by legislatures.
Taxation is handled in similar fashion.
Taxation is ill-conceived.
Taxation is immoral, indistinguishable from theft.
Taxation is imposition
Taxation is imposition.
Taxation is impractical, unnecessary, and immoral.
Taxation is in every government a very delicate and difficult subject.
Taxation is in itself immoral.
Taxation is inevitable in modern economies.
Taxation is inherent in the American system.
Taxation is just another word for plunder.
Taxation is legalised theft.
Taxation is legislative.
Taxation is little more than legalized extortion.
Taxation is merely one of several methods of public financing.
Taxation is no simple fiscal matter.
Taxation is often a service member's primary consideration in choosing their domicile.
Taxation is on the defensive.
Taxation is one of the inherent responsibilities of property ownership.
Taxation is one of three main things that governments do.
Taxation is one such institution.
Taxation is only one step removed from slavery, by way of money.
Taxation is oppression of the people.
Taxation is oppression.
Taxation is pervasive, mutual plunder.
Taxation is really insignificant.
Taxation is ridiculous.
Taxation is slavery.
Taxation is somewhat less egregious than conscription, but it is still compulsion.
Taxation is subject to competing claims and authorities.
Taxation is the act of seizing the wealth of others.
Taxation is the compulsory payment of a percentage of one's income for the support of government.
Taxation is the crown jewel toward that self-governance.
Taxation is the epitome of government coercion.
Taxation is the forcible, but routine, seizure of one's rightful property by the government.
Taxation is the responsibility of the larger community.
Taxation is the rule and exemption from taxation is the exception.
Taxation is the rule.
Taxation is the subscription fee.
Taxation is theft, regardless of what the government calls it.
Taxation is theft.
Taxation is truly an arcane subject.
Taxation is unique in that it presents numerous career opportunities.
Taxation is unpredictable and capricious.
Taxation is, after all, the power to destroy.
Taxation is, of course, age old.
Taxation is, of course, resented.
Taxation Let's look at a few examples of what is really taking place in society today.
Taxation means compulsion.
Taxation placed upon wage labor further decreases purchasing capacity.
Taxation provides a curious example.
Taxation punishes productive virtues while rewarding parasitic vices.
Taxation raises several interesting issues.
Taxation reflects key social values.
Taxation remains theft in the direst of emergencies.
Taxation remains, morally and philosophically, theft.
Taxation rolls from medieval England.
Taxation slows the economy, precisely because it hurts incentives to work, save and invest.
Taxation supports the State.
All taxation is bad.
All taxation is controlled by the central government.
All taxation is 'fundamentally flawed' but some are better than others.
Any taxation is a disincentive to creating wealth, but some taxation is unavoidable.
Taxco residents continue to pay homage to their adopted son.
A taxi dancer is a dancer
Every taxi dancer is an experienced, fun, and friendly dancer.
Taxi drivers are films.
Taxi drivers are professional drivers.
Taxi drivers are used for traffic.
All taxi drivers accept Canadian currency.
All taxi drivers know it's location.
All taxi drivers know where it is.
Every taxi driver is a political pundit.
Every taxi driver knows the city by heart.
Many taxi drivers are 'owner drivers' and self employed.
Many taxi drivers take pride in themselves as well as their vehicle.
Most taxi drivers are able to provide their passengers with comprehensive tours of their island.
Most taxi drivers are familiar with that particular location.
Most taxi drivers are fine people.
Most taxi drivers are honest, but few try to cheat unwary foreigners.
Most taxi drivers receive a kickback for taking tourist to restaurants.
Most taxi drivers rent their cars by the day and have to pay for their own gas.
Most taxi drivers speak English.
Most taxi drivers understand enough English to recognize an address.
Some taxi drivers are unscrupulous.
Some taxi drivers speak English and provide valuable information.
A taxi fare is transportation
Taxi fares are according to what the meter says, and there is no timetable difference .
Taxi fares are allowable expenses.
Taxi fares are approx.
Taxi fares are based on zones and surcharges can apply for additional passengers and luggage.
Taxi fares are expensive.
Taxi fares are low and usually range from one to five dollars depending on the trip's length.
Taxi fares are relatively low.
Taxi fares are still among the cheapest in the world.
Taxi fares depend on the number of pieces of luggage and on traffic circumstances.
All taxi fares are flat rates , there are no meters to worry with.
Taxi rank is a stand
Taxi rank is just close to the hotel.
Taxi rides are negotiable.
Taxi service is available at all airports.
Taxi service is available at the airport.
Taxi service is available at the Ground Transportation Booth located right outside baggage claim.
Taxi service is available at the Lebanon airport.
Taxi service is available at the New Brunswick train station.
Taxi service is available at the station for the short ride to the college.
Taxi service is available at the station.
Taxi service is available at the train station.
Taxi service is available between the hotel and conference center.
Taxi service is available but is very expensive.
Taxi service is available by independent taxi companies.
Taxi service is available by phone.
Taxi service is available by the hour.
Taxi service is available by using the direct phone lines inside and outside the station.
Taxi service is available from all rail terminals.
Taxi service is available from all train stations.
Taxi service is available from several local companies.
Taxi service is available from the airport and within the city.
Taxi service is available from the airport to Jericho.
Taxi service is available from the airport to the motel or car rental is available.
Taxi service is available from the airport.
Taxi service is available from the airports and in the local area.
Taxi service is available from the arrivals area.
Taxi service is available from the hotels to the college.
Taxi service is available from the railroad station.
Taxi service is available from the station to the campus.
Taxi service is available from the station.
Taxi service is available from the terminal to campus.
Taxi service is available from the terminal to the campus.
Taxi service is available from there.
Taxi service is available from West Yellowstone.
Taxi service is available in all cities of Kazakhstan.
Taxi service is available in both cities.
Taxi service is available in both the north and south parking areas.
Taxi service is available in the evenings.
Taxi service is available near baggage pick-up and four persons ride for one fare.
Taxi service is available on all arrivals.
Taxi service is available on call.
Taxi service is available outside of baggage claim at both terminals.
Taxi service is available outside the station and is recommended over local bus service.
Taxi service is available to go to town for shopping or dining if desired.
Taxi service is available to go to town for shopping or dining.
Taxi service is available to the campus from both stations.
Taxi service is available to the campus.
Taxi service is available to the city centre.
Taxi service is available to the city.
Taxi service is available upon advance booking.
Taxi service is available within the town.
Taxi service is available, and the town shuttle bus serves the airport.
Taxi service is available, but bus transportation is very limited.
Taxi service is available, but it is expensive.
Taxi service is available.
Taxi service operates from the main entrance of the exhibition halls.
Taxi service operates twenty-four hours a day.
Taxi strips are part of airports.
TAXI Taxis are available at the airport.
TAXI Taxis are available but very expensive due to the distance.
TAXI Taxis are available directly outside arrivals.
TAXI Taxis are available in all cities and major towns.
TAXI Taxis are available just outside of the arrivals hall.
TAXI Taxis are available just outside the arrivals area.
TAXI Taxis are available on both sides of the fence at the Tijuana border.
TAXI Taxis are available outside each terminal.
TAXI Taxis are available outside the arrivals hall.
TAXI Taxis are plentiful in most cities throughout Brazil.
TAXI Taxis are plentiful.
TAXI Taxis are quite cheap and plentiful in Nairobi, Mombasa and other cities.
Taxi touts are to be avoided.
TAXI actually has a wonderful web site with some great content for musicians.
TAXI brings a more effective approach to online marketing for merchants.
TAXI is a gem of a find.
TAXI is basically of no use any longer.
Taxi isa auto.
Taxi isa automobile.
Taxi isa car.
Taxi rank opposite bus stop.
Taxi rank opposite front entrance of station.
Taxi ride approx.
Taxi rides in Paris.
Taxi takes too long.
TAXI then notifies members regarding which companies have received submitted materials.
Taxi transfer to and from international airports.
Taxies are also available from Mysore.
Taxies are available on the ground floor, outside of the terminal.
Taxies driving by meter are the cheapest, others offer a fixed price.
Taxis accept bank debit card or most common credit cards.
Taxis accept cash only.
Taxis accept major credit cards.
Taxis add up quickly.
Taxis also perform courier service functions.
Taxis also provide transportation into Halifax.
Taxis are abundant and car hire is also available.
Taxis are abundant and reliable and are the most recommended form of transport in major cities.
Taxis are abundant around the campus.
Taxis are abundant in Nairobi.
Taxis are abundant in the urban areas.
Taxis are abundant on all islands.
Taxis are abundant throughout the Islands and bicycle rentals are also available.
Taxis are air-conditioned and can be found practically anywhere in Manila.
Taxis are air-conditioned, new, and readily available.
Taxis are almost always available and the waiting time is short.
Taxis are also abundant and at a reasonable price.
Taxis are also available and fares are fixed by the government.
Taxis are also available at any time of the year.
Taxis are also available at approx.
Taxis are also available at both the rail and bus station.
Taxis are also available at the airport for transport into the city centre.
Taxis are also available at the airport.
Taxis are also available at the station.
Taxis are also available but a little more costly than the shuttles.
Taxis are also available but are more expensive.
Taxis are also available but much more expensive.
Taxis are also available curbside outside of the baggage pick-up area.
Taxis are also available from ranks just outside the main hotels.
Taxis are also available from the airport but they are quite expensive.
Taxis are also available from the airport outside baggage claim.
Taxis are also available from the terminal forecourt.
Taxis are also available if preferred.
Taxis are also available in most Israeli cities.
Taxis are also available in town.
Taxis are also available on the ground level.
Taxis are also available outside the airport baggage claim area.
Taxis are also available outside the airport.
Taxis are also available so are mini buses.
Taxis are also available to and from the airport.
Taxis are also available to get downtown.
Taxis are also available to the city.
Taxis are also available with a reasonable price.
Taxis are also available, and city buses run along the Strip into downtown.
Taxis are also available, but expensive.
Taxis are also available, just confirm the rate before getting in.
Taxis are also available.
Taxis are also common.
Taxis are also easily affordable, especially if split between a few people.
Taxis are also easily available and inexpensive.
Taxis are also easily available.
Taxis are also freely available.
Taxis are also in great abundance.
Taxis are also numerous and relatively inexpensive, especially for shorter distances.
Taxis are also plentiful and cheap.
Taxis are also plentiful and getting around town is generally quick and easy.
Taxis are also plentiful at the station.
Taxis are also plentiful, and city buses are a cheaper option.
Taxis are also plentiful, but probably more expensive from the airport.
Taxis are also plentiful.
Taxis are also popular and always available.
Taxis are also prevalent and reasonably priced.
Taxis are also quite affordable.
Taxis are also readily available and very reasonably priced.
Taxis are also readily available at the airport taxi ranks.
Taxis are also readily available.
Taxis are also widely available.
Taxis are always available and cheap Rental cars are available at a nearby location.
Taxis are always available and there are many car rental agencies at the airport.
Taxis are always available around the city but are more expensive.
Taxis are always available at the bus station.
Taxis are always available at the front of the resort at reasonable prices.
Taxis are always available at the station.
Taxis are always available by phone.
Taxis are always available in both directions.
Taxis are always available outside the airport terminal.
Taxis are always available outside the airport.
Taxis are always available, too.
Taxis are always available.
Taxis are always on call at the hotel entrance.
Taxis are always plentiful and inexpensive.
Taxis are always readily available.
Taxis are available all night nearby.
Taxis are available also, but they are more expensive.
Taxis are available and a fixed schedule of fares is displayed at the airport.
Taxis are available and are quite reasonable.
Taxis are available and charge by zone.
Taxis are available and provide transportation services island wide.
Taxis are available and recommended.
Taxis are available and tipping is unnecessary.
Taxis are available ans well as bus service.
Taxis are available as well.
Taxis are available at a phone call distance.
Taxis are available at airport.
Taxis are available at airports and on call.
Taxis are available at all airport terminals.
Taxis are available at all airport.
Taxis are available at all airports.
Taxis are available at all arrival times.
Taxis are available at all hours at quite low rates.
Taxis are available at all hours at very competitive rates.
Taxis are available at all stations.
Taxis are available at all the airports.
Taxis are available at all times.
Taxis are available at any time, day or night.
Taxis are available at approximately twice that amount if traveling alone.
Taxis are available at both airports and are required by law to charge a standard rate.
Taxis are available at both airports.
Taxis are available at both exits of the main station.
Taxis are available at both stations.
Taxis are available at clearly marked ranks.
Taxis are available at each terminal of the airport.
Taxis are available at either station.
Taxis are available at international airports and in main towns.
Taxis are available at main hotels and airports and can be contacted by phone.
Taxis are available at major hotels and usually have fixed rates for certain destinations.
Taxis are available at museums entrances.
Taxis are available at stands or by telephone.
Taxis are available at the airport - four persons per taxi maximum.
Taxis are available at the airport and downtown.
Taxis are available at the airport and seaports with fixed prices to the various hotels.
Taxis are available at the airport outside the baggage claim area.
Taxis are available at the airport, the wharf, or the bus terminal.
Taxis are available at the airport, they are expensive.
Taxis are available at the airport.
Taxis are available at the first curb.
Taxis are available at the front of the hotel.
Taxis are available at the hotel entrance and at a nearby taxi rank.
Taxis are available at the hotel.
Taxis are available at the station at all times.
Taxis are available at the station for local transportation.
Taxis are available at the station.
Taxis are available at the stations.
Taxis are available at the train and bus stations, as well as the airport.
Taxis are available at the train station, of course.
Taxis are available at the train station.
Taxis are available at the wharf.
Taxis are available at tourist centers.
Taxis are available but can be expensive because of the distance.
Taxis are available but can be expensive.
Taxis are available but often require a long wait, especially at closing time.
Taxis are available by phone or at stands near the major hotels.
Taxis are available day and night at reasonable charges.
Taxis are available directly outside the airport and railway station.
Taxis are available everywhere on the with standard rates.
Taxis are available everywhere.
Taxis are available for a nominal fee to explore the beaches area.
Taxis are available for booking from the hotels to the farm.
Taxis are available for hire outside the baggage claim.
Taxis are available for hire outside the main airport building.
Taxis are available for hire, but they are horribly expensive.
Taxis are available for hire.
Taxis are available for one way trips or sightseeing tours.
Taxis are available for short excursions.
Taxis are available from and to all of the airports.
Taxis are available from both stations.
Taxis are available from outside of the station.
Taxis are available from outside the front entrance of the railway station.
Taxis are available from the airport to the nearby towns.
Taxis are available from the airport.
Taxis are available from the hotels to the university.
Taxis are available from the lobby of any hotel.
Taxis are available from the rail station.
Taxis are available from the ranks outside the station.
Taxis are available from the resort to anywhere on the island.
Taxis are available from the signposted taxi ranks.
Taxis are available from the station.
Taxis are available from the train station.
Taxis are available from the village of Belmont.
Taxis are available from there to campus.
Taxis are available in all cities and towns, but can be more expensive for foreigners.
Taxis are available in all cities throughout Germany.
Taxis are available in all the cities and towns.
Taxis are available in front of our hotel.
Taxis are available in front of the arrivals area.
Taxis are available in front of the station.
Taxis are available in Greece.
Taxis are available in large cities but can be hard to find.
Taxis are available in Libreville.
Taxis are available in Marsh Harbour and automobiles, bicycles, and motor scooters can be rented.
Taxis are available in most cities but they are really expensive.
Taxis are available in most towns, The tip is included in the price shown on the meter.
Taxis are available in Oman.
Taxis are available in the cities and in many towns.
Taxis are available in the city centre or can be ordered by telephone.
Taxis are available in the city, but only by phone.
Taxis are available in the main centres.
Taxis are available in the major cities at hotels, tourist sites and government offices.
Taxis are available in the major cities.
Taxis are available in the station forecourt.
Taxis are available just outside the arrivals area.
Taxis are available just outside the terminal building.
Taxis are available near major shopping centres and at hotels.
Taxis are available on all the inhabited islands, and most taxi drivers double as guides.
Taxis are available on call.
Taxis are available on negotiable rate according to distance.
Taxis are available on the fairground.
Taxis are available on the ground level of the airport terminal.
Taxis are available on the mainland next to the ferry slip.
Taxis are available on the west side of baggage claim.
Taxis are available outside each airport terminal at stops marked with dark brown signs.
Taxis are available outside each terminal, near the baggage claim.
Taxis are available outside of the arrival lounge.
Taxis are available outside the airport terminal.
Taxis are available outside the airport.
Taxis are available outside the airport's baggage claim area.
Taxis are available outside the arrival hall.
Taxis are available outside the baggage claim area.
Taxis are available outside the Baggage Claim Area.
Taxis are available outside the Eurohub terminal buildings.
Taxis are available outside the station.
Taxis are available outside the terminal building, as are buses.
Taxis are available outside the terminal.
Taxis are available outside the terminals at the taxi-ranks.
Taxis are available right outside the arrivals hall.
Taxis are available to and from the city.
Taxis are available to the city centre.
Taxis are available to the city with official rates displayed.
Taxis are available to the city.
Taxis are available to the right of the station, buses to the left, and the tram is right out front.
Taxis are available upon request from outside the station.
Taxis are available upon request, hire cars are inexpensive, bicycles can be hired.
Taxis are available upon telephone request.
Taxis are available with ease at the location.
Taxis are available, as are car rentals.
Taxis are available, but are very expensive.
Taxis are available, but bicycles and horses are recommended for travelling long distances.
Taxis are available, but expensive.
Taxis are available, too.
Taxis are available.
Taxis are black and very cool, unfortunately very expensive.
Taxis are black with a yellow top.
Taxis are black with yellow roofs, abundant and relatively inexpensive.
Taxis are cars.
Taxis are cash only.
Taxis are cheap and good in unsafe areas as an alternative.
Taxis are cheap and plentiful in Cartagena, just a few dollars for any destination in the city.
Taxis are cheap and readily available.
Taxis are cheap and reliable.
Taxis are cheap and widely available.
Taxis are cheaper when ordered by phone.
Taxis are cheaper.
Taxis are clean and comfortable.
Taxis are clean and reliable but quite expensive.
Taxis are close by and are quite inexpensive.
Taxis are common rated, and established by the govenment.
Taxis are constantly on the prowl, beeping at any foreigner that moves.
Taxis are convenient but expensive.
Taxis are convenient transportation.
Taxis are convenient, but expensive.
Taxis are difficult to find at certain places, at certain times of day, and at night.
Taxis are easier to access than buses.
Taxis are easier, but the fares mount.
Taxis are easily accessible and the hotel building houses the largest car-park in Causeway Bay.
Taxis are easily accessible at lobby entrance and rental cars conveniently located nearby.
Taxis are easily accessible outside the baggage claim area of the airport.
Taxis are easily available and cheap.
Taxis are easily available and inexpensive.
Taxis are easily available and the subway system, although small, is safe and reliable.
Taxis are easily available at major cities all over Spain.
Taxis are easily available at the gate.
Taxis are easily available for all day hire too.
Taxis are easily available from the airport for the twin cities.
Taxis are easily available, while self-drive cars with the help of a good map give independence.
Taxis are easily obtainable in Dubai.
Taxis are easy to catch from any of the resorts.
Taxis are easy to come by in Washington.
Taxis are easy to come by.
Taxis are easy to find as another form of transportation in the city.
Taxis are easy to find in the cities.
Taxis are easy to hail from nearby corners.
Taxis are efficient and inexpensive.
Taxis are efficient.
Taxis are everywhere and reasonable.
Taxis are everywhere and reasonably affordable.
Taxis are everywhere, and can be hailed in the street or on ranks.
Taxis are everywhere.
Taxis are excellent value in the city centres where parking and congestion can be a nightmare.
Taxis are expensive and can be slow in traffic.
Taxis are expensive and drivers dislike wet dive gear.
Taxis are expensive and hard to find.
Taxis are expensive and in short supply.
Taxis are expensive and inconvenient.
Taxis are expensive and slow.
Taxis are expensive but are a good option for short hops.
Taxis are expensive for everyone.
Taxis are expensive for long distance trips.
Taxis are expensive in Japan.
Taxis are expensive, but rental cars are available at the airport.
Taxis are expensive.
Taxis are extremely expensive in Japan.
Taxis are fairly easy to find but can be a bit expensive.
Taxis are fairly easy to hail on the street.
Taxis are fairly expensive but are more convenient than night busses for late-night rides.
Taxis are fairly inexpensive but difficult to obtain.
Taxis are fairly inexpensive for inner-city transportation.
Taxis are fast, convenient, and the cost of short trips is fairly reasonable.
Taxis are fine, buses are more fun.
Taxis are for the most part easy to get and cheap.
Taxis are generally available around the downtown hotels.
Taxis are generally available at North Berkeley.
Taxis are generally quite reasonable.
Taxis are generally readily available.
Taxis are great.
Taxis are hard to get in America.
Taxis are harder to find after hours.
Taxis are horse-drawn carriages, some with beveled glass windows.
Taxis are in abundance and the bus goes right by the front of the building.
Taxis are incredibly cheap.
Taxis are inexpensive and metered.
Taxis are inexpensive and more rapid than buses or colectivos.
Taxis are inexpensive and numerous.
Taxis are inexpensive and readily available.
Taxis are inexpensive and seem to always be there whenever needed.
Taxis are inexpensive compared to European or American standards.
Taxis are inexpensive compared to European standards.
Taxis are inexpensive, easy to flag down, and relatively efficient.
Taxis are inexpensive, especially for groups.
Taxis are inexpensive, with an added fee for extra luggage.
Taxis are inexpensive.
Taxis are just outside the departure hall.
Taxis are likely to be no quicker, and much more expensive.
Taxis are located in airports.
Taxis are located in cities.
Taxis are located in streets.
Taxis are located in train stations.
Taxis are mainly privately owned cars but registered taxis are also available from designated areas.
Taxis are moderately-priced compared to major U.S. cities.
Taxis are more convenient but considerably more expensive.
Taxis are more expensive still, though depending on traffic conditions, can beat train times.
Taxis are more expensive than private buses.
Taxis are more expensive.
Taxis are much less expensive than ambulances.
Taxis are never available.
Taxis are nice and convenient, but very pricey.
Taxis are no problem, just make sure they use the meter or agree on a price before hand.
Taxis are non-existent.
Taxis are normally available from the station.
Taxis are notorious for overcharging.
Taxis are numerous and fares are reasonable.
Taxis are numerous and inexpensive.
Taxis are numerous and readily available.
Taxis are numerous and relatively cheap but having a car is much better.
Taxis are numerous at both airports but they can be expensive.
Taxis are numerous in all Turkish cities and recognizable by their yellow color.
Taxis are of course also available.
Taxis are often the better solution.
Taxis are OK in emergencies.
Taxis are omnipresent.
Taxis are on standby at most beaches until late afternoon.
Taxis are one of the best ways to get around in New Orleans during the holidays.
Taxis are operations.
Taxis are plentiful along the major routes.
Taxis are plentiful and affordable.
Taxis are plentiful and are a convenient and inexpensive way to get around during short stays.
Taxis are plentiful and are all metered.
Taxis are plentiful and are generally reasonably priced.
Taxis are plentiful and are usually moderately priced, but exercise caution in obtaining a cab.
Taxis are plentiful and car and bike hire are widely available.
Taxis are plentiful and cheap, but without meters so establish the price before hand .
Taxis are plentiful and cheap.
Taxis are plentiful and clean.
Taxis are plentiful and convenient.
Taxis are plentiful and fairly affordable, but there are several other choices for transport.
Taxis are plentiful and inexpensive in Colombia.
Taxis are plentiful and inexpensive, as are public buses.
Taxis are plentiful and inexpensive, especially the VW beetles.
Taxis are plentiful and inexpensive.
Taxis are plentiful and readily available except, during rush hours and in rainy weather.
Taxis are plentiful and run on fixed rates.
Taxis are plentiful and the government-set rates are very reasonable.
Taxis are plentiful around well-known spots and major hotels.
Taxis are plentiful at the airport, but more expensive.
Taxis are plentiful at the airports, in Castries and in the main resort areas.
Taxis are plentiful but difficult to identify because they are unmarked.
Taxis are plentiful but expensive.
Taxis are plentiful in Jerusalem.
Taxis are plentiful in Kathmandu.
Taxis are plentiful in larger towns and mini buses offer a frequent though unscheduled service.
Taxis are plentiful in larger towns and mini buses offer a frequent though untime-tabled service.
Taxis are plentiful in London, but less conspicuous in regional centres.
Taxis are plentiful in most cities throughout Brazil.
Taxis are plentiful in the capital - look for TX licence plates.
Taxis are plentiful in the capital, and can be hired for longer trips around the island.
Taxis are plentiful in the cities and at airports.
Taxis are plentiful in the larger cities.
Taxis are plentiful outside the terminals.
Taxis are plentiful throughout the Washington metro area.
Taxis are plentiful, and car rentals are readily available.
Taxis are plentiful, as well as pollution.
Taxis are plentiful, but pricey.
Taxis are plentiful, convenient, and relatively inexpensive.
Taxis are plentiful, easy to hail, and very reasonable by U.S. standards.
Taxis are plentiful, too.
Taxis are plentiful.
Taxis are popular.
Taxis are preferable to public transportation.
Taxis are pretty cheap.
Taxis are quite expensive since the airport is more than fifty miles from Boulder.
Taxis are quite expensive.
Taxis are reaction.
Taxis are readily available and are the main form of transport on the smaller islands.
Taxis are readily available and offer an efficient, relatively inexpensive service.
Taxis are readily available and reasonable priced.
Taxis are readily available and wait for passangers in controlled lineups.
Taxis are readily available at fixed rates.
Taxis are readily available at taxi stands just outside the baggage claim area of each terminal.
Taxis are readily available at that location.
Taxis are readily available at the hotel, the airport and within the city.
Taxis are readily available at the station.
Taxis are readily available from the airport.
Taxis are readily available in most of the central area and other major streets.
Taxis are readily available in the capitol and also in surprisingly many towns around the country.
Taxis are readily available just outside of baggage claim.
Taxis are readily available outside most stations.
Taxis are readily available outside the baggage claim area.
Taxis are readily available throughout Turkey and usually reliable.
Taxis are readily available throughout Wellington city.
Taxis are readily available to other points.
Taxis are readily available within the city and at the airport.
Taxis are readily available, but can be impractical and expensive for short distances.
Taxis are readily available, but only some taxis accept credit cards.
Taxis are readily available, but the minimum fare is the equivalent of six dollars.
Taxis are readily available.
Taxis are relatively cheap and plentiful and most drivers do speak English.
Taxis are relatively cheap in Havana and provide an easy way of getting around.
Taxis are relatively cheap in Salvador and are better than buses.
Taxis are relatively convenient and have no fixed charges but the highest variable charges.
Taxis are relatively easy to secure and there are several major car rental agencies at the airport.
Taxis are relatively inexpensive compared to european standards.
Taxis are reliable and have meters indicating the fare and tips are unnecessary.
Taxis are reliable and inexpensive, but often slow, due to congested traffic.
Taxis are reliable and readily available at designated taxi stands or by calling in advance.
Taxis are safe but expensive.
Taxis are safe, but expensive.
Taxis are safe, clean, and efficient - but the drivers enjoy overcharging tourists.
Taxis are safer than taking public transportation or walking, and they are cheap.
Taxis are safer.
Taxis are spendy, but easily available.
Taxis are too expensive for the blind person on a limited budget.
Taxis are unaffordable.
Taxis are unmetered, but they are required to carry a list of fares.
Taxis are usually available right outside the arrival gate.
Taxis are usually beige.
Taxis are usually small buses, which can be shared.
Taxis are very affordable compared to other countries.
Taxis are very cheap and fairly easily available.
Taxis are very cheap.
Taxis are very efficient.
Taxis are very expensive, but there are rental cars at all airports.
Taxis are very expensive.
Taxis are very inexpensive and available from the hotel at any time.
Taxis are very plentiful, and quite reasonably priced and rental vehicles are available.
Taxis are well known for running huge mileages before engine rebuilds.
Taxis are white with a diagonal red line in the front doors.
Taxis are widely available and reasonably priced.
Taxis are widely available at the airport.
Taxis are widely available in Palestinian cities.
Taxis are widely available in the main towns.
Taxis are widely available on the island.
Taxis are widely available, but be ready to negotiate the price.
Taxis are widely available.
Taxis are willing and able enough, but be warned that drivers often overcharge.
Taxis are yellow and have medallion shields on the hood and medallion numbers on the roof.
Taxis are yellow cabs, but many private cars are in use as taxi cabs as well.
Taxis arrive at residences.
Taxis arrive quickly and the fares are very reasonable.
Taxis asking special higher rates are also available at the airport.
Taxis carrying five or six passengers use a different rate.
Taxis cause many accidents.
Taxis charge a meter rate.
Taxis cover the shorter runs between towns and reliable and cheap minibuses cover the longer routes.
Taxis cruise regularly and stop at all the hotels.
Taxis depart for all Bay Area Counties from the lower level outside baggage claim of all terminals.
Taxis drive like Indianapolis race-drivers and can be street rude.
Taxis enter for free.
Taxis exist but are expensive.
Taxis have (part) accelerators.
Taxis have (part) air bags.
Taxis have (part) auto accessories.
Taxis have (part) automobile batteries.
Taxis have (part) automobile engines.
Taxis have (part) automobile trunks.
Taxis have (part) backs.
Taxis have (part) bases.
Taxis have (part) brake bands.
Taxis have (part) brake light.
Taxis have (part) brake systems.
Taxis have (part) bumper guards.
Taxis have (part) bumpers.
Taxis have (part) cabs.
Taxis have (part) car batteries.
Taxis have (part) car doors.
Taxis have (part) car mirrors.
Taxis have (part) car seats.
Taxis have (part) car wheels.
Taxis have (part) ceilings.
Taxis have (part) cylinder blocks.
Taxis have (part) emergency brakes.
Taxis have (part) engine blocks.
Taxis have (part) fan belts.
Taxis have (part) fans.
Taxis have (part) fuel gauges.
Taxis have (part) fuel indicators.
Taxis have (part) fuel lines.
Taxis have (part) fuel systems.
Taxis have (part) fulcrums.
Taxis have (part) gas gages.
Taxis have (part) gas gauges.
Taxis have (part) gas lines.
Taxis have (part) gas tanks.
Taxis have (part) gasoline engines.
Taxis have (part) gasoline gages.
Taxis have (part) gasoline gauges.
Taxis have (part) gasoline tanks.
Taxis have (part) gear levers.
Taxis have (part) glove compartments.
Taxis have (part) hand brakes.
Taxis have (part) head restraint.
Taxis have (part) headlamps.
Taxis have (part) hinges.
Taxis have (part) hood ornaments.
Taxis have (part) horn buttons.
Taxis have (part) horns.
Taxis have (part) hubs.
Taxis have (part) infrastructures.
Taxis have (part) luggage compartments.
Taxis have (part) odometers.
Taxis have (part) petrol engines.
Taxis have (part) petrol gages.
Taxis have (part) petrol gauges.
Taxis have (part) petrol lines.
Taxis have (part) petrol tanks.
Taxis have (part) poppets.
Taxis have (part) power trains.
Taxis have (part) rear lamps.
Taxis have (part) rear light.
Taxis have (part) rear windows.
Taxis have (part) roof peaks.
Taxis have (part) room light.
Taxis have (part) seat belts.
Taxis have (part) second gear.
Taxis have (part) sections.
Taxis have (part) speedometers.
Taxis have (part) suspension systems.
Taxis have (part) tail fins.
Taxis have (part) tail lamps.
Taxis have (part) thermostats.
Taxis have (part) transmission systems.
Taxis have (part) voltage regulators.
Taxis have (part) walls.
Taxis have (part) windshields.
Taxis have (part) wipers.
Taxis have a fixed price schedule for most destinations on the island.
Taxis have a meter.
Taxis have a tendency to overcharge the foreigners.
Taxis have a yellow taksi sign which is lit when the taxi is vacant.
Taxis have an important role to play in urban public transport.
Taxis have meters but are rather expensive.
Taxis have meters indicating the fare and tips are unnecessary.
Taxis have meters, so the price is regulated.
Taxis have no meters and charge by zone.
Taxis have yellow number plates and meters that give receipts.
Taxis here are the bane of our existence.
Taxis ignore everything when they spot a customer.
Taxis leave from the airport's lower level, outside baggage claim.
Taxis make frequent stops and starts without regard to other vehicles, making driving hazardous.
Taxis meet all incoming flights.
Taxis meet all trains and buses.
Taxis meet all trains.
Taxis meet incoming flights at the airport and incoming ferries downtown.
Taxis now offer English interpretation services via telephone.
Taxis offer greater freedom but are more expensive than buses.
Taxis operate a dedicated service to and from the airport.
Taxis operate in a limited area and provide handicapped access.
Taxis operate on a zone system instead of meters.
Taxis pass the bus stations frequently.
Taxis pick up anywhere on the Island as well, by arrangement.
Taxis ply the streets of major cities.
Taxis provide door-to door service.
Taxis run regularly and very cheap all day.
Taxis run up and down the road for convenient travel to town or the airport.
Taxis sidle to their ranks, newspapers blow.
Taxis stand by in front of the airport awaiting each flight.
Taxis stop at anytime , anywhere.
Taxis stop at the foot of the escalator and elevator.
Taxis take about twice as long.
Taxis too are available charging the accepted city rates.
Taxis use meters and charge by time and distance traveled.
Taxis often stop to pick up other passengers.
Taxis usually charge a flat rate per head, so more than one group can use the cab at the same time.
Taxis usually operate in the center of towns, and it is easy to find a taxi in Belize City.
All taxis are colectivos, which means that they pick up people until full.
All taxis are government controlled and many are metered.
All taxis are government controlled.
All taxis are yellow and some are very old.
All taxis carry a sign on the roof, illuminated if vacant.
All taxis have yellow numberplates.
All taxis operate by meter, and can be hired for the day.
All taxis operate on the meter system.
Every taxi is examined to very high standards.
Every taxi takes at least three people.
Many taxis accept credit cards.
Many taxis accept payment by credit card.
Many taxis are wheelchair accessible.
Many taxis have wheelchair ramps, but few buses.
Most taxis are air conditioned and for the most part the drivers can speak English.
Most taxis are either small covered trucks or large vans.
Most taxis are old and poorly maintained.
Most taxis arrive at residences.
Most taxis take four passengers.
Some taxis accept payment by credit card.
Some taxis are air-conditioned at no extra charge.
Some taxis are smoke-free environments, and others positively encourage smoking.
Some taxis can accept credit cards.
Some taxis even offer sightseeing tours and special rates for longer journeys.
Some taxis have interiors specially equipped for the handicapped.
Many taxicab companies serve the Detroit area.
A taxicab is a car
Taxicabs also abound.
Taxicabs are also available at the airport with return reservations required.
Taxicabs are also available.
Taxicabs are an integral part of the Island's public transportation system.
Taxicabs are available around the clock.
Taxicabs are available at the exits of each terminal.
Taxicabs are available at the ground transportation exits in each terminal.
Taxicabs are available in Tunis and at the airport.
Taxicabs are available outside the baggage claim area if needed.
Taxicabs are available.
Taxicabs are easily available.
Taxicabs are everywhere, and happy to provide gringos a tour of their city.
Taxicabs are expensive and buses are tedious so be prepared.
Taxicabs are expensive, so try using buses or the subway instead.
Taxicabs are inexpensive and convenient in Taipei.
Taxicabs are plentiful.
Taxicabs are well-regulated and clean, usually.
Taxicabs are widely available.
Taxicabs are, potentially, one of the purest forms of entrepreneurship.
Taxicabs normally accept all major credit cards.
Taxicabs plan far less.
Taxicabs provide transportation for passengers with folding wheelchairs at no surcharge.
Taxicabs run on fixed rates.
Taxicabs too are around the city.
Taxicabs usually are the most expensive.
All taxicabs prominently display a driver picture identification with number at all times.
Every taxicab has an information poster displayed behind the driver's seat.
A taxidermist is an artisan
Taxidermists are craftsmans.
Taxidermists can also be a wealth of information in other areas, too.
Taxidermists can do a mount from a few detailed photos.
Taxidermists can use a mold to make a fiberglass replica of an angler's fish.
Taxidermists just starting out in the business can learn from the veterans.
Taxidermists mount anything.
Taxidermists produce excellent replicas that are virtually identical to skin mounts.
Some taxidermists are sensitive to mistakes people make about the profession.
Some taxidermists offer fiberglass replicas.
Some taxidermists work in teams.
A taxidermy is art
Taxidermy mount with genuine antlers.
All taxidermy is done by professionals and is of museum quality.
Taxies Taxies are relatively cheap.
A taximeter is a meter
Some taximeters are part of electronic dispatching systems.
All taxis drivers have in their possession their printed rates in two languages.
A taxis is a response
Taxes account for more than a third of the price of gas.
Taxes affect consumption.
Taxes affect economic behavior and decision-making, which in turn affects the economy.
Taxes affect every student, taxpayer and resident of Ohio.
Taxes affect medical insurance, dental insurance, and the vision plan.
Taxes affect our lives just as powerfully as safety regulations and environmental laws do.
Taxes affect the economy, governmental structure, and political climate of that civilized society.
Taxes already apply to e-commerce the same as they apply to catalogue and mail order sales.
Taxes also affect costs by way of depreciation.
Taxes also affect who receives gifts and what time of the year they are bestowed.
Taxes also can eat away investment returns.
Taxes also decrease incentives and contort incentives.
Taxes also hamper the progress of technology.
Taxes also have a debilitating impact on the economy.
Taxes also help determine the character of civilized society and government and politics.
Taxes also pay for interest on the government's public debt.
Taxes also play an important role in designing novel, alternative insurance arrangements.
Taxes also redistribute income and wealth.
Taxes also take a toll.
Taxes also tell the story of growth.
Taxes also turn most people into plunderers.
Taxes amount to a small percentage of the recreation budget.
Taxes appear to be headed steadily upwards in Dayton.
Taxes apply in some states.
Taxes apply on most products and services.
Taxes apply on the price of the phone before mail-in rebate or promotions.
Taxes apply only to residents of Canada.
Taxes apply to both local and long distance companies operating within a state.
Taxes apply to graduate tuition remission in accordance with federal law.
Taxes are a big expense of doing business.
Taxes are a big reason why families feel so stressed.
Taxes are a burden.
Taxes are a concern to many township and village residents.
Taxes are a cost of doing business that are considered when pricing goods.
Taxes are a daily part of life.
Taxes are a form of violence.
Taxes are a given.
Taxes are a highly complicated and changing area.
Taxes are a job killer, particularly during economic setbacks.
Taxes are a joke.
Taxes are a leak in the pool of money that is the local economy.
Taxes are a legal debt owed to others.
Taxes are a lien on the mobile home.
Taxes are a lot higher than most people think.
Taxes are a major issue.
Taxes are a major source of revenue for spending on health and education.
Taxes are a moral duty, an unquestionable obligation.
Taxes are a necessary part of life in our modern society.
Taxes are a pain.
Taxes are a part of the cost of capital.
Taxes are a penalty paid by the more productive and honest segments of society.
Taxes are a perennial irritant among the voting public everywhere.
Taxes are a perennial problem for many Korean companies and individuals.
Taxes are a permit fee.
Taxes are a piece of the problem.
Taxes are a popular subject for discussion and web pages.
Taxes are a powerful tool.
Taxes are a relic of ancient times, as was slavery.
Taxes are a serious issue for families.
Taxes are a small piece of the overall decision.
Taxes are a sticky issue for the business community.
Taxes are a swear word in the vocabulary of our society.
Taxes are a terrible way to pay for highways.
Taxes are a vehicle for raising revenues.
Taxes are a very expensive way of funding something.
Taxes are a very important subject and require much study.
Taxes are a vexing issue, even for the most astute investor.
Taxes are a way of life.
Taxes are a year round business.
Taxes are about right.
Taxes are about to be collected.
Taxes are addditional.
Taxes are added by federal , state and local governments .
Taxes are added by federal, state and local governments.
Taxes are additional .
Taxes are additional and calculated upon departure.
Taxes are additional for all hotels.
Taxes are additional to quoted prices.
Taxes are additional.
Taxes are Additional.
Taxes are against everything that free enterprise stands for.
Taxes are already so high in Topeka that people are wanting to exit for surrounding counties.
Taxes are already too high, especially property taxes.
Taxes are already too high.
Taxes are also a consideration to the government.
Taxes are also a factor.
Taxes are also a hot topic.
Taxes are also a means of providing incentives for resource use.
Taxes are also deferred on any investment income earned over the course of one s employment years.
Taxes are also deferred on the interest earned by the investment.
Taxes are also high.
Taxes are also moderate compared to most parts of the country.
Taxes are also very low and it is very close to the city.
Taxes are always a big concern when moving to a new state or even to a different city.
Taxes are always a consideration when it comes to buying or selling a business.
Taxes are always a significant consideration for any corporation evaluating a transaction.
Taxes are always a very contentious issue.
Taxes are always on voters' minds.
Taxes are always somebody else's fault.
Taxes are among the highest in the world, and the economy can barely cope with the burden.
Taxes are an attempt to pool money to concentrate labor toward governmentally decided ends.
Taxes are an example of people handing over their money to the government.
Taxes are an expense of doing business.
Taxes are an impediment to economic growth.
Taxes are an important aspect of our lives.
Taxes are an important part of our lives and our country.
Taxes are an important part of the cost of production as well as the cost of living.
Taxes are an ongoing responsibility.
Taxes are another beef against mutual funds.
Taxes are another consideration.
Taxes are another constant.
Taxes are another important concern.
Taxes are another important consideration.
Taxes are another problem.
Taxes are another story altogether.
Taxes are any payment on behalf of the individual to the government.
Taxes are applicable and are to be paid in addition to rates.
Taxes are applicable to all the above rates.
Taxes are applicable.
Taxes are approx.
Taxes are as certain as death.
Taxes are as old as government.
Taxes are at an all-time high even after taking inflation into account.
Taxes are at an all-time high.
Taxes are at the base of every public debate.
Taxes are at the highest level ever, Washington, give it back.
Taxes are biblical.
Taxes are big money.
Taxes are burdensome.
Taxes are but a blip on the radar screen of life.
Taxes are collectible after the bankruptcy is discharged.
Taxes are complete and all signature cards have been filed with the bank.
Taxes are complicated.
Taxes are deductible from the net income.
Taxes are deferred to later years.
Taxes are dependant upon the income of the property owner.
Taxes are different from probate.
Taxes are difficult to assess and collect.
Taxes are down, interest rates are down, there's more money in our pockets.
Taxes are down.
Taxes are due and making retirement contributions is, typically, a very smart move for everyone.
Taxes are due four times annually.
Taxes are due in full for that tax year.
Taxes are due in the jurisdiction where the repair transaction is performed.
Taxes are due no later than the last day of the month immediately following the end of each quarter.
Taxes are due on or before the date the federal return is required to be filed.
Taxes are due on the difference between the investment's cost basis and the sale price.
Taxes are due on tobacco products sold in the county during the calendar month.
Taxes are due only when distributions are made from the contract.
Taxes are due only when funds are withdrawn.
Taxes are due upon receipt of statement.
Taxes are due upon receipt of the statement.
Taxes are due upon receipt.
Taxes are due upon renewal or registration change.
Taxes are due upon withdrawal or distribution.
Taxes are due upon withdrawal.
Taxes are due.
Taxes are easier to do.
Taxes are easy to file.
Taxes are enormous.
Taxes are especially significant.
Taxes are even more so.
Taxes are exorbitant.
Taxes are expensive in that they reduce investment and employment.
Taxes are expensive to collect.
Taxes are expensive.
Taxes are extra in each case.
Taxes are extra where applicable.
Taxes are extra, as are additional charges like local service, phone rentals and features.
Taxes are extra.
Taxes are for defence of liberty from external aggression only.
Taxes are good and tornados and cows like to play together.
Taxes are good for society.
Taxes are hard.
Taxes are high all over the state, and traffic has become bumper to bumper.
Taxes are high enough to be considered investment disincentives.
Taxes are high, and so is public spending.
Taxes are high.
Taxes are higher than they've ever been.
Taxes are higher.
Taxes are in addition to any other state or county tax presently imposed.
Taxes are in addition to quoted room rate.
Taxes are in addition to the program fees.
Taxes are in addition to the specified fares.
Taxes are in line.
Taxes are inevitable.
Taxes are inherently unjust.
Taxes are innate behavioral responses.
Taxes are investments - in our children, in our adults, in our infrastructure and in our economy.
Taxes are just one consideration in running a company.
Taxes are just one part of the story.
Taxes are just one way government decisions cost people money.
Taxes are just part of the cycle of nature.
Taxes are just too high here.
Taxes are largely off the front page.
Taxes are less a factor in charitable giving than once thought.
Taxes are less popular in slow economies.
Taxes are less than half in Colorado than in Jersey.
Taxes are like fungus.
Taxes are low and stable.
Taxes are low, red tape is minimal and government provides strong support to business.
Taxes are low.
Taxes are lower than most areas in the Northeast.
Taxes are lower.
Taxes are minimal, if paid at all.
Taxes are minimal.
Taxes are misspent.
Taxes are much tohigh to deal in half measures.
Taxes are necessary to finance our government, on city, county, state and national levels.
Taxes are necessary.
Taxes are never easy to understand, whether for native or non-native.
Taxes are never fun, but they can be easy.
Taxes are non-homestead.
Taxes are objective reality.
Taxes are on a par with surrounding communities.
Taxes are on the mind of nearly every politically active American right now.
Taxes are on the way down.
Taxes are one input in our decision.
Taxes are one of the most dreaded things for people around the world.
Taxes are one of the most important economic weapons a government has.
Taxes are one of the most powerful instruments of change.
Taxes are one of the most powerful tools governments can use for guiding their economies.
Taxes are one of the most significant costs of investing in mutual funds.
Taxes are one of two guarantees in life.
Taxes are one reason couples feel pressure for a second income.
Taxes are one source.
Taxes are only due when assets are ultimately withdrawn from the plan.
Taxes are only one contributing factor to a high cost of living or of doing business.
Taxes are only the most visible form of government's burden, however.
Taxes are optional.
Taxes are out of hand.
Taxes are part of the reason for the drop.
Taxes are past due on the first day of the fifth month after registration.
Taxes are payable in two installments.
Taxes are precisely the problem.
Taxes are pretty nasty.
Taxes are proportional to total income, and they are redistributed as equal lump-sum transfers.
Taxes are proportionate to the result for the period.
Taxes are punitive, and corruption adds to the burden.
Taxes are quite different.
Taxes are re-allocation of economic resources.
Taxes are reasonable and stable and the zoning and permitting process is uncomplicated.
Taxes are reasonable, ensuring that business contributions to tax revenues are balanced.
Taxes are reimbursable outside of the lodging room rate.
Taxes are relevant and certain.
Taxes are required payments of money to the government.
Taxes are responsibility of winner.
Taxes are responsibility of winners.
Taxes are revenue enhancements or user fees.
Taxes are ridiculous.
Taxes are separate.
Taxes are simply monies stolen from the people by force.
Taxes are sole responsibility of winner.
Taxes are solely the responsibility of winner.
Taxes are something of a sideshow.
Taxes are still higher than here.
Taxes are still necessary, of course, because, in an imperfect world, government is necessary.
Taxes are still too high, limiting our personal freedom.
Taxes are subject to change without notice .
Taxes are subject to change without notice.
Taxes are subject to change without prior notice.
Taxes are subject to change.
Taxes are taxes.
Taxes are terribly steep.
Taxes are the amount the government takes away from a company s profit.
Taxes are the arterial sclerosis of the economy.
Taxes are the basic source of revenue to the government.
Taxes are the biggest obstacle to doing business in Germany, according to one consultant.
Taxes are the business of the tax assessor's office.
Taxes are the economic basis of the government machinery and of nothing else.
Taxes are the fuel that drive big government.
Taxes are the highest or second highest cost of producing throughout the state.
Taxes are the income the government receives from households and business firms.
Taxes are the income the government receives from households and firms.
Taxes are the main means of the budget.
Taxes are the main source of revenues.
Taxes are the main sources of the state's funds.
Taxes are the noticeable killer in our local economy.
Taxes are the opiate of the politicians.
Taxes are the prize winner's responsibility.
Taxes are the product of innovation, entrepreneurship, labor, blood, sweat and tears.
Taxes are the regular taxes applicable to purchases in Canada.
Taxes are the responsibility of each winner.
Taxes are the responsibility of the purchaser.
Taxes are the responsibility of the recipient.
Taxes are the responsibility of the winner.
Taxes are the responsibility of the winners.
Taxes are the responsibility of winner.
Taxes are the responsibility of winners.
Taxes are the responsiblity of the winner.
Taxes are the second component of gasoline prices.
Taxes are the sole responsibility of each winner.
Taxes are the sole responsibility of prize winner.
Taxes are the sole responsibility of the individual winners.
Taxes are the sole responsibility of the participants.
Taxes are the sole responsibility of the prize check winners.
Taxes are the sole responsibility of the prize winner.
Taxes are the sole responsibility of the prizewinners.
Taxes are the sole responsibility of the recipient.
Taxes are the sole responsibility of the winner.
Taxes are the sole responsibility of the winners.
Taxes are the sole responsibility of winner.
Taxes are the sole responsibility of winners.
Taxes are the winner's or legal guardian's responsibility.
Taxes are the winner's responsibility.
Taxes are theft.
Taxes are third or fourth on the list.
Taxes are to be as limited as possible for all of the above stated reasons.
Taxes are to be paid.
Taxes are to be used for sports or community venue projects.
Taxes are to governments what cap nip is to felines.
Taxes are too high and government is too involved in our personal economic and business decisions.
Taxes are too high and public services all too often inadequate.
Taxes are too high in Mississippi.
Taxes are too high, especially on the federal level.
Taxes are too high, in fact, they are at the highest level in our nation's peacetime history.
Taxes are too high, period.
Taxes are too high.
Taxes are too low.
Taxes are truly the food that provides sustenance to the predator state.
Taxes are twice as high and condo fees can be out of sight.
Taxes are unavoidable.
Taxes are unethical and immoral.
Taxes are up and employment is way down.
Taxes are up on marriage, mortgages, personal pensions and petrol.
Taxes are user fees.
Taxes are usually due when the bond is cashed or reaches final maturity.
Taxes are very low in Korea.
Taxes are very low.
Taxes are very reasonable.
Taxes are virtually nonexistent.
Taxes are way too high for small businesses.
Taxes are way too high.
Taxes are winners responsibility.
Taxes are winners' responsibility.
Taxes are winner's responsibility.
Taxes based on the land value and previously existing improvements continue to be collected.
Taxes be a consideration.
Taxes become a lien.
Taxes become delinquent after the ten-day grace period.
Taxes become due when the taxpayer receives a bill.
Taxes beget complexity and complexity begets unhappiness.
Taxes can also affect our ability to give to others.
Taxes can also become a consideration.
Taxes can and usually do go up, as does insurance and other costs.
Taxes can be a headache when tax authorities come calling.
Taxes can be an extreme burden for startups.
Taxes can be either flat dollar amounts or percentage taxes.
Taxes can be expensive.
Taxes can be quite dramatic on assets that have a low basis.
Taxes can be tricky, too.
Taxes can be very confusing.
Taxes can become an intolerable burden when sinners are in command.
Taxes can constrict economic activity, leaving less profit and income to tax.
Taxes can make it real hard for hardworking families to get ahead.
Taxes can often spell trouble for small businesses.
Taxes can provide another motive.
Taxes can take a further bite out of returns.
Taxes can vary even within the same destination area.
Taxes can vary greatly within a given state.
Taxes can vary with wholesale prices.
Taxes cause people and firms to change their behavior.
Taxes cause the biggest hit.
Taxes change the ways people invest and earn their livings.
Taxes Check out the various communities for differences in taxes.
Taxes Choose a tax calculator.
Taxes clearly have effects beyond the simple transfer of assets.
Taxes Click here and scroll down to select a subject.
Taxes collected by the state and the city are sizeable.
Taxes collected is the product of the tax rate multiplied by the tax base.
Taxes come from all levels of government and in a surprising variety of forms.
Taxes come from the township.
Taxes come in all shapes and sizes.
Taxes come into the equation, both property and income.
Taxes come out of homeowners' pockets.
Taxes Comply with the myriad of tax filing requirements.
Taxes compose the single largest budget item for most American families.
Taxes constitute lien on property .
Taxes constitute lien on property.
Taxes consume more of a working person s income than anytime in history.
Taxes continue to go up.
Taxes continue to soar to pay for the war.
Taxes cost American families thousands of dollars a year.
Taxes cost more than housing, food and clothes combined.
Taxes cost more than housing, transportation, food, or clothing.
Taxes cost people .
Taxes cost people.
Taxes create a demand for money, and government spending provides the supply.
Taxes depend on how much the lots originally cost.
Taxes destroy wealth because they deter some wealth creating transactions from taking place.
Taxes didn t go up last year as a result.
Taxes directly affect every aspect of the sport of paintball .
Taxes directly affect the bottom line of every business.
Taxes do affect behaviour and tax increases can curb investment.
Taxes do affect spending.
Taxes do seem to be an unavoidable fact of life, as well as death.
Taxes dominate last gubernatorial debate.
Taxes drain tokens, issued as the govt already spent.
Taxes eat a big chunk of a withdrawal.
Taxes eat up almost half of one's hard earned income.
Taxes effect the return.
Taxes erode the value of most investments.
Taxes essentially shift the price curve upward resulting in a reduction of the quantity demanded.
Taxes Even paradise has taxes.
Taxes exist for a reason.
Taxes Explain the tax implications of financial decisions.
Taxes fall and low-income assistance spending rises during recessions.
Taxes fall due at the worst times.
Taxes finance unemployment benefits and government consumption.
Taxes form a massive incentive system shaping all measured economic activities.
Taxes fund just about everything that makes our society run.
Taxes generated by the increased property values pay for land acquisition or needed public works.
Taxes Get help with tax preparation.
Taxes Get information on tax regulations.
Taxes Get the latest news on area tax controversies.
Taxes go to things like schools.
Taxes go up or down every year.
Taxes go up when public property has to be repaired or replaced.
Taxes go up.
Taxes Grow Slowly.
Taxes have a certain cost to the firm but uncertain effect on abatement.
Taxes have a significant impact on tax-deferred withdrawals.
Taxes have certain priority by law in the distribution of bankruptcy assets.
Taxes have their own language.
Taxes have to be done.
Taxes have to be payed.
Taxes have to be raised, benefits for current retirees and older workers cut, or both.
Taxes have to be used responsibly.
Taxes help pay for research, after all.
Taxes Here are just a few of the many sites to be found on the WEB about taxes.
Taxes here are much lower than in California or North Carolina.
Taxes hurt less fortunate members of our society.
Taxes hurt the environment.
Taxes Identify taxes applicable to the child care industry.
Taxes imposed upon death provide incentive to transfer assets before death.
Taxes Includes links to the U.S. Tax Code, as well as advice and interpretation for individuals.
Taxes increase as farms turn into suburbs.
Taxes increase each time the player adds to their factory, their storage space, the workforce, etc.
Taxes increase or decrease as real GDP changes.
Taxes increase the prices of certain goods and services, thereby decreasing the quantity demanded.
Taxes inundate shipping companies in Tanzania. .
Taxes inundate shipping companies in Tanzania.
Taxes involve family, money, business.
Taxes involve giving thousands of dollars to the government.
Taxes is a comprehensive directory of public, private, and nonprofit tax links.
Taxes is another.
Taxes is only the first.
Taxes is taxes.
Taxes is where the municipal corporations get their money from to fix problems in their cities .
Taxes is where the municipal corporations get their money from to fix problems in their cities.
Taxes keep going up and services keep getting stretched.
Taxes keep poor people poor .
Taxes Keep records.
Taxes kill sales.
Taxes levied by counties, cities, asn special districts complete their final property tax bill.
Taxes links Republican ideas to reform taxes.
Taxes lower our incentive to work just like a reduction in pay, since that is exactly what they are.
Taxes maintain the government, which is a totally different thing from the country.
Taxes make a big difference.
Taxes make infrastructure and services possible such as roads, schools, and police protection.
Taxes make it extremely difficult for the poor to start businesses.
Taxes make most people cry.
Taxes make people a slave of the state.
Taxes make the difference.
Taxes make up another significant portion of the price of gasoline.
Taxes make up more than half the price consumers are charged for most liquor.
Taxes matter little because they constitute such a small part of businesses' costs.
Taxes mean money and money means power.
Taxes move behavior away from productivity, toward wastefulness.
Taxes never are.
Taxes now take nearly one-half of our incomes.
Taxes Obtain necessary forms and plan in advance to meet tax requirements.
Taxes only destroy money.
Taxes owing includes the tax as well as interest and penalties.
Taxes paid by check are subject to collection.
Taxes paid by subsidiaries constitute a credit to the parent company tax bill.
Taxes paid by subsidiaries constitute a credit to theparent company tax bill.
Taxes paid by the Oklahoma natural gas industry provides for the Oklahoma teacher retirement system.
Taxes paid by the vessels represent an important source of income for the Egyptian government.
Taxes paid by tourists help local governments fund education, health care, and other services.
Taxes paid in Sweden are a tax credit, offsetting taxes payable in Norway.
Taxes paid on capital gains prove to be disincentives for agricultural producers.
Taxes paid on gasoline for aircraft and aircraft servicing equipment uses are subject to refund.
Taxes pass through to the principals and the company's earnings are only taxed on one level.
Taxes pay for airport and hotel taxes.
Taxes pay for everything moron.
Taxes pay for local government services.
Taxes pay for the work of the fire department.
Taxes pay the rest.
Taxes promise to be a big talking point for both sides.
Taxes provide community services such as schools, public libraries, and post offices.
Taxes provide opportunities.
Taxes raise costs and reduce supply.
Taxes Read the latest news or browse corporate and industry profiles.
Taxes reduce the rate of return, and they do so to different degrees for different assets.
Taxes refer to property taxes and insurance is self explanatory.
Taxes regularly take enormous bites out of otherwise bountiful estates.
Taxes related to the prize are the responsibility of the winner.
Taxes remain an important issue at both the state and federal races.
Taxes remain lien on property sold under distress.
Taxes remain low, regulations minimal, and spending restrained.
Taxes represent a larger share of the economy than ever before.
Taxes represent a larger share of the U.S. economy than ever before.
Taxes represent a lien on realized gains, a cost of winning.
Taxes represent government claims on private property.
Taxes require the appropriation of property without the owner's consent.
Taxes reveal either the character the society has, or the character it wants to have.
Taxes rise and low-income assistance spending falls during periods of rapid growth.
Taxes rob the individual of choice.
Taxes secured by a valid tax lien are a priority claim and likely to be paid.
Taxes seem inevitable.
Taxes seem to always be increasing.
Taxes serve two purposes.
Taxes sever the link between costs and benefits.
Taxes still go up.
Taxes suddenly seem even less important.
Taxes Take advantage of new electronic filing services now being provided in many states .
Taxes take biggest bite out of family budget.
Taxes take bite out of work day.
Taxes take choice away from individuals and give it to politicians and bureaucrats.
Taxes take more out of a family's budget than the cost of food, clothing and shelter combined.
Taxes take precedence over all other liens.
Taxes Takes visitors through the tax maze.
Taxes There are several issues involved in taxes.
Taxes There are two taxes to be concerned with in London.
Taxes There is no provincial sales tax in the Northwest Territories.
Taxes There is no state property tax.
Taxes thus diminish personal freedom.
Taxes vary by location but they are the same for all providers.
Taxes vary by state, and are determined based on the location where the workshop takes place.
Taxes vary depending upon origin of guest.
Taxes vary more from place to place and country to country.
Taxes vary slightly and all public facilities are open to state residents and non-residents alike.
Taxes vary widely from town to town and from region to region.
Taxes Whining about taxes dates back to the Stamp Act, but sometimes our complaints are misplaced.
Taxes Withholding tax applies on payments to non-residents for services rendered in Canada.
Taxes always change the distribution of emphasis and investment and activity in a company.
Taxes often have that effect on lower-performing investments like savings accounts and CDs.
Taxes usually increase along with the assessments, subject to certain exemptions.
Taxes usually relate to services provided by the town, as well as the tax structure of the state.
Taxes usually relate to services provided by the town.
All taxes are additional.
All taxes are balanced and then spread to the various taxing districts within the county.
All taxes are distortionary.
All taxes are due in the year conversions are made.
All taxes are exclusivelj' church taxes.
All taxes are extra.
All taxes are in the form of use taxes and sales taxes only.
All taxes are inclusive in the above package.
All taxes are responsibility of the winner.
All taxes are rortable.
All taxes are solely the responsibility of each prizewinner.
All taxes are solely the responsibility of winner.
All taxes are solely winner s responsibility.
All taxes are the full responsibility of the winner.
All taxes are the obligation of the customer.
All taxes are the prize winner's responsibility.
All taxes are the responsibilities of the winners.
All taxes are the responsibility of contest winners.
All taxes are the responsibility of the individual winner.
All taxes are the responsibility of the prize winner.
All taxes are the responsibility of the winner.
All taxes are the responsibility of the winners.
All taxes are the responsibility of winner.
All taxes are the responsibility of winners.
All taxes are the sole responsibility of the prize winner.
All taxes are the sole responsibility of the prize winners.
All taxes are the sole responsibility of the prizewinner.
All taxes are the sole responsibility of the winner.
All taxes are the sole responsibility of the winners.
All taxes are the sole responsibility of winner, if applicable.
All taxes are the sole responsibility of winner.
All taxes are the sole responsibility of Winner.
All taxes are the sole responsibility of winners.
All taxes are the winner's responsibility.
All taxes are to be sole responsibility of the winner.
All taxes are too high.
All taxes are unfair and unjust, but moderately progressive taxes are less unfair.
All taxes are winner's responsibility.
All taxes associated with receipt of the prize are the sole responsibility of the winner.
All taxes associated with the receipt of any prizes are the sole responsibility of the winner.
All taxes associated with the receipt or use of any prize are the sole responsibility of the winner.
All taxes bear interest from the date on which they become due at the rate of six per cent per year.
All taxes become liability of the winner.
All taxes change the price of economic activities.
All taxes distort behavior and reduce economic efficiency to some extent.
All taxes go directly to the homeowner.
All taxes go to Mexico City which disburses it back to the provinces.
All taxes go to the general fund.
All taxes have a regulatory effect to some degree.
All taxes impose a cost on the economy over and above the amount of actual revenue collected.
All taxes impose burdens, and the estate tax is no exception.
All taxes impose two kinds of burden in addition to the actual tax itself.
All taxes reduce economic growth.
All taxes related to prizes are the responsibility of the winner.
All taxes transfer resources from the private sector to the public sector.
Any taxes are additional.
Any taxes are the responsibility of the prize winner.
Any taxes are the responsibility of the winner.
Any taxes are the responsibility of the winners.
Any taxes are the sole responsibility of the winner.
Any taxes are the sole responsibility of winner.
Any taxes associated with winnings are the sole responsibility of the individual.
Any taxes imposed on the prize are the sole responsibility of the winner.
Any taxes incurred are the sole responsibility of the winner.
More taxes are always the answer to government mismanagement.
Most taxes owed are generally payroll taxes.
Some taxes are based on how much money a person earns.
Some taxes are deductible.
Some taxes are fairer than others.
Some taxes are less apparent to the taxpayer than income and payroll taxes.
Some taxes are worse than others but few libertarians approve of any tax.
A taxiway is a paved surface
Taxiways also have erosion control pavement on each side.
Taxiways are for taxiing, runways are for taking off and landing.
Taxiways are located in airports.
Taxiways are located in cities.
Taxiways are paved surfaces.
Taxiways are roadways.
Taxiways are used for airplanes.
Taxiways are used for planes.
Taxiways cross maintenance avbl.
All taxiways are independent of and removed from street and hazards.
A taxman is an official
TaxMan adds search features specific to that field and acquires and updates pages automatically.
Taxodont dentition refers to numerous teeth that lie parallel to one another.
Taxon samples have results.
Most taxon samples have results.
Taxon isa group.
Any taxon is listed if and only if it contains at least one spice plant.
A taxonomic category is a group
Taxonomic categories are blurred during times representing the branching points of the tree of life.
Taxonomic categories are genus, current species, and original species name, respectively.
Taxonomic changes can even give rise to divergences between languages.
More taxonomic changes are likely.
Taxonomic classes are concepts.
Taxonomic classes provide the basic sets of soil properties with which soil map units are defined.
Taxonomic classification is based on homologies.
Taxonomic classification varies between references.
Taxonomic descriptions include information.
Taxonomic emphasis is on green plants.
Taxonomic entries are under Latin names, with common names in parenthesis, and cross-referenced.
Taxonomic features use in classifications.
Most taxonomic features use in classifications.
A taxonomic group is a group
Taxonomic groups range from monocots to the Asteraceae.
Taxonomic keys are used to help identify unknown organisms.
Taxonomic keys provide readers with guides for distinguishing species.
Taxonomic nomenclature involves the naming of taxa.
Taxonomic range covers mammals, amphibians, fish and insects.
Taxonomic research covers species in South East Asia and the South Pacific.
Taxonomic resolution is obtained from the ground through expeditions by car, foot and camel.
Taxonomic schemata are largely uncontroversial.
Taxonomic stability is ignorance.
Taxonomic status is uncertain.
Taxonomic studies are of crucial importance to understanding biodiversity .
Taxonomic synonyms arise whenever the same taxon is described and named more than once.
Taxonomic systems are based on similar characteristics or increasingly on DNA analysis.
Taxonomic systems depend on identifying the horizons or layers exposed in a soil profile.
Taxonomic work involves considerable literature research, in English as well as other languages.
Taxonomic work is needed to clarify the range of the various subspecies.
More taxonomic work is needed.
More taxonomic work is warranted.
A taxonomist is a biologist
Taxonomists are biologists who classify organisms.
Taxonomists are biologists.
Taxonomists are diverse.
Taxonomists are the ones who decide which species are related to which.
Taxonomists carry out reclassification by using physical specimens.
Taxonomists decide how newly discovered organisms are classified and named.
Taxonomists describe the new specimen and decide how it relates to other known species.
Taxonomists divide the animal kingdom into between twenty and thirty phyla.
Taxonomists have to accept diversity of opinion as a fact of life.
Taxonomists identify unknown insects for themselves and for other researchers.
Taxonomists like to think about evolutionary relationships .
Taxonomists now classify muskoxen with the sheep and goats.
Taxonomists recognize seven races.
Taxonomists recognize up to eight species of burdock.
Taxonomists replace once-accepted names for a variety of reasons.
Taxonomists require good powers of observation and usually have skills in computing.
Taxonomists think carefully before making changes, e.g., uniting two genera into one.
Taxonomists work in mysterious ways.
Some taxonomists classify only two species though.
Taxonomies are an important part of the contemporary knowledge management and search services scene.
Taxonomies mitigate against the complexities of representation in information retrieval.
Taxonomies show there is a hierarchical relationship by inference.
Taxonomies transform an abstract, unfamiliar concept into a concrete, well-defined idea.
Taxonomy also involves naming organisms.
Taxonomy can be very confusing and is debated by archaeologists.
Taxonomy comes from the mycobiont .
Taxonomy Describe the catalogue of diversity.
Taxonomy highlights our biological history.
Taxonomy involves the classification of living things.
Taxonomy is a categorization method.
Taxonomy is a dry and forbidding term, but the act itself can prove fruitful.
Taxonomy is a fundamental discipline in the science of biodiversity.
Taxonomy is a hierarchical system for classifying and identifying organisms.
Taxonomy is a hierarchy
Taxonomy is a remarkably complex, fluid science.
Taxonomy is a system for classifying living things on our planet.
Taxonomy is a system used to make things easier for biologists.
Taxonomy is about the groups that different kinds of living organisms fall into.
Taxonomy is all about identification and recognition.
Taxonomy is also necessary for the modern science.
Taxonomy is an anthropocentric discipline anyway.
Taxonomy is an attempt to categorize plant genetic relationships.
Taxonomy is an inexact science, there is debate over how to divide living organisms into species.
Taxonomy is at the same time the most basic and the most derived or synthetic field of biology.
Taxonomy is based on a variety of characteristics in the appearance of the wall.
Taxonomy is categorizations.
Taxonomy is concerned with nomenclature, the assignment of names to organisms.
Taxonomy is disputed.
Taxonomy is essentially the recognition of different organism and their separation into groups.
Taxonomy is hierarchies.
Taxonomy is merely man s method of classifying critters.
Taxonomy is one of the three branches of Systematics .
Taxonomy is our friend.
Taxonomy is probably the oldest science - plants classified as poisonous vs. edible.
Taxonomy is simply the name for the practice of classifying organisms.
Taxonomy is still awash with amateurs.
Taxonomy is the basis of the organization of material culture remains.
Taxonomy is the biological discipline of identifying and classifying organisms.
Taxonomy is the branch of biology concerned with naming and classifying organisms.
Taxonomy is the branch of biology concerned with naming and classifying the diverse forms of life.
Taxonomy is the branch of biology that names and classifies all living things.
Taxonomy is the classification of organisms.
Taxonomy is the division of biology concerned with the classification and naming of organisms.
Taxonomy is the naming of biological groups.
Taxonomy is the organization of a particular set of information for a particular purpose.
Taxonomy is the organization of different organisms to show their relationships.
Taxonomy is the practice of classifying and naming living organisms.
Taxonomy is the practice of classifying biodiversity, and it has a long and venerable history.
Taxonomy is the practice of classifying living things.
Taxonomy is the rules used to classify and the groups of objects generated.
Taxonomy is the science of classification .
Taxonomy is the science of classification of birds and other animals and plants.
Taxonomy is the science of classifying organisms.
Taxonomy is the science of classifying, naming, and describing organisms.
Taxonomy is the science of describing, naming, and classifying organisms.
Taxonomy is the science of grouping or organizing things.
Taxonomy is the science of identifying, naming, organizing, and classifying organisms.
Taxonomy is the science of naming and classifying organisms.
Taxonomy is the science of naming and classifying the diversity of organisms.
Taxonomy is the science of the classification of both plants and animals.
Taxonomy is the science of the classification of organisms.
Taxonomy is the scientific art of classifying living things.
Taxonomy is the scientific study of how living things are classified.
Taxonomy is the study of classification and comes from the Greek word taxos meaning order.
Taxonomy is the study of classification of organisms.
Taxonomy is the study of classifying organisms into groups based on structure and function.
Taxonomy is the study of naming and classifying animals.
Taxonomy is the study of theoretical classification.
Taxonomy is the theory and practice of classifying organisms.
Taxonomy is the way that scientists name animals.
Taxonomy isa hierarchy.
Taxonomy means giving names to things.
Taxonomy plays an important role in land use and development.
Taxonomy presents challenges to common database systems.
Taxonomy provides a vivid picture of the existing organic diversity of the earth.
Taxonomy provides much of the information permitting a reconstruction of the phylogeny of life.
Taxonomy refers to forming groups.
Taxonomy refers to the assignment of scientific names to groups of organisms.
Taxonomy reflects and proves the ideology that founds it.
Taxonomy remains an area of interest as it has for several decades.
Taxonomy represents concepts where axioms are established rules and principles for the concepts.
Taxonomy reveals numerous interesting evolutionary events.
Taxonomy reveals numerous interesting evolutionary phenomena.
Taxonomy shows biological relationships among species.
Taxonomy thus provides a common language for all scientists working in the discipline of biology.
Taxpayer money is easy to come by and easy to divert toward their favorite things.
More taxpayer money needs to go to the product instead of services to get it.
A taxpayer is a person
Taxpayer also contends that the department's notice to the licensing board is insufficient.
Taxpayer also provides other related services for a flat-rate monthly fee.
Taxpayer also raises two constitutional challenges to the tax.
Taxpayer also sells modular walk-in coolers to both restaurants and supermarkets.
Taxpayer assists the businesses in the preparation of advertising material.
Taxpayer can come forward anonymously.
Taxpayer can manage the property, make improvements or provide other services.
Taxpayer claims the property is exempt as part of the aircraft.
Taxpayer collects sales tax on the finished product.
Taxpayer contends that the rules governing deductions are unfair.
Taxpayer disagrees with the assessment Treat the response as a protest.
Taxpayer doing business in Illinois and having nexus is required to register and file tax returns.
Taxpayer errs on two grounds.
Taxpayer finds another property that fits their needs.
Taxpayer has assets sufficient to satisfy the tax liability.
Taxpayer has burden of proving compliance with above.
Taxpayer has no wherewithal to pay.
Taxpayer imposes an access charge and a time charge.
Taxpayer is a for profit corporation that provides . . .
Taxpayer is a foreign corporation with a U.S. trade or business.
Taxpayer is a U.S. citizen or a resident alien during the entire tax year.
Taxpayer is domiciled outside the state of Missouri.
Taxpayer is entitled to claim that child as a dependent.
Taxpayer is entitled to judgment awarding the refund in question.
Taxpayer is uncertain about the type of entity being established.
Taxpayer maintains that a single structure is subject to a single assessment.
Taxpayer offers subscribers unlimited use of the Internet for a monthly fee.
Taxpayer owns and operates a commercial office building in California.
Taxpayer produces animal food products from meat and poultry waste products.
Taxpayer purchases electricity to power the pumping stations which pressurize the water.
Taxpayer raises several issues on appeal.
Taxpayer remains in same tax bracket in the year following the gift year.
Taxpayer speaks out in dramatic production.
Taxpayer then sells the pressurized water.
Taxpayers allocate income using a three-factor allocation formula.
Taxpayers already fork over income taxes, sales taxes and property taxes to finance schools.
Taxpayers already pay to lure companies here.
Taxpayers also bear the burden of spiraling detention use.
Taxpayers also benefit.
Taxpayers also call seeking assurances or confirmation that staff action is lawful and just.
Taxpayers also can file their returns electronically.
Taxpayers also can prepare returns on their own and use a preparer simply to transmit the return.
Taxpayers also can tap into their other IRAs to pay for qualified higher education expenses.
Taxpayers also deserve more time to develop proposals for the tax board to consider.
Taxpayers also deserve to know more about how school districts are spending their money.
Taxpayers also face heightened risks.
Taxpayers also file an amended return to receive in an early tax return.
Taxpayers also find in challenging to keep track of all the instruction forms.
Taxpayers also find it helpful to keep a separate bank account for business use.
Taxpayers also gain from direct lending.
Taxpayers also have a responsibility in the process.
Taxpayers also have a stake in the strawboard plant.
Taxpayers also pay special federal sin taxes on alcohol, tobacco and gambling.
Taxpayers also pick up some of the bill.
Taxpayers also receive an acknowledgment from the state that their returns have been received.
Taxpayers also save money with lowered costs for care of uninsured injured persons.
Taxpayers also support an inspector general who performs yet another audit.
Taxpayers appeal from the disallowance of items claimed as business expenses.
Taxpayers are always welcome to ask questions and discuss problems.
Taxpayers are at risk in the government's anti-trust wars.
Taxpayers are at risk when agencies refuse to disclose what projects they support.
Taxpayers are aware of what's going on.
Taxpayers are better off with an open, accountable process.
Taxpayers are concerned with the costs of extended days and years.
Taxpayers are due a refund.
Taxpayers are free to use strange marks on their tax returns as their signatures.
Taxpayers are general contractors engaged in the business of building single-family homes.
Taxpayers are guilty until proved innocent.
Taxpayers are in effect making a short-term loan.
Taxpayers are increasingly unhappy about spending tax dollars on developmental education.
Taxpayers are interested in seeing the government save money wherever it can.
Taxpayers are interested parties.
Taxpayers are limited to the maximum exemption on either a public pension or a private pension.
Taxpayers are nonresidents of California.
Taxpayers are now able to calculate their Virginia tax bills on-line as well.
Taxpayers are now vigilant of the performance of educational institutions.
Taxpayers are obedient or beaten, always begging for another scrap.
Taxpayers are Oregon residents.
Taxpayers are partly correct.
Taxpayers are payers.
Taxpayers are required to pay interest on the previously unpaid tax.
Taxpayers are subject to taxation without representation.
Taxpayers are the beneficiaries of the liquor wholesaling system in Michigan.
Taxpayers are the employers who hire school personnel to serve the needs of parents and children.
Taxpayers are the primary caregivers for our kids.
Taxpayers are unlikely to provide much-needed funds given the current climate.
Taxpayers are willing to invest in education programs that work.
Taxpayers argue that the program is an unnecessary subsidy to the livestock industry.
Taxpayers ask if programs are working.
Taxpayers bear the burden of establishing reasonable cause for a waiver of any penalty.
Taxpayers bear the costs of subsidy payments.
Taxpayers benefit because financial resources and instructional services are used efficiently.
Taxpayers benefit because one administration is far more cost effective than two.
Taxpayers benefit because they have a simpler, more efficient and more effective system.
Taxpayers benefit directly also, as electronic filing has a much lower error rate than paper filing.
Taxpayers benefit from efficient and effective sampling in sales and use tax audits.
Taxpayers benefit from lower government operating costs.
Taxpayers benefit from reduced welfare roles.
Taxpayers benefit through a reduction in the expense of operating a prison health care system.
Taxpayers benefit when previously unemployed people with disabilities pay income taxes.
Taxpayers calculate their taxes on the site and, if they owe more, can pay by credit card.
Taxpayers can also authorize direct deposits or debits when filing by phone.
Taxpayers can also choose to work through their financial institutions.
Taxpayers can also designate the specific size of their contribution.
Taxpayers can also file early and pay later.
Taxpayers can also purchase software from a retailer.
Taxpayers can also update their address during the call.
Taxpayers can amortize home mortgage points.
Taxpayers can and want to handle only so much.
Taxpayers can be subject to hefty penalties for late filing, particularly if they owe taxes.
Taxpayers can browse materials or meet with a volunteer counselor.
Taxpayers can check status on their income tax returns via the Internet at any time.
Taxpayers can choose between three options to suit their needs.
Taxpayers can choose one of three ways to make the data available.
Taxpayers can elect to treat all of their interests in rental real estate as one activity.
Taxpayers can expect a delay of three months to a year before another check is issued.
Taxpayers can expect the exception to be revisited next year.
Taxpayers can expect the first report from their municipalities next summer.
Taxpayers can file an extension request using tax preparation software or through a tax preparer.
Taxpayers can file their returns at any time at no cost.
Taxpayers can forego their right to the above process and await receipt of a deficiency notice.
Taxpayers can further control their destiny by studying the issues and their legislators' positions.
Taxpayers can generally claim either actual automobile expenses or a standard mileage allowance.
Taxpayers can get a copy of their records at no charge.
Taxpayers can get a home equity loan for major purchases, projects or other needs.
Taxpayers can have their refunds deposited directly into savings or checking accounts.
Taxpayers can include a fair internal cost of labor and equipment in their application for credit.
Taxpayers can invest in their family's future or favorite charity.
Taxpayers can make audio recordings of examination interviews provided they give proper notice.
Taxpayers can make credit card payments through tax software or by phone.
Taxpayers can make credit card payments through tax software, by phone, or via the Internet.
Taxpayers can no longer use room counts to calculate their home office deductions.
Taxpayers can now file their tax information with personal computers and tax preparation software.
Taxpayers can now have their tax refunds deposited directly into their checking accounts.
Taxpayers can now prepay their manufactured or mobile home taxes.
Taxpayers can obviously afford paid newspaper advertising during a news blackout.
Taxpayers can only wish.
Taxpayers can receive the tax credit throughout their undergraduate and graduate course of study.
Taxpayers can reduce processing time by using one of the electronic filing options available.
Taxpayers can spread the credit over several years.
Taxpayers can still suffer severe financial losses even when they clearly win a tax dispute.
Taxpayers can submit payment by check, money order or even credit card.
Taxpayers can suffer enormous financial damages even when they win.
Taxpayers can take heart.
Taxpayers can use either the standard deduction or itemized deductions.
Taxpayers can use the cash as they wish.
Taxpayers can use the free trial to do everything except print, view forms and file electronically.
Taxpayers can use the Internet to find forms and advice, and to file, saving time and stress.
Taxpayers can use the new rules immediately for IRAs.
Taxpayers can utilize the larger of their itemized deductions or the standard deduction.
Taxpayers can visit the county's tax department Web site and click the appropriate tax-paying icon.
Taxpayers can withdraw their ruling.
Taxpayers compute the tax both ways and pay the lesser amount.
Taxpayers contend that that rule is overly broad.
Taxpayers control budget, expenditures, and overhead.
Taxpayers cover most of the remaining cost.
Taxpayers currently pick up most of the cost of delivering water to farmers in the west.
Taxpayers deduct credits after computing their tax liability.
Taxpayers demand accurate financial management of their public institutions.
Taxpayers demand and deserve accountability for the money they provide to transportation agencies.
Taxpayers demand better.
Taxpayers demand such fiscal information.
Taxpayers deserve a bigger bang for their buck.
Taxpayers deserve a consistent and fair policy when it involves the survival of their businesses.
Taxpayers deserve a dividend and they deserve to have it now.
Taxpayers deserve a good return on investment, whether through grants, loans or tax breaks.
Taxpayers deserve a government that works better, costs less, and solves problems.
Taxpayers deserve a return on their investment.
Taxpayers deserve a trial by their peers.
Taxpayers deserve an efficient workforce at a reasonable cost.
Taxpayers deserve answers.
Taxpayers deserve better management of existing resources before coughing up additional billions.
Taxpayers deserve fair, courteous treatment.
Taxpayers deserve government that is less burdensome and that's what they're getting.
Taxpayers deserve hard work and common sense from their elected officials.
Taxpayers deserve ready access to the documents they pay to create.
Taxpayers deserve sound management of hard-earned tax dollars that are sent to Sacramento.
Taxpayers deserve that much.
Taxpayers deserve the best.
Taxpayers deserve the highest rate of return possible on tax dollars invested on their behalf.
Taxpayers deserve to know their money is spent wisely.
Taxpayers didn t get a return from the stadium s surging new revenues, either.
Taxpayers end up paying an attorney or agent substantial sums of money to draft proposed findings.
Taxpayers end up paying part of that bill because so many movers are involved.
Taxpayers end up paying the same amount, or more, for a weapon that does less.
Taxpayers evade their legal obligations.
Taxpayers exhaust their patience and their resources simply trying to comply with the law.
Taxpayers expect and deserve nothing less.
Taxpayers expect and deserve to have their education dollars used wisely and efficiently.
Taxpayers expect greater efficiency and responsiveness from government.
Taxpayers expect it and city employees want it.
Taxpayers expect nothing less from their elected representatives at every level of government.
Taxpayers expect sound management of public resources and value for money.
Taxpayers expect their state employees to make a total commitment to the state job.
Taxpayers file separate Arizona income tax returns.
Taxpayers file their tax return by using a touch-tone telephone.
Taxpayers filing late under the self-assessment system render themselves liable for penalties.
Taxpayers first calculate their regular income tax.
Taxpayers first calculate their taxes the normal way.
Taxpayers foot most of the costs for new infrastructure.
Taxpayers foot part of the bill but get no accountability.
Taxpayers foot the bill in keeping with Canada's aboriginal treaty obligations.
Taxpayers fund the work.
Taxpayers generally receive their refunds by paper check or direct deposit within three weeks.
Taxpayers get a less costly program and slower cost growth than the rate of inflation.
Taxpayers get a more efficient government agency.
Taxpayers get a very poor return on investment.
Taxpayers get more efficient services.
Taxpayers go along with generals' daydreams and admirals' fantasies about power and control.
Taxpayers guarantee seat sales.
Taxpayers have a direct interest in how the government helps foster children.
Taxpayers have a lot in common with turtles.
Taxpayers have a right to be angry.
Taxpayers have a right to demand value.
Taxpayers have a right to know how much of our money is being spent every day to buy power.
Taxpayers have a right to know how their money is being spent.
Taxpayers have a right to know the results.
Taxpayers have a say in program when it fails only to take up the slack.
Taxpayers have a stake in the system, too.
Taxpayers have a vested interest, so to speak, in standing up and being counted.
Taxpayers have every right to be upset and angry.
Taxpayers have expectations.
Taxpayers have fond feelings for municipal bonds, especially at tax time.
Taxpayers have limits, too.
Taxpayers have new procedural rights and some of the more egregious abuses have been eliminated.
Taxpayers have new procedural rights, and many of the more egregious abuses have been eliminated.
Taxpayers have no choice.
Taxpayers have no more inalienable right than a U.S. slave had.
Taxpayers have no reason to pay for incumbents' campaigns.
Taxpayers have no such assurances against the forces of big-government.
Taxpayers have no vested right in tax deductions or accounting techniques.
Taxpayers have nobody to blame but themselves, even if they bought into a tax avoidance scheme.
Taxpayers have numerous options available to their defense at the initiation of an audit inquiry.
Taxpayers have one transitional year to adjust existing arrangements.
Taxpayers have several avenues available to get help.
Taxpayers have the burden of auditing government records and appealing from any errors.
Taxpayers have the option of making both payments when the first installment is due.
Taxpayers have the option of paying both installments when the first installment is due.
Taxpayers have the right to appeal tax assessments.
Taxpayers have the right to ask a lot of questions of both levels of government.
Taxpayers have the right to know how and by whom our tax dollars are being spent.
Taxpayers have the right to know how efficiently their dollars are being used.
Taxpayers have the right to know how the recipient governments spend their tax dollars.
Taxpayers have the right to reduce, avoid, or minimize their taxes by legitimate means.
Taxpayers have their opportunity here to make their wishes known about county programs.
Taxpayers have their own household budgets to contend with.
Taxpayers have three years from the original due date to amend a return.
Taxpayers have three years to apply for an adjustment due to damage or destruction.
Taxpayers have to be organized too.
Taxpayers have to decide how to spend their paychecks every week.
Taxpayers have to pay for establishing sewer and water services in newly developed areas.
Taxpayers having to work to subsidize other s foolishness is wrong.
Taxpayers here get their money's worth.
Taxpayers just provide a simplified employee payroll record to our office each quarter.
Taxpayers know how to spend their hard-earned money better than Washington, D.C. does.
Taxpayers know it.
Taxpayers know what they are buying.
Taxpayers lie on taxes to escape the pain of paying extra money to the government.
Taxpayers like to use their previous year's return as a guide for their current year's return.
Taxpayers living outside of a city are subject to county millage and school district millage.
Taxpayers look for results.
Taxpayers lose as well.
Taxpayers lose hundreds of millions of dollars every year.
Taxpayers lose money and irreplaceable wildlands in the deal.
Taxpayers lose money because the government is paying out of both pockets.
Taxpayers love the speed and convenience bank products provide.
Taxpayers make no direct payment to the school.
Taxpayers make three arguments in support of their position.
Taxpayers make up the difference.
Taxpayers make up their own secret PIN number to identify themselves.
Taxpayers never get the opportunity to ascertain whether they are getting the best possible deal.
Taxpayers now get a cut.
Taxpayers now have a variety of options available.
Taxpayers now have more options on the Web.
Taxpayers now have the right to quash a third-party summons in certain circumstances.
Taxpayers obviously can afford to overlook local job candidates.
Taxpayers obviously can afford to pay interest on illegally withheld wages.
Taxpayers ought to be able to read the research that they pay for.
Taxpayers ought to be enraged.
Taxpayers ought to let their state representatives and senators know what they think of it.
Taxpayers owe no one a free or subsidized ride.
Taxpayers particularly ought to like the proposed arrangement.
Taxpayers pay attention when their dollars are used to cover athletic department deficits.
Taxpayers pay for logging road construction, clean-up costs, replanting and administrative expenses.
Taxpayers pay for medical, legal and police expenses.
Taxpayers pay for public parking.
Taxpayers pay for the airports.
Taxpayers pay for the sugar program.
Taxpayers pay income tax on all taxable sources of income, including capital gains.
Taxpayers pay local taxes using one of two options.
Taxpayers pay more and get less.
Taxpayers pay more for costly programs, with no net construction cost savings.
Taxpayers pay rather than users.
Taxpayers pay such a wide variety of taxes at the federal, state, and local levels.
Taxpayers pay tens of millions more in court costs for frivolous lawsuits.
Taxpayers pay the bridge tolls.
Taxpayers pay the price of low wages in subsidized health care, housing and food stamps.
Taxpayers pay the rest.
Taxpayers pay to collect the money they use for political campaigns.
Taxpayers pay to construct public classrooms.
Taxpayers pay twice.
Taxpayers pick up a big chunk of the bill for public universities.
Taxpayers pick up the difference.
Taxpayers pick up the rest of the bill.
Taxpayers provide an incorrect address when they mail their return.
Taxpayers provide food for prisoners, but the guards get the lion's share.
Taxpayers receive a substantial deduction for each dependency exemption.
Taxpayers receive historic deficits and debt.
Taxpayers receive more services.
Taxpayers receive only one tax statement per year.
Taxpayers receive quicker refunds when using non-paper filing programs.
Taxpayers save money in the long run by avoiding the cost of rebuilding.
Taxpayers save money on disposal costs.
Taxpayers save money, too.
Taxpayers say they want a lean, focused government.
Taxpayers seem to agree.
Taxpayers select their own personal identification number for digital signatures.
Taxpayers shoulder about half the cost of military child care.
Taxpayers shoulder the cost of storing the nuclear industry's waste.
Taxpayers still bear all the risk.
Taxpayers subsidize the industry in other ways as well.
Taxpayers suffer, too, as they subsidise the bus company to no defined or measurable end.
Taxpayers support candidates who are willing to demonstrate leadership on issues.
Taxpayers support public entities.
Taxpayers take an enormous loss.
Taxpayers take over responsibility for their waste so they can go on producing more.
Taxpayers then sue for a refund of the unconstitutionally collected taxes.
Taxpayers then use the two forms to compare their liability and pay whichever tax is higher.
Taxpayers think it s beautiful.
Taxpayers transfer assets or income to a trust claiming to be a charitable organization.
Taxpayers treat government like a utility, like the phone company.
Taxpayers ultimately foot the bill.
Taxpayers use care in timing the realization of items of income and expense.
Taxpayers using the simplest return appear to be shifting from phone and paper to computer filings.
Taxpayers win because they have a better understanding and respect of tax law.
Taxpayers win, too.
Taxpayers work hard for the money they earn.
Taxpayers often evade paying taxes in collusion with tax officials.
Taxpayers often have to make up for the lost money by facing higher taxes themselves.
Taxpayers sometimes show their displeasure by paying in pennies.
Taxpayers usually pick up the bill.
All taxpayers are responsible for keeping tax records.
All taxpayers bear the expenses of family breakdown.
All taxpayers can understand it, and all have a stake in it.
All taxpayers deserve the right to fair, impartial, and judicious use of enforcement authority.
All taxpayers have a vested interest in being treated equally in Canada by our medicare system.
All taxpayers have expectations.
All taxpayers have the right to be treated uniformly and with respect for their privacy.
All taxpayers have wage income.
All taxpayers live in a county, a township and a school corporation.
All taxpayers pay a county rate, a township rate and a school corporation rate.
All taxpayers pay taxes in order to finance schools, health care, social services and pensions.
All taxpayers pay the same levy rate.
Any taxpayer can contribute.
Any taxpayer can file an offer in compromise .
Any taxpayer filing a resident or non-resident tax return is eligible to file electronically.
Every taxpayer desires to have tax money purchases last as long as possible.
Every taxpayer ends up paying to treat the illnesses caused by smoking.
Every taxpayer gets exactly the same tax rate reduction.
Every taxpayer has a right to disagree with our valuations.
Every taxpayer has a stake in how well our schools are doing.
Every taxpayer has tax deduction points.
Every taxpayer pays the same rate on equivalent layers of income.
Every taxpayer shares responsibility for maintaining fair and accurate assessment values.
Many taxpayers actually live in fear of an encounter with the agency.
Many taxpayers are afraid to file extensions showing a large balance due.
Many taxpayers are concerned about the economic impacts of the highway.
Many taxpayers are hesitant to file their returns electronically.
Many taxpayers are pleasantly surprised to find that they die within hours.
Many taxpayers attempt to handle their own audit.
Many taxpayers face double taxation, even for migrations with no tax reason.
Many taxpayers fail to file required tax returns for all types of reasons.
Many taxpayers fail to file required tax returns for many reasons.
Many taxpayers fear being audited.
Many taxpayers feel left out, discriminated against and abused.
Many taxpayers go into an audit totally unprepared and hope for the best.
Many taxpayers grossly underestimate the real value of tax deferral.
Many taxpayers have both wholesale and retail aspects to their businesses.
Many taxpayers ignore the opportunity to file an appeal after an audit with which they disagree.
Many taxpayers look forward to their income tax refunds for a splurge.
Many taxpayers mistakenly believe that the notice is a bill.
Many taxpayers mistakenly think the so-called capital gains tax is an extra tax.
Many taxpayers overpay their taxes during the year and come tax time are owed a refund.
Many taxpayers still believe that filing for an extension increases their audit chances.
Many taxpayers take law-related courses for help in their professions or businesses.
Many taxpayers try to write off their entire phone bill.
Many taxpayers wait until the last possible moment to send in their return.
More taxpayers use low-income credit.
Most taxpayers agree to the changes and the audits end at that level.
Most taxpayers are familiar with tax deductions.
Most taxpayers are honest and pay their dues.
Most taxpayers are in the lowest bracket.
Most taxpayers are law-abiding citizens who timely file and pay their taxes.
Most taxpayers associate tax refunds with income tax.
Most taxpayers attempt to minimize taxable income for tax purposes.
Most taxpayers can also file from a home computer.
Most taxpayers can claim the refund by filing a state income tax return.
Most taxpayers can claim the sales tax refund by filing a state income tax return.
Most taxpayers can deduct some or all of their contributions.
Most taxpayers claim any tax refund at the time the return is filed.
Most taxpayers do pay what is due.
Most taxpayers file their tax returns and pay what they owe on time.
Most taxpayers have a choice of either taking a standard deduction or itemizing their deductions.
Most taxpayers mail their returns and payments.
Most taxpayers meet their tax obligations thanks to withholding from paychecks.
Most taxpayers provide that assets left at their demise go to their children.
Most taxpayers represent themselves .
Most taxpayers think they can deduct casualty losses only if they suffer catastrophic damages .
Most taxpayers use the cash method of accounting for their personal life.
Most taxpayers withhold money monthly to cover their tax liability.
Some taxpayers also think that educational expenses are always deductible on tax returns.
Some taxpayers are eligible for other exemptions as well.
Some taxpayers are grateful even without a refund.
Some taxpayers are quick to complain when their leaders take trips to the other side of the world.
Some taxpayers can file using the touch-tone keys of a telephone.
Some taxpayers choose to take a single standard deduction rather than numerous itemized deductions.
Some taxpayers choose to take a standard amount instead of itemizing all of their deductions.
Some taxpayers choose to take a standard deduction instead of itemizing all of their deductions.
Some taxpayers file from other addresses than their town of residence.
Some taxpayers find they can pay part or all of their tax bill by putting it on a credit card.
Some taxpayers find they have almost enough deductions to exceed the standard deduction limits.
Some taxpayers have to make interim tax payments during the tax year.
Some taxpayers have to wait even longer.
Some taxpayers never believe that the government uses tax money wisely.
Some taxpayers pay once and some pay twice.
Some taxpayers plan so they can have it both ways.
Some taxpayers prefer that such inquiries be first directed to the tax manager.
Some taxpayers say they'll pay more to build a jail away from the school and the tourist traffic.
Some taxpayers simply refuse to comply.
Some taxpayers withhold too much on purpose.
Taxpayers money is used to provide lots of strictly pro-airport information.
Taylor blues are also abundant in the protected waters while the flounder bite has slowed.
Taylor experience is built of expertise in producing high precision thermometers.
Taylor products exceed the standards for quality required by health departments across the country.
Taylor residents receive discount golfing rates.
Taylor series approaches.
Taylor series are used to find approximate equilibrium values for each.
Taylor series are used to find approximate steady state values for each disequilibrium measure.
Taylor thermometers are the choice of professional chefs worldwide.
Tayra isa mammal.
Tayras are found between central Mexico to tropical southern South America.
Tayras are found in tropical areas and evergreen forests.
Tayras are long, slender animals with an appearance similar to weasels and martens .
Tayras are omnivores, but they hunt, too, and can kill animals larger than themselves.
Tayras are omnivores, meaning that they eat both meat and plant food.
Tayras are solitary diurnal animals, although occasionally active during the evening or at night.
Tayras feed on fruit.
Tayras have (part) brains.
Tayras have (part) breasts.
Tayras have (part) cell membranes.
Tayras have (part) cells.
Tayras have (part) chest cavities.
Tayras have (part) chests.
Tayras have (part) corpi.
Tayras have (part) cytoplasm.
Tayras have (part) ears.
Tayras have (part) faces.
Tayras have (part) heads.
Tayras have (part) nuclei.
Tayras have (part) pedal extremities.
Tayras have (part) piluses.
Tayras have (part) plasma membranes.
Tayras have (part) rib cages.
Tayras have (part) sections.
Tayras have (part) skulls.
Tayras have (part) sterna.
Tayras have (part) vacuoles.
Tayras have (part) vertebrate feet.
Tayras have long claws and pronounced canines.
Tayras have tails.
Tayras look for fruit, small vertebrates, and invertebrates, as well as eggs, lizards and carrion.
Most tayras feed on fruit.
Most tayras have tails.
Some tayras are distinguished by bushy tails.
Some tayras are distinguished by tails.
Some tayras have animals.
Some tayras have chests.
Some tayras have vision.
Tazovsky district has good prospects for hunting and fishing tourism development.
Tc cells release cytotoxins to kill the cell, and move on.
All TCBC friends welcome.
TCG member theatres current on their dues payments.
A tchotchke is a collectable
Tchotchkes are available in four distinctively different themes in a variety of colors and fabrics.
TDS readings tend to decrease in the winter months due to heightened water discharge.
TDS solutions are very simple to use and yet allow large-scale network management.
TE buffer interferes with the laser scanning process.
A te is a syllable
Te agradecemos mucho esta visita.
Te amo .
Te amo, mi passer.
Te ano is a much-loved traditional ball game reminiscent of volleyball.
Te are non-higroscopic and good enough for mechanical treatment without any cleavage.
Te aseguro que . . . . .
Te asustas del muerto y te cobijas con la mortaja.
Te audire no possum.
Te audire non possum.
Te ayudamos a aprobar el carnet de conducir.
Te ayudamos a conseguir el dinero que necesitas.
Te ayudamos a conseguir res.
Te ayudamos a cuidar tu dinero.
Te bach to follow.
Te bie bao dao.
Te boki n reirei te ware-boki.
Te boki n reirei.
Te boki ni wareware.
Te bunnys lieh oor lurg hoght.
Te casas conmigo.
Te cologne Few swell some captain around all rail so many manager was little finger.
Te compr una manta nueva.
Te corda nostra somnient, te per soporem sentiant.
Te dar a mi alma.
Te deseamos mucha suerte.
Te deseo la mejor de suerte en todo.
Te deum laudamus . . .
Te deum laudamus et deux preludes.
Te deum laudamus.
Te deum Ringing from scout camp, highway, and steamer, Without birth, death, poem title or picture.
Te develops young student's interests in the field of education.
Te digo que como los puertorriquenos no hay otras personas.
Te dire donde puedes encontrar lo que buscas en Internet.
Te disgusta disgustas este libro.
Te echo de menos.
Te ekk r ederim, iyiyim.
Te ekk r ederim.
Te ekk r ederiz.
Te enage pregnancy in industrialized countries.
Te encanta el f tbol.
Te enchilaste .
Te enviamos un beso y un abrazo y esperamos verte muy pronto.
Te enviaremos un e-mail con tus datos de acceso.
Te ergo quaesumus, tuis famulis subveni.
Te escribo en espa ol.
Te espero hasta las seis.
Te estare eternamente agradecido.
Te exorto a que continues creando cosas hermosas como las que has logrado hasta el momento.
Te gaame rakkhanti.
Te ghosoinch korun ratian konsolltat.
Te gloriosus Apostolorum chorus.
Te gusta .
Te gusta gustan las pinturas.
Te has a square court and large garden on the east side.
Te has at.no.
Te humiles famuli modulis vennerando piis.
Te interesa viajar de forma diferente.
Te intreaba si socoate.
Te invocamus te adoramus.
Te is a song of joy and praise, the tempo and the tone are appropriate.
Te is added to steel to modify sulfide type inclusion size, morphology and distribution.
Te is also full of experiences in life.
Te is is bad.
Te is on the end to signify that it is of the hand.
Te is studied, as a function of original doping level and of the concentration of mercury.
Te is the collapse.
Te is the power of change as it strives towards balance.
Te iskaha kolata.
Te koop aangeboden.
Te lapa bursts to starboard - Flashing green underwater lights.
Te mando un beso y que pases una buena noche.
Te martyrum candidatus laudat exercitus.
Te matare aplastandote con mis pesados y poderosos cojones, serrano de mierda.
Te means virtue.
Te monotonic absorption of RF power can be associated with resonance excitation of phonons.
Te muestras llena de serenidad en medio de nosotros.
Te mwen di w osi, mwen ple epi manye se moun la ka fe kampain-la.
Te n chrnti te tu trnti .
Te pedir n que completes un cuestionario.
Te ponemos tu anuncio.
Te prate patth .
Te precor dulcissime supplex.
Te prometen cualquier cosa, pero siempre se olvidan.
Te quiero preciosa.
Te quiero y te extra o mucho hermana.
Te quiero, te adoro mi amor.
Te rauchi implemented policies that targeted all forms of organized opposition.
Te recomiendo escuches alguno de los fragmentos de canciones que ofrece en su p gina.
Te recordamos que puedes cambiar de modalidad en cualquier momento.
Te refusal to face or accept the true nature of a threat.
Te reiras un rato seguro.
Te schendig in nood.
Te seguire cada dia de mi vida.
Te sentir s animado, optimista y con ganas de ver a tus amigos.
Te somnia nostra reducunt.
TE starts with the scientific picture and tries to accommodate the Biblical facts to it.
Te test statistically based hypotheses.
Te tiaokurebe ni Kiribati.
Te traere otra despues.
Te tratar como una reina .
Te vagy a .
Te valleys low, . . . On whose fresh lap the swart-star sparely looks.
Te vamos a dar algunos consejos.
Te vas guardando la sal.
Te voy a escribir las cartas.
Te voy a visitar .
Te wao tapu nui a Tane.
TEs are for information purposes.
TEs are sequences of DNA that can move from site to site in the genome of an organism.
TEs vary greatly in their areas of expertise.
Most TEs say the account is allegorical.
Tea bags are a product of our everyday life.
Tea bags are bags.
Tea bags are made of tea.
Tea bags are tea.
Tea bags are usually available and hot chocolate sometimes is.
Tea bags are very light - much lighter than hot chocolate.
Tea bags can cure sick building syndrome, say Japanese researchers.
Tea bags come six to a box and are packed in a heat-sealed inner bag for freshness.
Tea bags come two to a package.
Tea bags speak of history, fragility, meditation.
Some tea bags retain water.
Tea bagging is an act of male domination .
Tea bagging is an act of male domination.
Tea bowls are generally free formed by hand as to fit in the hands comfortably.
Tea bowls are symbolically microcosm inside the palm.
A tea break is a snack
Tea breaks are a tradition started about two hundred years ago.
Tea cakes sold by the slice are very appealing.
Tea catechins prevent the development of atherosclerosis in apoprotein E-deficient mice.
Tea ceremony is another traditional culture which is still very popular today.
Tea ceremony is ceremony
Tea ceremony is ceremony.
Tea ceremony make people comfortable.
Tea ceremony utensils.
Tea Clippers Link from above.
A tea cosy is a covering
Tea cosies rule.
Tea cosy covers.
Tea Creek has native brook trout.
Tea culture explains Chinese people's attitudes and customs.
Tea drinking is a customary practice at wedding ceremonies.
Tea drinking is a most subtle art.
Tea drinking is an art form and integral part of the culture in much of Asia.
Tea drinking is one of the oldest known rituals of mankind.
Tea drinking is part of a healthy lifestyle, which includes regular exercise and eating moderately.
Tea estates employ skilled tea makers to oversee the process.
A tea garden is a garden
Tea gardens view.
Tea grades refer to the size of the tea leaf.
Tea green is a light shade of green.
Tea houses are a way of life for almost all trekkers.
Tea houses are favorite meeting spots for discussion groups, mah jong games or just quiet reading.
Tea houses are more limited but equally colorful.
Most tea houses have running water.
Tea kettles are thin because the water inside is all water.
Tea kettles are vessels used to heat water only.
A tea leaf is a herb
Tea leafs are leafs.
Tea leaves are simply steamed soon after harvesting to prevent oxidation.
Tea leaves can be hard to read, especially when they come from a mainland Chinese garden.
Tea leaves contain tannic acid, an astringent that also has some pain-relieving power.
Tea leaves act as an insecticide in the soil.
Tea leaves are boiled up with sweetened condensed milk in large vessels.
Tea leaves contain much tannin.
Tea leaves contain very high amounts.
Tea leaves exposed to oxygen for up to three hours become black tea.
Tea Leaves Think of a question, click on the tea cup and get a dose of inspiration.
Tea leaves vary tremendously in quality due to many factors.
Tea light is candles.
Tea light is included.
Tea lights are like small votives used to warm pots of potpourri and to heat foods.
Tea lights burn inside woven wire baskets.
Tea Olives are found in Chinese mythology.
A tea party is a party
Tea parties are for little kids.
Tea parties are for OLD people.
Tea parties are parties.
Tea parties are so much fun, and they are perfect for some mother daughter bonding.
Tea parties can be memorable and enjoyable for guests and host alike.
Tea party utensils.
Tea plants are bushs.
Tea plants are evergreens.
Tea plants cover the landscape.
Tea plants grow slower at higher altitudes, allowing the leaves to stay succulent and tender.
Tea plants prefer tropical climates with rich, deep soils.
Tea plants thrive in regions.
Tea plants thrive in subtropical regions.
All tea plants belong to the same species but varying climates, soils, etc.
Most tea plants have a flush, or growth, period and a dormant phase.
Most tea plants thrive in regions.
Most tea plants thrive in subtropical regions.
Tea plantations receive a premium meant for the social development of workers.
Tea rituals are a way to express one's appreciation of the natural world.
Tea Room Come enjoy the aroma and atmosphere.
Tea Room Dining Out, write up on our tea room.
Tea Room Have a look at some interesting aspects of life in the univesity.
Tea room makes parties, meetings, and receptions festive events.
Tea room offers lunch, dessert and gourmet coffee.
Tea room overlooks display garden of herbs.
A tea rose is a rose
Tea roses are either bushy plants or climbers.
Tea roses are roses.
Tea roses are very good cutting flowers.
Tea roses do have one drawback their lack of hardiness.
Most Tea roses are vigorous, relatively easy to propagate, and long-lived.
Tea sandwiches are pretty easy to make.
Many tea sandwiches call for coating the bread with softened butter or margarine.
A tea set is tableware
Tea sets are available that contain a tea tin, grater, and compressed brick of tea.
Tea sets come with a free tea sampler.
Tea shops abound in England, Wales, and Scotland, and Britons drink about four cups of tea a day.
Tea shops are found in every city, town, and large village.
Tea shops spread throughout Britain, becoming as much a tradition as tea itself.
Tea shops start springing up instead of coffee shops.
Tea strainers Put the doily on the cookie.
A tea table is a table
Tea Table features intricate Chinese-style fretwork and aprons incorporating the figure of a bird.
Tea tasting is very similar to a wine tasting.
Tea time bear.
Tea time is a gerneration ahead with great improvements.
Tea time is a pleasant way to take a moment and plan the evening activities.
Tea time is also teeth time.
Tea time is over for today.
Tea time provides the ideal space for discussing math in a relaxed atmosphere.
A tea towel is a towel
Tea towels are located in kitchens.
Tea towels are provided along with the bed linen - all guests have to bring are bath towels.
Tea towels are quality linen.
Tea towels blow off rigging.
A tea tray is a tray
Tea trays pervade the corridors going everywhere.
Tea Tree can be effective on pets as well, and is known to kill fleas and ticks.
Tea tree has any beneficial uses and makes a marvelous addition to any first aid kit.
Tea Tree Helps heal skin, helps to maintain fungus-free state, and to speed up tissue healing.
Tea tree is antiviral, antifungal, and antibacterial.
Tea tree is good for acne, burns and blisters.
Tea tree is safe for virtually all skin types.
Tea tree is used as a cleanser and as an antiseptic.
Tea tree is used for a variety of skin disorders, and is used to clean cuts and infected wounds.
Tea tree is useful for the more toxic spider bites or tick bites.
Tea tree is valuable in treating colds, flu, cold sores, warts, acne, and any number of infections.
Tea Tree Supports the immune sytem.
Tea trees grow best with ample supplies of heat and moisture.
Tea Trees shadow the sacred place, as if they want to keep it hidden from the modern world.
Some tea trees have artistic quality.
Some tea trees have quality.
Tea wares consist of mainly teapots, cups, tea bowls and trays etc.
Tea wares exhibits various artistic tea wares.
Tea absorbs into the system quickly, and is the most commonly used method.
Tea actually has more caffeine per cup than coffee.
Tea also contains a diuretic.
Tea also contains fluoride , which can strengthen bones, teeth and enamel.
Tea also contains high levels of cathechin, the same health-promoting substancel found in red wine.
Tea also contains tannin, a good tanning agent.
Tea also contains theophylline, another member of the xanthine family of stimulants.
Tea also contains two other alkaloids, theobromine and theophylline.
Tea also has a long history of medicial use.
Tea also has a relaxing effect on children.
Tea also has a strong antibacterial effect.
Tea also has strong antibacterial effect.
Tea also provides antioxidants just like fruits and vegetables.
Tea also provides iodine and fluoride, lodine plays an important role in preventing hyperthyroidism.
Tea also serves as a good chemical indicator.
Tea also tends to be rich in fluoride, possibly the most well-known tooth strengthener.
Tea also works against heart attacks and strokes.
Tea Apply a moistened tea bag to the cut to soothe and stop the bleeding.
Tea arrives in the late afternoon.
Tea arrives steeping elegantly in the pot, with an extra saucer for the leaf strainer.
Tea based industry occupies an important place.
Tea biscuits too.
Tea brewed with soft water is most palatable.
Tea brings beauty as well as the foreign exchange to the country.
Tea brings the reader fully into the moment.
Tea buys up either seven neither hasten forging.
Tea can be a very healthful drink.
Tea can be more than be a relaxing beverage to drink.
Tea can consist of just about anything that's short of a full meal.
Tea can have other herbs , spices , or fruit flavours in it , like lemon .
Tea can have other herbs, spices, or fruit flavours in it, like lemon.
Tea can inhibit the absorption of iron.
Tea can keep for three days in the refrigerator.
Tea can lower an individual's risk of heart attack.
Tea can make even the most ordinary time a memorable moment.
Tea catches up with coffee in popularity among the English.
Tea clears the palate, aids in digestion, soothes, uplifts, and refreshes.
Tea Click on image for a full-size view.
Tea comes from an evergreen laurel tree.
Tea comes in bags now.
Tea comes in different flavors and qualities.
Tea comes in two forms.
Tea consider beside few bank indeed browsing immunology of asthma.
Tea contains a biography, a filmography, images etc.
Tea contains a group of antioxidant substances called flavonoids.
Tea contains a significant amount of tannic acid.
Tea contains antioxidants, which help fight disease by protecting the body's cells from damage.
Tea contains bioflavonoids, which act as antioxidants.
Tea contains caffeine , a chemical with many effects on the human body.
Tea contains caffeine and other members of the drug family, methyxanthines.
Tea contains caffeine which, when taken in the proper quantity, simulates every organ in the body.
Tea contains caffeine, which is closely related to theophylline, a mild bronchodilator.
Tea contains caffeine.
Tea contains caffeine.
Tea contains compounds.
Tea contains dandelion leaves.
Tea contains fewer miligrams of caffeine per equal-sized cup than does coffee or cocoa.
Tea contains leaves.
Tea contains many of the same compounds that are found in dragon's blood.
Tea contains more caffeine than coffee by dry weight.
Tea contains polyphenols.
Tea contains red raspberry leaf, red clover, nettles and peppermint.
Tea contains small amounts of theobromine and slightly higher levels of theophylline than coffee.
Tea contains substances known as flavanoids.
Tea contains substances.
Tea contains sugar.
Tea contains tannic acid, which absorbs UV rays.
Tea contains tannin, a natural astringent.
Tea contains tannin, which blocks the absorption of iron.
Tea contains the powerful antioxidants known mainly as catechins and flavonoids.
Tea contains the purine alkaloids caffeine, theophylline, and theobromine.
Tea contains toxic compounds.
Tea contains trace minerals and nutrients that are beneficial to the different systems of the body.
Tea contains two other alkaloids, theobromine and theophylline in addition to caffeine.
Tea contains various compounds.
Tea contains vitamins, oils, and fluoride.
Tea contains vitamins, tea derivatives, essential oils, and fluoride.
Tea continues to receive good press overall, lauding the various benefits.
Tea describe Dishes onto mass out many hilary shepard turner movie finally fit over none ear.
Tea detoxifies both the personal body and the social body.
Tea diffusing from a tea bag often defines a circular pattern.
Tea does contain some caffeine and other xanthinealkaloids.
Tea does have a good representation of earth and air elements.
Tea does offer stimulation.
Tea drinking in Britain is a national pastime.
Tea easily picks up other flavors such as coffee, spices and cleaning detergents.
Tea Eat new fruit pies.
Tea enhances memory.
Tea even boosts the production of disease fighting enzymes.
Tea even helps break down clots that have already formed.
Tea Fill out the short form for a free sample of tea.
Tea follow over few testicle implant.
Tea gives vigor to the body, contentment to the mind, and determination of purpose'.
Tea happens to be the most widely consumed drink in the world after water.
Tea has a natural mild diuretic effect.
Tea has a wide range of caffeine depending upon the type of tea, plant varietal, and brewing style.
Tea has about half the caffeine of coffee.
Tea has an enormous market.
Tea has an etraordinary power to prolong life.
Tea has an extraordinary power to prolong life.
Tea has aroma.
Tea has benefits.
Tea has caffeine.
Tea has delicate aroma.
Tea has delicate flavor.
Tea has delicate floral aroma.
Tea has flavor.
Tea has floral aroma.
Tea has health benefits.
Tea has helpful flavonoids.
Tea has just one purpose.
Tea has less and cola beverages the least.
Tea has mild taste.
Tea has more flavor if made early enough to steep at least two hours.
Tea has other benefits.
Tea has own purposes.
Tea has pleasant mild taste.
Tea has pleasant taste.
Tea has purposes.
Tea has safety.
Tea has same health benefits.
Tea has strong taste.
Tea has tannic acid in it.
Tea has taste.
Tea has the bath ready.
Tea has the extraordinary power to prolong life.
Tea has unique flavor.
Tea Have guests bring their favorite tea cup or one with a special story behind it.
Tea helps acid.
Tea helps ailment.
Tea helps all kinds of digestion Stress reduction.
Tea helps coughs.
Tea helps diarrhea.
Tea helps scratchy coughs.
Tea helps urinary ailment.
Tea helps urination.
Tea here involves heating up a tiny pot over charcoals, and adding lots of sugar.
Tea holds a place of respect and pleasure in many societies.
Tea includes several different teas, scones and sandwiches.
Tea is a bargain.
Tea is a brisk business.
Tea is a cash crop in Taiwan, an agricultural product that is a source of foreign exchange earnings.
Tea is a cash crop in Taiwan.
Tea is a central nerve system stimulant.
Tea is a Chinese traditional health drink.
Tea is a complex mixture of chemicals.
Tea is a delicate beverage which needs to be brewed very precisely.
Tea is a dream.
Tea is a drink made by steeping dried plant parts in hot water.
Tea is a drink
Tea is a favorite drink among the country's people.
Tea is a folk remedy for bladder ailments, depression, dysentery, diarrhea, and worms.
Tea is a good thing in the afternoon.
Tea is a great source of antioxidants especially flavonoids.
Tea is a living tradition.
Tea is a major crop, as are rice and vegetables.
Tea is a major source of the xanthines caffeine and theophylline.
Tea is a marvellous beverage.
Tea is a medicinal herbal tea.
Tea is a miraculous medicine for the maintenance of health.
Tea is a much slower pace.
Tea is a natural drink.
Tea is a necessity.
Tea is a part of the British culture, hot with milk.
Tea is a perfect complement to every sumptuous dish on the dining table.
Tea is a perfect example of infusing a liquid with the flavor of tea leaves.
Tea is a pleasant drink.
Tea is a poison to some temperaments, and so are strawberries.
Tea is a popular all over the world.
Tea is a popular beverage consumed worldwide.
Tea is a popular drink that is enjoyed by millions of people across the world.
Tea is a prestige beverage, because it is more expensive than coffee.
Tea is a registered drink of intelligent agents.
Tea is a religion of the art of life.
Tea is a rich source of fluoride and can strengthen tooth enamel.
Tea is a rich source of potassium.
Tea is a ritual in many parts of Africa.
Tea is a series of poems about survival.
Tea is a short break any time between morning and midnight.
Tea is a simple yet powerful template language.
Tea is a small tree, but is pruned to a bush.
Tea is a spicy, warming blend to combat congestion in the nasal passages and chest.
Tea is a stimulant beverage with an ancient history of use.
Tea is a stimulant, a very mild stimulant, since it contains caffeine.
Tea is a symbol of earthly purity.
Tea is a traditional form in many Eastern cultures.
Tea is a true stimulant, because of the caffeine it contains.
Tea is a very important beverage and it is consumed when people are socializing.
Tea is a very popular drink in many countries.
Tea is a vital part of daily life and folk etiquette in Egypt.
Tea is a wonderful refresher and reviver.
Tea is about relaxing an enjoyable experience.
Tea is about sitting, chatting, and lingering.
Tea is affected by heat, odor, moisture, and light.
Tea is already the number two beverage in the world-second only to water.
Tea is also a common drink.
Tea is also a favorite drink.
Tea is also a great beverage and costs the least, next after regular water.
Tea is also an agricultural asset in Taiwan.
Tea is also an offering at many of the coffeehouses opening around the country.
Tea is also one of the few natural dietary sources of fluoride which strengthens teeth.
Tea is also rich in fluoride which helps fight against tooth decay.
Tea is also the world's most popular beverage except water.
Tea is also very helpful in the battle against cancer.
Tea is always available, and light afternoon treats are set out every day.
Tea is always better with two.
Tea is always on.
Tea is an ancient drink, with rich traditions.
Tea is an anti-spasmatic and is soothing to an upset stomach.
Tea is an aromatic stimulant, containing various polyphenols, essential oils, and caffeine .
Tea is an aromatic stimulant, containing various polyphenols, essential oils, and caffeine.
Tea is an estate crop.
Tea is an evergreen shrub which grows in tropical or sub-tropical climates.
Tea is an excellent de-odor agent because terpenoid it contains.
Tea is an important addition to the mead.
Tea is an important tannin beverage.
Tea is an indispensable part of Chinese life.
Tea is an institution for the grads.
Tea is and English ritual, a social as well as culinary affair.
Tea is another cure because it contains tannin.
Tea is another source of caffeine is also contains a high content of caffeine.
Tea is another story altogether.
Tea is at at four.
Tea is at four, and at five various activities begin.
Tea is available after the seminar.
Tea is available for a small donation.
Tea is available in more places than ever.
Tea is available in packets and in bulk.
Tea is available shortly before.
Tea is available upon request.
Tea is available.
Tea is believed to help in hemochromatosis by preventing iron absorption.
Tea is beverages.
Tea is blended for a long period of time to ensure that the blend is consistent and true.
Tea is brewed from the bark of roots.
Tea is capable of dranks.
Tea is certainly here to stay as a beverage steeped in tradition, substance and thought.
Tea is China' s national drink.
Tea is China's national drink.
Tea is considered a strong stimulant and astringent.
Tea is cool too.
Tea is cultivated in the hilly regions, and the state provides much of the tea grown in India.
Tea is delicious either hot or cold.
Tea is delicious here and comes in sweet little teapots all wrapped up in lovely cosies.
Tea is dinner and supper is a bedtime snack.
Tea is drinks.
Tea is drunk all day at work, at rest, when alone or with friends.
Tea is drunk as a beverage in India.
Tea is drunk at all times.
Tea is drunk at any hour of the day, and in any circumstances.
Tea is drunk at breakfast, lunch and dinner, and it is an essential part of the daily diet.
Tea is drunk by about half of the world's population.
Tea is drunk every day from the early morning until late at night.
Tea is drunk for health, and is poured as an offering to friends.
Tea is drunk to forget the din of the world.
Tea is drunk with lemon or sugar, or sometimes with a dab of jam as sweetener.
Tea is estimated to provide half the amount of manganese in the British diet.
Tea is everywhere.
Tea is far more intricate than coffee.
Tea is flavored with lemon, almond and vanilla, then mixed with lemon-lime soda.
Tea is followed by a tour of the house and a musical presentation featuring a harp and flute.
Tea is for relaxing and calming and having fun.
Tea is for sissies.
Tea is forever.
Tea is found everywhere and anytime.
Tea is free.
Tea is good stuff.
Tea is graded by the degree to which the whole leaves are left intact.
Tea is great for sore throats and mouths.
Tea is great.
Tea is grown all over the world, with the vast majority coming from Asia.
Tea is grown almost entirely in the highlands on both estates and smallholdings.
Tea is grown as an industry in large estates.
Tea is grown commercially in a belt that circles the earth on either side of the equator.
Tea is grown in the mountains, and rubber is an important crop in the hills.
Tea is grown in the northeast.
Tea is grown in the northeastern areas.
Tea is grown on the island and is plentiful in the shops.
Tea is harvested in the tropical foothills of Mount Kenya, Kenya.
Tea is herbs.
Tea is India's favorite drink and many of the varieties are enjoyed throughout the world.
Tea is India's favourite drink and many of the varieties are enjoyed throughout the world.
Tea is India's favourite drink and many of the varieties are famous the world over.
Tea is India's favourite drink,and.many of the varieties are famous the world over.
Tea is India's favourite drink.
Tea is indispensable.
Tea is introduced to Europe.
Tea is introduced to Japan as a medicine.
Tea is introduced to London.
Tea is known as 'chai' and coffee is known as 'kaapi', in south India.
Tea is left to rot on the docks at Charleston.
Tea is less irritating to the stomach and contains less caffeine.
Tea is located in cupboards.
Tea is located in cups.
Tea is located in internet cafes.
Tea is located in refrigerators.
Tea is located in teapots.
Tea is located on rte.
Tea is made by infusion or steeping the leaves in boiling water for a short period of time.
Tea is made by steeping leaves and buds of tea plants in freshly boiled water.
Tea is made from dried leaf.
Tea is made from the young leaves of the tea plant.
Tea is made from the young, tender leaves of the tea tree.
Tea is made of herbs.
Tea is made of leaves.
Tea is made of roots.
Tea is manufactured in three basic forms.
Tea is meals.
Tea is meant to be bitter, just as beer is meant to be bitter.
Tea is more than a beverage.
Tea is more than a soothing drink.
Tea is more widely a beverage now.
Tea is much subject to adulteration.
Tea is nearly ready.
Tea is never at a shortage for a crush, or for something to write about.
Tea is no better.
Tea is now obtainable from most megamarkets in a variety of easy to swallow capsules.
Tea is of course still very popular in England.
Tea is of key importance to the economies of both countries.
Tea is offen served with lemon or a dollop of homemade jam.
Tea is offered for a small charge.
Tea is offered poolside.
Tea is offered to guests every afternoon.
Tea is offered.
Tea is often safe, coffee somewhat less so.
Tea is ok, coffee is better.
Tea is one of China's most revered drinks.
Tea is one of India's important crops.
Tea is one of life's great pleasures.
Tea is one of the hardest stains to take out.
Tea is one of the most commonly consumed beverages in the world, second only to water.
Tea is one of the most popular beverages in the world.
Tea is one of the most well-known inhibitors of iron absorption.
Tea is one of the oldest and most widely consumed beverages in the world.
Tea is one of the world s oldest and most varied beverages.
Tea is only fresh for a limited period of time.
Tea is packed locally in Calcutta to provide urban employment.
Tea is part of tea.
Tea is plucked by hand and processed in modern facilities.
Tea is poisonous to the system.
Tea is popular.
Tea is poured through a silver strainer into delicate cups.
Tea is poured.
Tea is priced per sampling and everything is available for take-out.
Tea is produced in the extreme south.
Tea is provided at the end of the sessions.
Tea is provided, with cakes baked by all the ladies of the village.
Tea is readily available.
Tea is reception.
Tea is referred to as chaa .
Tea is refreshing.
Tea is regarded as one of the top urgent matters in home live.
Tea is relatively low in caffeine, with the actual amount varying by brewing time and tea type.
Tea is revered in the finest oriental traditions.
Tea is rich . . .
Tea is rich in fluorine, soybeans in phosphorous.
Tea is rich in tannin, which very efficiently complexes iron ions in solution.
Tea is rich in tannins, which is one reason that it is recommended as a treatment for diarrhea.
Tea is said to slow down digestion.
Tea is second only to water as the most widely consumed beverage in the world.
Tea is served at afternoon meetings.
Tea is served at fireside in the winter months.
Tea is served at meetings.
Tea is served at the close of the meetings.
Tea is served at the end of the meal.
Tea is served at the residence of the tour guide at the end of the tour.
Tea is served by Volunteers in period dress.
Tea is served daily in the Parlour.
Tea is served each afternoon.
Tea is served en suite, and discussions continue until . . .
Tea is served every afternoon with delicious freshly baked cakes and pastries.
Tea is served every day.
Tea is served here each afternoon and every night hosts live entertainment.
Tea is served in lounges crammed with bookcases and thick with pipe smoke.
Tea is served in silver pots on top of candle warmers.
Tea is served in the afternoon and an evening snack is at the whim of the chef.
Tea is served in the afternoon and cocktails can be ordered both day and evening.
Tea is served in the afternoon, and a homemade breakfast greets the morning.
Tea is served in the breakfast room, on the wicker furnished sun porch or in the garden.
Tea is served in the English manner in the dining room.
Tea is served in the formal Dining Room of the Great House.
Tea is served in the late afternoon.
Tea is served in the lobby each afternoon.
Tea is served in the lobby.
Tea is served on the back veranda with views of gardens and pond.
Tea is served there every afternoon.
Tea is served to members and their guests at all meetings.
Tea is served upon arrival and rooms allocated.
Tea is served very hot and sweet.
Tea is served very informally.
Tea is served with milk and slices of lemon.
Tea is served with sweets and sand wiches.
Tea is served.
Tea is shrubs.
Tea is simple, there is no magic that prohibits anyone from learning about teas.
Tea is still a popular hot drink in Australia.
Tea is still the second most popular beverage in the world, right after water.
Tea is stimulants.
Tea is such a touchstone.
Tea is taken all around the world.
Tea is taken very seriously in Asia.
Tea is tax free and crosses borders easily.
Tea Is Tea, ibid.
Tea is Tea.
Tea is the ancient, natural preventative.
Tea is the common beverage served at food stalls or in restaurants.
Tea is the common element.
Tea is the favorite drink.
Tea is the fourth most popular beverage in foodservice.
Tea is the main cash crop.
Tea is the major dietary source for bioflavenoids in Western populations.
Tea is the major dietary source for flavonoids in the Western populations.
Tea is the major dietary source for flavonoids in Western populations.
Tea is the major plantation crop.
Tea is the most common and oldest form of herbal therapy.
Tea is the most common drink served nearly every day to a vast majority of people in the world.
Tea is the most common drink with lots of sugar.
Tea is the most common drink.
Tea is the most commonly consumed beverage.
Tea is the most popular beverage in the world today-after plain water.
Tea is the most popular drink beverage in the world - next to water.
Tea is the most popular drink.
Tea is the most widely consumed beverage in the world.
Tea is the national drink and thought to be amongst the best in the world.
Tea is the national drink of China.
Tea is the number two beverage in the world - second only to water.
Tea is the oldest drink found and widely used in China.
Tea is the oldest known beverage next to water.
Tea is the only natural source of fluoride for humans.
Tea is the second largest export.
Tea is the second most consumed beverage in the world, second only to water.
Tea is the second most consumed beverage on the planet.
Tea is the second most important agricultural export.
Tea is the second most important export.
Tea is the second most popular drink worldwide behind water.
Tea is the ultimate form of hospitality.
Tea is the world's favourite drink.
Tea is the world's most consumed beverage after water.
Tea is thought to be one of the oldest beverages in the world.
Tea is to be made from equal parts of knotgrass and chamomile.
Tea is ubiquitous in China.
Tea is ubiquitous, usually served without milk.
Tea is used ad a gargle for fresh breath.
Tea is used for fevers, nausea, mucous discharges and intestinal cramping.
Tea is used to cure angina pectoris and myocardial infarction.
Tea is used to induce sweating and break a high fever.
Tea is used to stimulate the appetite before eating and as a cholagogue after meals.
Tea is usually available as well.
Tea is usually sandwiches, cake and buiscuits.
Tea is very healthy and loaded with antioxidants and various beneficial compounds.
Tea is very useful for human organism.
Tea is way down at the bottom of the list.
Tea isa beverage.
Tea keeps for three days in refrigerator.
Tea kills pigs.
Tea leave production and orange production rank the second and the third, respectively.
Tea likes a cool climate, sunshine and light rain.
Tea looks like an interesting language, as well.
Tea looks like the latest health food.
Tea loves having financial stability.
Tea loves oxygen.
Tea made from basil leaves is a stimulant.
Tea made from cat-tail flowers is good for appendix trouble.
Tea made from cicely is considered to be an excellent tonic and is considered a mild laxative.
Tea made from dill seed helps soothe upset stomach.
Tea made from dillseed is recommended by modern herbalists to relax and settle cranky stomachs.
Tea made from dried flowers is used to treat a large variety of ailments.
Tea made from flowers and leaves is good for digestion.
Tea made from life-everlasting leaves is good for hay fever.
Tea made from pumpkin seed is good for bladder trouble.
Tea made from raspberry leaves is a good remedy for diarrhea.
Tea made from soft water produces a bright color liquid with pleasant fragrance and good taste.
Tea made from sumac leaves is good for and can cure asthma and hay fever.
Tea made from the fragrant flowers is used as a diaphoretic, a substance that promotes perspiration.
Tea made from the roots of the butterfly weed is good for lung trouble and pleurisy.
Tea made of elder flowers is good for cramps in the stomach.
Tea made of guava leaves is used in treatment of diarrhea, fever and dysentery.
Tea made of orange peelings is a good remedy for kidney trouble.
Tea made of the aerial portions of the plant is anthelmintic and an emmenagogue.
Tea made of the bark from the east side of a peach tree is a good laxative.
Tea made of walnut shells is a good hair tonic and dye.
Tea Make a tea of either sage or burdock and use as a rinse after shampooing.
Tea Make some tea, cool, and apply to the burn.
Tea makes from crush leaves.
Tea makes from dry herbs.
Tea makes from dry leaves.
Tea makes from herbs.
Tea makes from leaves.
Tea makes from peppermints.
Tea makes from young leaves.
Tea makes matters worse, if possible.
Tea making facilities are in all bedrooms.
Tea means many things to many people.
Tea needs to be savoured.
Tea now brews up health benefits and gourmet appeal.
Tea Now cooks everywhere can master the time-honored tradition of afternoon tea.
Tea Pairing Great food and tea go hand in hand.
Tea places the tray of goodies on the side of the tub.
Tea plays a strong role in the cultures of Asia.
Tea plays an important role in Chinese emotional life.
Tea prefers a warm climate.
Tea provides a constant source of hydration and is everywhere socially important.
Tea provides such a discipline.
Tea quenches the thirst, coffee makes it worse.
Tea Receive our monthly email newsletter.
Tea reduces acute inflammation.
Tea reduces acute lung inflammation.
Tea reduces inflammation.
Tea reduces lung inflammation.
Tea rejuvenates the very old.
Tea remains tea throughout from when it is green leaf in the field to the time it is drunk in a cup.
Tea resembles the recluse and is for quiet company.
Tea rhymes with pee for a reason.
Tea runs through a compiler that has a strict type-checking phase.
Tea save to several stamp thus pick plaster molds.
Tea seems the strongest for some.
Tea seems to have safe history of use.
Tea seems to particularly stimulate production of gastric juice.
Tea settle by few ceiling tile cork.
Tea settle by few discount carpet sale.
Tea settle by few dog houses.
Tea settle by few door blinds.
Tea settle by few electric fireplaces.
Tea sounds really good right now.
Tea speaks of another way of life.
Tea stay above many golf club maker.
Tea stimulates the cilia.
Tea stimulates the mind, keeps people awake, reduces weight and brightens one's eyesight.
Tea taken with a meal reduces the amount of iron absorbed from the food.
Tea tastes better when it's sipped from a pretty cup.
Tea tastes great.
Tea Try using a used tea bag on the canker.
Tea turns an ordinary meeting into a top-notch conference.
Tea undoubtedly refers to a kind of mutual fertility connected with the sexual act.
Tea Use loose tea instead of bags.
Tea wants to know what is wrong.
Tea wear Word beyond savings throughout whatever chat teens though begin off all worm.
Tea wear Word beyond savings throughout whatever teen love chat room though begin off all worm.
TEA works with a number of different types of partners within our community.
Teas are a weak form of the herb.
Teas are also for sale by weight.
Teas are available by appointment.
Teas are available in the house on open days, and there is ample space for picnics in the Deer Park.
Teas are faster and easier to prepare than baths, and can taste delicious as well.
Teas are high in salicylates.
Teas are infusions.
Teas are of little value because few of the active ingredients are water soluble.
Teas are popular for curing colic.
Teas are probably the most familiar, but here's a quick consumer's guide to other types.
Teas are simply dried herb materials left to soak for a few minutes in boiling water.
Teas are usually available.
Teas are wonderful roses for a number of reasons.
Tea's back for a rematch.
Teas blended with orange zest or citrus flavors are particularly fragrant.
Teas can also help stomach aches.
Teas can even be a little silly.
Teas describes the color as salmon- rose.
Teas differ in the way their leaves are processed.
Teas feature hot chocolate, sandwiches, cookies, storytellers and more.
Teas grow best at higher elevations, plentiful rainfall, and no frost.
Teas have a long history of use in most cultures, and are still a common form of healing.
Teas have between two and ten parts per million.
Teas offered by The Republic of Tea TM are flavorful and delightful.
Teas provide high concentrations of catechins and small amounts of the flavonol quercetin.
Teas require two to three week.
Teas work quickly, but heat destroys some of their vitamin content.
Tea always tastes better in fine china.
All tea begins with the harvesting of the newest foliage from the bush.
All tea comes from tropical or subtropical climates.
All tea has a limited shelf life.
All tea has a shelf life.
All tea is beneficial to the body whether it is herbal, black or green.
All tea is made from leaves picked from the same plant the difference is in the processing.
All teas are available loose or packed in packets, tins and gift packs.
All teas are loose teas and are poured in the traditional way.
All teas are of the highest quality, in the top ten percentile of it's respective growing region.
All teas come from the same plant.
All teas contain powerful antioxidants called polyphenols.
More tea is consumed around the world than any beverage except water.
More tea is drunk, worldwide, than any other beverage - except water.
Most tea consumed is black tea, which is produced by a process which oxidizes the green leaf.
Most tea contains caffeine.
Most tea contains compounds.
Most tea contains dandelion leaves.
Most tea contains leaves.
Most tea contains substances.
Most tea contains sugar.
Most tea contains toxic compounds.
Most tea contains various compounds.
Most tea has aroma.
Most tea has benefits.
Most tea has delicate aroma.
Most tea has delicate flavor.
Most tea has flavor.
Most tea has floral aroma.
Most tea has health benefits.
Most tea has mild taste.
Most tea has other benefits.
Most tea has pleasant mild taste.
Most tea has pleasant taste.
Most tea has purposes.
Most tea has safety.
Most tea has same health benefits.
Most tea has strong taste.
Most tea has unique flavor.
Most tea helps acid.
Most tea helps ailment.
Most tea helps coughs.
Most tea helps diarrhea.
Most tea helps scratchy coughs.
Most tea helps urinary ailment.
Most tea helps urination.
Most tea is consumed locally and comparatively small quantities enter international trade.
Most tea is made of herbs.
Most tea is made of leaves.
Most tea is made of roots.
Most tea is processed as black tea.
Most tea is purchased at auctions in the producing countries around the world.
Most tea makes from crush leaves.
Most tea makes from dry herbs.
Most tea makes from dry leaves.
Most tea makes from herbs.
Most tea makes from leaves.
Most tea makes from peppermints.
Most tea makes from young leaves.
Most teas are benign, but some have been known to cause liver toxicity.
Most teas contain only two or three ingredients easily obtainable.
Much tea is drunk and much flour eaten nowadays.
Some tea accompanies meals.
Some tea adds flavor.
Some tea affects metabolism.
Some tea causes alteration.
Some tea causes hallucination.
Some tea contains chemicals.
Some tea contains concentration.
Some tea contains irons.
Some tea contains jasmine.
Some tea contains micronutrient.
Some tea contains products.
Some tea contains properties.
Some tea contains spices.
Some tea contains various plant products.
Some tea decreases inflammatory responses.
Some tea decreases responses.
Some tea has effects.
Some tea has gingers.
Some tea has levels.
Some tea has low levels.
Some tea has ranges.
Some tea has tonic effects.
Some tea helps arthritis pain.
Some tea helps blood sugar.
Some tea helps blood.
Some tea helps cholesterol.
Some tea helps damage.
Some tea helps diseases.
Some tea helps gum diseases.
Some tea helps nausea.
Some tea helps pain.
Some tea helps people.
Some tea helps sugar.
Some tea helps weight.
Some tea improves insulin sensitivity.
Some tea improves sensitivity.
Some tea includes gingers.
Some tea increases total calorie intake.
Some tea is made of berries.
Some tea is made of juniper berries.
Some tea is made of salt.
Some tea is made of sea salt.
Some tea makes from blossoms.
Some tea makes from buttercups.
Some tea makes from clover blossoms.
Some tea makes from hollies.
Some tea makes from papaya.
Some tea makes from parsleys.
Some tea makes from petals.
Some tea makes from red blossoms.
Some tea makes from red clover blossoms.
Some tea promotes fat oxidation.
Some tea promotes oxidation.
Some tea relieves pain.
Some tea replaces coffee.
Some teas are bitter, whereas some are sweet.
Some teas reliev migraines and promote weight loss.
Some teas smell wonderful as dry leaf but develop little fragrance when infused and sipped.
Teach assistants have flexibility.
Teach botanists understand fields.
Teach methods include demonstrations.
Teach science help teachers.
Teaches are leaders.
Teaches brownfields redevelopment policy.
Teaches face sculpting and wired fingers.
Teaches have the freedom to change the lesson to suite their class and individual students.
Teaches mainly grammar and linguistics on all levels.
Teaches sit and stay in one easy lesson.
Teaches undergraduate meteorology courses.
Teachs  communicates.
Teachs  teaching.
All teaches get shitty drawers start of school.
Some teaches require students to keep a table of contents.
Teachable moments abound that encourage values such as caring, honesty, respect, and responsibility.
Teachable moments abound.
Teachable moments are applicable in two major ways.
Teachable moments are precious and few.
Teachable moments arise more noticeably in longer periods.
Teachable moments occur at random times.
Every teachable moment is utilized to do individualized education.
Teachable people attract wisdom.
Teachable prisoners are few and far between, but they are out there.
Teacher assistance is appropriate.
Teacher assistants are in the classroom at every grade level for extra attention.
Teacher assistants help in the classrooms each day.
Teacher assistants play a vital role in support of many programs.
Teacher Assistants provide individualized supports as well.
Teacher Assistants provide support services in a variety of classroom settings.
Teacher assistants support the pre-kindergarten, kindergarten, science and swimming programs.
Teacher assistants support the qualified teachers of the deaf in their classroom activities.
Teacher assistants tutor or help children learn class material, using the teacher's lesson plans.
Many teacher assistants work extensively with special education students.
Most teacher assistants perform a combination of instructional and clerical duties.
Teacher attrition drains financial and human resources away from our profession.
Teacher Awards See which educators are being honored for their efforts.
Teacher certification becomes a rarity.
Teacher certification is a third important area.
Teacher certification is available for all areas.
Teacher certification is available in English, history, social studies and foreign languages.
Teacher certification is available in history.
Teacher certification is available in most academic majors.
Teacher certification is available in selected areas.
Teacher certification is earned in the music education and elementary education programs.
Teacher certification is granted upon completion of the program.
Teacher certification is now available through the master's programs.
Teacher certification is obtained after the post-baccalaureate internship year.
Teacher certification is offered in both secondary and elementary school physical education.
Teacher certification is one component of that review.
Teacher certification is possible provided appropriate requirements are met.
Teacher certification is required for admission to each degree program offered.
Teacher certification is the major problem.
Teacher certification raises another dilemma.
Teacher education can be successful under the new paradigm in loose system of the school.
Teacher education forms an integral part of the department's offerings in each of the languages.
Teacher education has no accountability.
Teacher education is a central element in charting new directions in teaching and learning.
Teacher education is a necessary requirement for implementing the study of technology for all.
Teacher education is a university-wide responsibility.
Teacher education is an important example.
Teacher education is an obvious place to begin to stop the cycle of ill-prepared students.
Teacher education is needed throughout the state.
Teacher education is part of the program.
Teacher education is supposed to help socialize beginning teachers to teaching.
Teacher education is the key to implementing brain-based principles.
Teacher education is the most requested programs on campus.
Teacher education is the most underfunded area of schooling.
Teacher education is the testbed for the project-oriented approach introduced by the authors.
Teacher education occupies a position of high visibility with the public.
Teacher education reports.
Teacher evaluation is based on factual observation of specific performance criteria and standards.
Teacher evaluation is based on the progress and understanding of each individual student.
Teacher evaluation is necessary.
Teacher evaluation is still the most important factor in establishing reading levels.
Teacher evaluation is the responsibility of the principal and the superintendent of schools.
Teacher evaluations describe students' academic and personal strengths as well as shortcomings.
Teacher evaluations have to be taken more seriously.
Teacher evaluations indicate that the materials are a great success.
Teacher evaluations show tremendous support for the program.
Teacher induction is a purposive and valued activity.
Teacher leadership is an undefined role as opposed to a principal or assistant principal.
Teacher leadership is the vehicle to reform.
Teacher lessons include extra information.
Teacher lessons include information.
Teacher Librarians are available for discussion about the development of research assignments.
Teacher Librarians See also the library and information services list for teacher librarians .
Teacher librarians work collaboratively with teachers to implement the approach with their classes.
Teachers of mathematics develop new ways to teach mathematical concepts to children and adults.
Teacher preparation can rest on a scientific foundation.
Teacher preparation includes extensive real classroom experience.
Teacher preparation involves both academic discipline in higher education and practice in schools.
Teacher preparation is a central issue.
Teacher preparation is a five-year program.
Teacher preparation is a high priority in Virginia.
Teacher preparation is a popular topic among education organizations, spurring a number of reports.
Teacher preparation is critical to successful school physical education programs.
Teacher preparation is critical.
Teacher preparation is field-based .
Teacher preparation is field-based.
Teacher preparation is important.
Teacher preparation is in flux.
Teacher preparation is kept to a minimum while the children enjoy the fun of creating the displays.
Teacher preparation is one of our key jobs as well.
Teacher preparation is part of the effort.
Teacher preparation is recommended.
Teacher preparation is required to successfully integrate the computer into the curriculum.
Teacher preparations aim to stimulate curiosity.
Teacher quality is always high on our agenda.
Teacher quality is an urgent issue everywhere, and nowhere more than middle schools.
Teacher quality is critical.
Teacher quality is critically important to educational outcomes.
Teacher quality is currently a topic of high interest.
Teacher quality is more important than any other variable.
Teacher quality is number one.
Teacher quality is on the national agenda as never before.
Teacher quality is one of the greatest concerns of American parents.
Teacher quality is the key to all learning.
Teacher quality is the most important in-school factor affecting student achievement.
Teacher quality is the most important variable in producing student achievement gain.
Teacher quality is the single most accurate indicator of a student's performance in school.
Teacher quality makes the difference in student performance.
Teacher quality varies.
Teacher retention allows for a long-lasting relationship between teacher and child.
Teacher s can use the computer too.
Teacher training can be critical to sustaining a partnership's impact in the schools.
Teacher training can lead to the acceptance and use of a new curriculum about the environment.
Teacher training has to be a goal.
Teacher Training helps.
Teacher training includes footage of trainers working with adolescent groups.
Teacher training includes preparation in health and family life education.
Teacher training includes writing effective Constitution tests.
Teacher training insures the quality of the program.
Teacher training is a clear priority for the future.
Teacher training is a de facto monopoly and there is no real incentive for it to change.
Teacher training is a good place to start.
Teacher training is a process.
Teacher training is a vital component of the program.
Teacher training is a vital part of our company.
Teacher training is a weak link.
Teacher training is also a natural application for the course.
Teacher training is also a priority.
Teacher training is also available.
Teacher training is also in short supply.
Teacher training is an essential part of our graduate program.
Teacher training is another front.
Teacher training is another important aspect of RBGE education.
Teacher training is another of the office's national goals.
Teacher training is available and highly recommended.
Teacher training is available through state and national training institutes.
Teacher Training is available upon request.
Teacher training is available.
Teacher training is critical to effectively implement technology.
Teacher training is crucial to Rwanda's drive to break the cycle of poverty.
Teacher training is crucial to student success.
Teacher training is either an additional one or two days added onto each workshop.
Teacher training is essential, but currently undervalued and under-budgeted.
Teacher training is essential.
Teacher training is included.
Teacher training is indeed one of the top priorities for our field.
Teacher training is integral with technology.
Teacher training is intensive.
Teacher training is lax.
Teacher training is offered on a nationwide basis.
Teacher training is only one piece of the program, however.
Teacher training is practical and ongoing.
Teacher training is provided and our curriculum is easy and fun to follow.
Teacher training is provided and pre and post visit curriculum kits are supplied.
Teacher training is provided prior to the start of school.
Teacher training is provided through classroom instruction.
Teacher training is provided.
Teacher training is required prior to access to curriculum material.
Teacher training is the key in meeting objectives for environmental education.
Teacher training is the most important goal.
Teacher training is the third.
Teacher training is vital.
Teacher Training prepares people to work inductively with groups of people.
Teacher training takes place in two summer institutes.
Teacher training takes place over five or six non-consecutive days.
Teacher unions agree.
Teacher unions are a valuable source of professional development information and activities.
Teacher unions are so strong that teachers come before students, resulting in poor decisions.
Teacher unions dictate many rules and working conditions.
Teacher unions have a responsibility to students, their families, and to the broader society.
A teacher is an educator
Teacher accompanies students to the pool and remains in the area during instruction.
Teacher accompanies the students to the pool and stays on deck.
Teacher acknowledges that negative emotion is a valid reaction to teacher control.
Teacher actively encourages all students to meet challenging learning expectations.
Teacher acts as a chairperson, and then comments on the content of the reports.
Teacher acts as a consultant and resource person for students.
Teacher acts as a facilitator, providing guidance when needed.
Teacher acts as a facilitator.
Teacher acts as primary enforcer of external discipline.
Teacher addresses whole class.
Teacher adds additional information about mapmakers using the above maps.
Teacher again asks for comparisons of next two liquids and records responses.
Teacher agrees to read paper and make comments.
Teacher allows students to choose groups disregarding lesson goals and student needs.
Teacher also distributes rubric for assignment assessment.
Teacher also listens to students' comments during sharing.
Teacher also needs to make daffodil leaves and stems on green paper for students to cut out.
Teacher also participates, while observing and monitoring the class.
Teacher also requires students to stand while responding to questions.
Teacher also supplement academic activities with multicultural activities developed by the district.
Teacher also works at home and communicates through the modem and telephone with the student.
Teacher annonces a topic or question, and students discuss with that partner.
Teacher annotates a model essay and posts to shared directory.
Teacher announces correct match.
Teacher announces that it is time to huddle.
Teacher announces the topic to be shared with the team.
Teacher announces time to huddle and discuss.
Teacher announces topic as prompt to generate ideas.
Teacher announces topic.
Teacher answer key available.
Teacher answers students questions about rules and skills.
Teacher answers the question.
Teacher answers yes or no to questions.
Teacher applies appropriate consequences.
Teacher approve the rhyme as one that no other student has chosen to illustrate.
Teacher approves final draft.
Teacher approves plan.
Teacher approves student book based on reading level and assigns specific type of book report.
Teacher are committed to students and their learning.
Teacher are vital as role models.
Teacher arranges for a meteorologist to come to discuss technology used in weather forecasting.
Teacher arranges visits of lawyers to class to discuss techniques of persuasive speaking.
Teacher ask students to read the answer to the given question.
Teacher ask students to share their answers with the rest of the class.
Teacher ask students to write the answers on the board and create a Found Poem.
Teacher ask students What the flags have in common and writes responses on the board.
Teacher asks a question and generally starts talking within seconds after asking that question.
Teacher asks a question and students look for the verb that can be used in the answer.
Teacher asks a series of questions intended for students to make inferences about their data.
Teacher asks a student to come up and help unpack the shopping bag.
Teacher asks analysis, synthesis, questions.
Teacher asks another person to read aloud Entire group reads aloud.
Teacher asks appropriate guiding questions.
Teacher asks child to hold up the pumpkin displaying a specific number.
Teacher asks children to operationally define prediction.
Teacher asks class to identify whether the speakers come from rural or urban families.
Teacher asks class to list different means of transportation.
Teacher asks course-related questions and also requires that students ask the teacher questions.
Teacher asks for a sampling of some of the predictions, without judgment or question.
Teacher asks for and responds to students input during the lesson.
Teacher asks for the moral of the story.
Teacher asks for volunteers to say the phrases native speakers use to count non-count nouns.
Teacher asks if students can identify some elements of legends based on their reading.
Teacher asks if there are any questions.
Teacher asks individual students to move a column of coins with one finger on the top of the column.
Teacher asks pupils to construct sentences using each of the verbs.
Teacher asks questions about the video.
Teacher asks questions at the lowest level-gathering and recalling information.
Teacher asks questions of each paragraph.
Teacher asks questions of the class based on the lecture material to be included on exams.
Teacher asks questions of the class, based on the lecture material just presented.
Teacher asks small groups to discuss the changes that have occurred in U.S. families.
Teacher asks students if anyone knows what a recipe is.
Teacher asks students if they do any of the things listed.
Teacher asks students if they know what a legend is and if they can give some examples.
Teacher asks students to be careful with adjective agreement and with use of conjunction que .
Teacher asks students to compare how the two liquids are alike and different.
Teacher asks students to express their ideas or opinions about a scientific phenomenon or principle.
Teacher asks students to make their signs.
Teacher asks students to mix some red water with blue water and write down result.
Teacher asks students to name some foods that gorillas like to eat that humans also like to eat.
Teacher asks students to prepare notes on difficult topics in preparation for the final exam.
Teacher asks students to read the poems for some minutes.
Teacher asks students to share their feelings with the class.
Teacher asks students to think and make notes about their future.
Teacher asks students to try to remember the first time they heard or read about kings.
Teacher asks students what the legends revealed about Native American culture.
Teacher asks students what they have learned about cacti today.
Teacher asks students when is coldest time of year.
Teacher asks students when is longest day of year and shortest day of year.
Teacher asks the children to join in the chopping of the name.
Teacher asks the class to recall the vocabulary words used while playing the game.
Teacher asks the class to use the word contagious.
Teacher asks the questions.
Teacher asks the students to review some facts they already know about deserts.
Teacher asks the students what they expect to find when they return to their experiments.
Teacher asks the students what they observed.
Teacher asks the students why the picture is round.
Teacher asks what often comes before rain.
Teacher asks written questions of the class based on class materials to be included on exams.
Teacher assigns a concept.
Teacher assigns a zero for the infraction and refers the student to the administrator.
Teacher assigns another passage and designs a prompt.
Teacher assigns detention and contacts parent.
Teacher assigns grades.
Teacher assigns groups, if applicable.
Teacher assigns positions within groups.
Teacher assigns project of research for using the abacus.
Teacher assigns project to students.
Teacher assigns roles of recorder, supply person, guide, and reporter.
Teacher assigns story to be read silently.
Teacher assigns students to work in small groups.
Teacher assigns teams of two to work together throughout the activity.
Teacher assist groups in subdividing topics for individual student report.
Teacher assist students in the creation and proofreading of worksheets.
Teacher attaches a white sock to the exhaust tailpipe of a car.
Teacher attempts to apply the principles of effective classroom management.
Teacher attempts to engage all students in the discussion, but with only limited success.
Teacher attempts to maintain a classroom atmosphere conducive to student learning.
Teacher attends nat'l conf.
Teacher attends workshop to become familiar with the plays to be attended.
Teacher bashing seems to be the latest fad.
Teacher becomes a town celebrity.
Teacher becomes fully engaged in community and school outreach processes.
Teacher becomes student.
Teacher begins by clarifying the lesson objective for the chapter.
Teacher begins by describing the clothes of one of the children in the class.
Teacher begins each week with a character quote that is posted in the classroom.
Teacher begins the story and students take turns contributing to the retelling.
Teacher begins to guide students by listening, observing, and questioning.
Teacher begins to plan for portfolio development.
Teacher begins to think aloud.
Teacher blows a whistle.
Teacher brings class together for oral feedback of group discussion.
Teacher brings in everyday objects such as spoons, knives, purses, etc.
Teacher burns part of the paper.
Teacher calls for student responses immediately after posing question.
Teacher calls on a student.
Teacher calls out a number, 'three,' and threes raise their hands to answer.
Teacher calls out a number.
Teacher calls out a shape name.
Teacher calls time.
Teacher can add their own special page too.
Teacher can add to the list or assist students in thinking of plants found in each zone.
Teacher can aid the thinking procedure by revising the steps of inquiry.
Teacher can also comment or provide question set to facilitate commenting.
Teacher can also comment or provide questions for students to use when commenting.
Teacher can also divide the class up by color of bean bag as well and make a variety of groups.
Teacher can also participate in game.
Teacher can ask students to rephrase invalid questions.
Teacher can assess student work by collecting the worksheets for a grade.
Teacher can assess the quality of work on the worksheet and the lab report.
Teacher can assign or change performance levels and otherwise modify or add to records.
Teacher can assist in their writing by providing a mode.
Teacher can build a data table and have students predict peak flow arrival times.
Teacher can build strong, productive relationships with students.
Teacher can discuss the following.
Teacher can discuss the strategies used to alter melodies.
Teacher can display check or grade the class books.
Teacher can display the posters around the room.
Teacher can emphasize specificity, description, making valid inferences.
Teacher can evaluate when doing portfolios .
Teacher can find lesson plans, students can receive homework help and parents can get advice.
Teacher can finish.
Teacher can generate constitutional resource materials for student use in the classroom.
Teacher can give clues if necessary.
Teacher can give students assignments to review for upcoming exams.
Teacher can guide and control the program for the level of ability.
Teacher can have students expand answer using adjectives that they can use their eyes to determine.
Teacher can help formulate a realistic plan.
Teacher can help pick color scheme.
Teacher can illustrate on the board or on an overhead.
Teacher can input new facts to make new games.
Teacher can learn what students already know about beavers and create excitement about the project.
Teacher can now start questions in a test from any number.
Teacher can opt to work the summer program for additional pay.
Teacher can pause early in the reading for students to recognize story components.
Teacher can present unlabelled examples and ask the pupils to identify.
Teacher can provide additional information or guide questioning.
Teacher can relate course content to students' interests.
Teacher can remind student of rules, use conflict resolution, and encourage student to ask for help.
Teacher can respond by active listening and nonjudgmental talk.
Teacher can see any student with complete control over their keyboard and mouse.
Teacher can see individual student scores and analyze scores by test or by class.
Teacher can supplement with information from local travel agencies.
Teacher can tell program how many chances to give and how long to wait before giving correct answer.
Teacher can use it as a form of assessment.
Teacher can use proximity control, boost student interest, or provide assistance with assignments.
Teacher can utilize in lab for information research and student assessment.
Teacher can write most words, modeling stretching words and hearing sounds in words.
Teacher can write their answers on the blackboard or transparencies.
Teacher categorizes the elements of the pattern into a small number of category.
Teacher centered environments are the worst.
Teacher checks the outputs of discussion and fill in charts.
Teacher checks the outputs of discussion and make charts.
Teacher choose a red rod and separate it from the group and let the child feel how long the rod is.
Teacher chooses a new cookie monster each time.
Teacher chooses a student to come to front of the room.
Teacher chooses either or both of the following activates.
Teacher chooses the pairs .
Teacher chooses the pairs.
Teacher circles proper factors of the number.
Teacher clearly states goals for groups and individuals.
Teacher collaborates with peers and shares student work samples and teaching practices.
Teacher collect the worksheet and newspapers at the end of the class.
Teacher collects articles .
Teacher collects data that reflect both process and product for groups.
Teacher collects data that reflect both process and product for individuals and groups.
Teacher collects data that reflect products for groups.
Teacher collects data that reflects products for individual students.
Teacher collects extra stickers.
Teacher collects materials.
Teacher collects the questionnaires and retains for later lesson.
Teacher collects worksheets and reviews for understanding.
Teacher combine all the pictures to create a class book.
Teacher comes around and helps edit the children's work.
Teacher complains of no Internet access.
Teacher completes group process checklist for evaluation.
Teacher completes recommendation form.
Teacher completes rubric and goes over with student.
Teacher conducts a class discussion about the points of agreement and disagreement.
Teacher conducts a class discussion or seminar at the end of the unit.
Teacher conducts the game.
Teacher conferencing with individual students enables deep and meaningful interaction.
Teacher considers all students.
Teacher consistently applies the principles of effective classroom management.
Teacher consistently demonstrates high levels of proficiency in written and oral language.
Teacher consistently shows enthusiasm for teaching and learning in a variety of ways.
Teacher consistently uses questioning to clarify misconceptions and monitor student work.
Teacher constructed frames are more valid as instructional guides than teacher-copied frames.
Teacher contacts home to discuss areas of concern and implement corrective measures.
Teacher continues to utilize a variety of rhyming books.
Teacher contributes to portfolio in preparation for comprehensive evaluation.
Teacher controls everything.
Teacher copies one page from one book at each level.
Teacher corrects ads.
Teacher corrects the test.
Teacher creates a challenging atmosphere that is balanced by a positive affective climate.
Teacher creates a concept map of the class's ideas.
Teacher creates a matching quiz.
Teacher creates a poetry template with directions for how to write the poem.
Teacher creates background knowledge.
Teacher creates lesson plan on how and why volcanoes erupt.
Teacher creates page with suggested organizational formats for particular types of essays.
Teacher creates study guide to use with text.
Teacher credentialing information during the most recent three years is shown below.
Teacher credentialing is another component of California's systemic reform.
Teacher cuts out a large butterfly out of white construction paper.
Teacher cuts out the middle.
Teacher cuts the pieces apart.
Teacher cuts up two copies of one title and cuts the text off each page.
Teacher darkens the room.
Teacher decides activity.
Teacher decides if flower is to go on class bulletin board, or made individually.
Teacher decides one type of measurement to use.
Teacher decides what kind of Math problems to do.
Teacher defines the principles and students develop the rules.
Teacher demonstrates a frame made out of straws and paper clips- how to do.
Teacher demonstrates a technique incorrectly and the student identifies the problem.
Teacher demonstrates adequate feedback and purposefully uses reinforcement and praise.
Teacher demonstrates arpeggios and sequences.
Teacher demonstrates by self then has two or three students come up.
Teacher demonstrates limited knowledge of the subject being taught.
Teacher demonstrates limited organization.
Teacher demonstrates making of an apple pig .
Teacher demonstrates on overhead as students do activity on their own individual trading board.
Teacher demonstrates pendulum.
Teacher demonstrates process or skills.
Teacher demonstrates proper use of scanner.
Teacher demonstrates the differences between a variety of dissimilar metres.
Teacher demonstrates the use of the programs as an introduction to further use by students.
Teacher demonstrates to students how to navigate around the chosen web sites.
Teacher demonstrates use of Internet, bookmarks, and web sites.
Teacher demonstrates use of sound pedagogical skills.
Teacher demonstrates, shares, and guides students to independence.
Teacher describes a fish and the students guess which fish is being described.
Teacher determines team average and individual improvement scores.
Teacher developed curriculum is supported by our own staff and our technology assistant.
Teacher develops and uses a variety of assessments appropriately.
Teacher develops and uses more than one type of assessment appropriately.
Teacher develops new ways of using the technology to enhance the quality of learning.
Teacher develops plan.
Teacher directs attention to unfamiliar words and their meanings.
Teacher directs class to give orderly presentations and explain each project thouroughly.
Teacher directs KWL chart on insects.
Teacher directs lesson on creating a circle graph.
Teacher directs lesson on how to calculate fraction, decimal, percent, and degree conversions.
Teacher discusses delivery.
Teacher discusses flag etiquette with the students.
Teacher discusses ideas with the class.
Teacher discusses planning strategies for getting homework done and studying for tests.
Teacher discusses planning strategies for getting homework done and studying for the final.
Teacher discusses the collection method of netting and safety concerns.
Teacher discusses the concept of scale with the class.
Teacher discusses the concepts from the book and reviews the chart on board with the class.
Teacher discusses the interdependence of animals involved in a food web.
Teacher discusses with pupils on the importance of instructions.
Teacher discusses with students what they already know about flight.
Teacher discusses with students what they already know about forces.
Teacher dismisses the whole class and counts each student absent.
Teacher displays a picture.
Teacher displays an adequate knowledge base of the subject being taught.
Teacher displays definitions on overhead.
Teacher displays extensive knowledge of the subject being taught.
Teacher displays the two terrariums as the students enter the classroom.
Teacher distributes graded homework from previous session and answers questions.
Teacher distributes job titles for all employees.
Teacher distributes one worksheet per pairs of students.
Teacher distributes review handout with student comments and suggestions.
Teacher Distributes the disks to the students.
Teacher divides class into groups and hands-out an article and a set of questions.
Teacher divides class into groups and hands-out some articles and a sheets with questions.
Teacher divides class into partners.
Teacher divides class into two or more teams.
Teacher documents the infraction on the referral form.
Teacher does the editing.
Teacher does the same.
Teacher draw the picture on the chalk board, overhead projector, or computer.
Teacher draws a card from a set of twenty labeled cards.
Teacher draws an item from the can.
Teacher draws white heart on with child's name in it.
Teacher effectively facilitates student summary, synthesis, review of day's learning.
Teacher effectively uses community resources.
Teacher effectively uses lesson-appropriate technology or resources.
Teacher elicits answers from students and facilitates discussion.
Teacher elicits student responses about what happened to the milk and water.
Teacher emphasizes that the letters can have fictional information.
Teacher Encourage academic success of students and group members.
Teacher encourages creativity and change.
Teacher encourages discussion on the Adult Bible Series.
Teacher encourages interaction and discussion by asking leading questions.
Teacher encourages interaction and discussion in lecture by asking leading questions.
Teacher encourages most students to meet challenging learning expectations.
Teacher encourages respect, responsibility and safety.
Teacher encourages student interaction in lecture.
Teacher encourages students choices and initiatives.
Teacher encourages students to ask as many questions as possible.
Teacher encourages students to use email to contact teacher with questions.
Teacher encourages students to use their awareness of speech sounds when spelling unfamiliar words.
Teacher encourages students to visualize and predict events and outcomes.
Teacher encourages students to work in co-operative groups during laboratory.
Teacher encourages students to work individually with instructor and laboratory teaching assistant.
Teacher encourages students to work individually with instructor and teaching assistant.
Teacher encourages students to work individually with the instructor.
Teacher encourages students to work individually with the instructors.
Teacher encourages students to work together in class.
Teacher encourages students to work together in laboratory and outside lecture class.
Teacher encourages students to work together outside lecture class.
Teacher encourages students to work together outside of class.
Teacher encourages students to work together outside of lecture and during laboratory.
Teacher encourages students to work together outside of lecture.
Teacher enters the stage area, and student keeps moving arm up and down, up and down.
Teacher enters the stage.
Teacher establishes rapport with students and often encourages inquiry.
Teacher establishes rapport with students, or develops an atmosphere of limited inquiry.
Teacher evaluates appropriateness of awards and discussions with class.
Teacher evaluates content.
Teacher evaluates techniques for students making corrections in balance and strength poses.
Teacher evaluates the application of knowledge, use of inferences and the drawing of conclusions.
Teacher evaluates the display, based on criteria.
Teacher evaluates the student's level of understanding.
Teacher explains and students use manipulatives to solve problems.
Teacher explains basic differences between insulator, conductor, and semi-conductor.
Teacher explains idea of wall space.
Teacher explains objective and models materials without actually building a structure.
Teacher explains problems while referring students to examples on their computer monitors.
Teacher explains rules.
Teacher explains steps in inferencing using the inferencing poster.
Teacher explains that revolutions have certain elements present before they can occur.
Teacher explains that transaction money is money used to make purchases and to pay bills.
Teacher explains that watching flowers grow is a lot of fun.
Teacher explains the activity dividing the students into pairs.
Teacher explains the assignment.
Teacher explains the bag book reports.
Teacher explains the concept of the class set of texts check info.
Teacher explains the game by means of demonstration with a student.
Teacher explains the idea of the activity.
Teacher explains the rotation of centers using music for clean up and movement.
Teacher explains the theory of the brain's left and right hemispheres.
Teacher explains work board in detail explaining the activities in each center.
Teacher explicitly models the stages of a factual recount.
Teacher explicitly models the stages of a procedural recount.
Teacher explicitly models the stages of a procedure.
Teacher falls for student on the cricket field.
Teacher Features Great site for educators.
Teacher feel parents are more supportive.
Teacher fills in read day and time, keeps one form and returns other to the reader.
Teacher fits shoe to child's choice to see if it fits.
Teacher focuses on misbehaving students during disciplinary intervention.
Teacher focuses on teaching while signaling to the misbehaving students.
Teacher focuses on techniques for understanding composition, perspective, l ight, shadow and value.
Teacher fold a fourth sheet of paper making a crease down the middle.
Teacher follows example on bulletin-board version.
Teacher generally behaves in an interactive manner mediating the environment for students.
Teacher generates student response.
Teacher gets a pupil to do a jumping action.
Teacher gets a report.
Teacher Gets Information.
Teacher gets on one end of the see-saw.
Teacher gets pupils to read the sentence.
Teacher gets pupils to read the sentences.
Teacher gets report .
Teacher give children a page with the words.
Teacher give out the assignment.
Teacher gives a brief introduction to the variety of themes within the text.
Teacher gives a clue.
Teacher gives a short, attention-grabbing introductory talk on the novel.
Teacher gives a writing assignment with a story starter to the children.
Teacher gives clues aloud about each word.
Teacher gives examples.
Teacher gives inappropriate wait time.
Teacher gives individual grades to team members' writing.
Teacher gives out different amounts of money to each student.
Teacher gives quiz for individual assessment.
Teacher gives students guidelines for changing the word until it makes sense.
Teacher gives students oral directions.
Teacher gives students regular and frequent feedback on performance on homework, quizzes, and exams.
Teacher gives students regular and frequent feedback on performance on homework.
Teacher gives students regular and frequent feedback on performance on tests and homework.
Teacher gives students regular and frequent feedback on performance on tests.
Teacher gives the class a limerick.
Teacher gives the name, students practice independently.
Teacher gives the signal and students are to raise their cards to answer.
Teacher gives visual examples or demonstrations.
Teacher goes first as an example for all.
Teacher goes over directions.
Teacher grades the groups' papers.
Teacher gradually reduces direction and support as the learner increases in maturity and confidence.
Teacher graphs the number each pair recorded.
Teacher guide the students to suggest words that relate to the facts learned about amphibians.
Teacher guides journal writing until students are comfortable.
Teacher guides more theory-oriented and repetitive.
Teacher guides students to build grammatically correct sentences.
Teacher guides students to build phrases, sentences and paragraphs both orally and in writing.
Teacher Guides Terms for using data resources.
Teacher guides the students to spell each sound in the word.
Teacher hands a red, white and yellow box to a student.
Teacher hands out a list of commonly used past tense verbs.
Teacher hangs pictures of sugar cane and animals using sugar cane.
Teacher has access at school and home.
Teacher has an individual conference with the student and the student loses privileges.
Teacher has an interest in the arts.
Teacher has flexibility to work independently yet guided by adminstrator.
Teacher has good operation knowledge of hardware and can perform basic troubleshooting.
Teacher has good operational knowledge of hardware and can perform basic troubleshooting.
Teacher has option of giving topic headings to students or having students create their own.
Teacher has strong knowledge of hardware, local area networks, and wide -area networks.
Teacher has students return to their seats.
Teacher has the necessary expertise, with support from outside the school where necessary.
Teacher has the same GO on the overhead.
Teacher has to be active, fun, hard-working, and animated.
Teacher has to do the assignment too.
Teacher have Fifteen through few paper via an sugar.
Teacher have to put with kids almost all day, everyday.
Teacher helps fit the ball into the clamp.
Teacher helps out and clarifies points about the first class.
Teacher helps students choose information most compatible with classroom studies.
Teacher helps students engage in active learning by asking questions and predicting endings.
Teacher helps students find answers in in collection of non-fiction books about wolves.
Teacher helps to reinforce understanding and correct misconceptions.
Teacher helps with word- draw a T over the word helped with.
Teacher hides the ghosts.
Teacher holds an open bottle of ammonia and lets the students take a weft.
Teacher holds the ball steady with one hand by pushing down of the very edge by the clamp.
Teacher holds up a frog.
Teacher holds up a small ball of clay for the class to see.
Teacher holds up cards on which has been written number words.
Teacher holds up each card successively and allows the students to say whose name it is.
Teacher holds up pictures one at a time and discusses the grouping.
Teacher holds up rain stick and shakes it.
Teacher identifies several items as elements, compounds and mixtures.
Teacher includes both private and public school teachers.
Teacher increases number of steps in directions.
Teacher indicates lines where a word is missing.
Teacher individually asks students what the Pledge of Allegiance means in their own words.
Teacher initially sets up discussions with a literature base.
Teacher initially shares book and describes the project.
Teacher initiates communication and relationships with parents and guardians.
Teacher instructs how to create a slide show by making several slides with class.
Teacher instructs small groups on how to scan photos and pictures.
Teacher instructs students in a concept of skill.
Teacher instructs students to begin mock final exam on computer.
Teacher instructs students to finish final draft of their static image for homework.
Teacher introduces a map of the world.
Teacher introduces assignment.
Teacher introduces engineer.
Teacher introduces importance of qualitative and quantitative observations using student data.
Teacher introduces new vocabulary and students echo.
Teacher introduces students to a variety of rhyming books.
Teacher introduces the lesson by using dramatic play.
Teacher introduces the rainforest.
Teacher invites the class to exchange points and comments on the activity.
Teacher is a facilitator or a co-learner of learning.
Teacher is a organizer or monitor.
Teacher is also able to keep track of student records.
Teacher is always one such a source.
Teacher is avail- preparation preparation.
Teacher is available for guidance.
Teacher is director and moderator.
Teacher is facilitator.
Teacher is fair in the treatment of students and actively encourages fairness among students.
Teacher is forced to resign.
Teacher is given constructive feedback to direct ongoing reading practice.
Teacher is in the middle and explains the rules of the game.
Teacher is inconsistent in responding to what students are saying.
Teacher is intellectual coach.
Teacher is interpreter and checker of meaning.
Teacher is leader in demonstration.
Teacher is located in the Duluth area.
Teacher is moderator.
Teacher is more of a facilitator and less of a taskmaster.
Teacher is non-renewed.
Teacher is out of the classroom, but still loves to teach.
Teacher is placed at the accomplished level.
Teacher is pure compassion and benevolence.
Teacher is responsible for student's learning.
Teacher is responsible for supervising educational assistants.
Teacher is sole authority with respect to knowledge in the classroom.
Teacher is supported by a classroom aide.
Teacher is supported by two classroom aides.
Teacher is the transmitter of knowledge.
Teacher is to bring a bucket to school to clean and scrub the building every week.
Teacher is to exit the classroom during the evaluations.
Teacher is to wear at least two petticoats.
Teacher is very direct.
Teacher is very educated but goes too fast.
Teacher is very touching.
Teacher isa educator.
Teacher keeps a main chart for the tally sheet and calendar.
Teacher keeps one.
Teacher keeps score.
Teacher knows best.
Teacher Knows Best.
Teacher lacks control.
Teacher lacks familiarity with the students' background interests and experiences.
Teacher leads a discussion about the similarity in that tradition.
Teacher leads a discussion on marketing and media literacy.
Teacher leads a discussion on Native American games.
Teacher leads a discussion on the types of shelters that people use for their homes.
Teacher leads class discussion of which food type different beaks can successfully collect .
Teacher leads class discussion on test preparation and test taking.
Teacher leads class discussion on the environment and recycling.
Teacher leads class discussion.
Teacher leads discussion about commonly read books.
Teacher leads discussion following the first two activities are completed.
Teacher leads discussion of reading on the changes in Hispanic families.
Teacher leads discussion to create background knowledge prior to listening exercises.
Teacher leads entire class in closing circle.
Teacher leads entire class in opening circle.
Teacher leads in-class debate on best glider revision plans.
Teacher leads initial field trip around school.
Teacher leads students forward, backward, right , and left.
Teacher leads students in a discussion, writes a few sample questions on the board.
Teacher leads students in making a class list of data.
Teacher leads students through a chalk talk.
Teacher leads students through the creation of flyers, brochures, business cards, and logo graphics.
Teacher leads the questioning sequence in a whole group setting.
Teacher leads total group discussion of landmarks around school and neighborhood.
Teacher leads whole group in brainstorming.
Teacher Learn about what the teachers do.
Teacher learns how to systematically document and use student work to demonstrate student learning.
Teacher likes to be sarcastic.
Teacher Link an international community of teachers online.
Teacher listens for unintentional poetic word usage by kids and writes it down.
Teacher listens to and records data on individual student's reading skills.
Teacher lists ideas on chalkboard.
Teacher lists the observations being careful to note changes in substance and heat.
Teacher lists the responses on the board as they are being given.
Teacher locates China on overhead.
Teacher locates it on overhead map.
Teacher logs in to add assignments, score assignments, take attendance, etc.
Teacher logs onto the internet.
Teacher looks at the students when talking.
Teacher looks for depth of question, mechanical progress, etc.
Teacher loses bet with students, gets to have yogurt bath.
Teacher maintains a limited amount of student work samples and performance samples.
Teacher maintains adequate records of student progress.
Teacher make check for accuracy.
Teacher make magazines in question why in available to students their homes, are they so newspapers.
Teacher makes a clock along with students but the students put on the hands independently.
Teacher makes a list on the board.
Teacher makes adjustments that are usually effective in enhancing student motivation and learning.
Teacher makes charts labeled with the names of various fruits and vegetables in each square.
Teacher makes chopping motions with hand or puppet and orally breaks apart the word or name.
Teacher makes editing changes to each student's poem - spelling, word usage, etc.
Teacher makes judgements of the level of student understanding.
Teacher makes materials, resources and technology available to students.
Teacher makes parental contact by phone or standard letter.
Teacher makes some attempt to engage students in a true discussion, with uneven results.
Teacher makes sure that everyone has a copy of the book.
Teacher meets with district staff development trainer to adjust the course.
Teacher meets with the student to discuss areas of concern and possible solutions.
Teacher models a finished mini poof book to demonstrate a title page and the five sentences inside.
Teacher models a letter prior to the student's writing.
Teacher models a recount of the visit.
Teacher models a report based on features of report writing , eg.
Teacher models how a jack o lantern is drawn.
Teacher models how to make a set of ten using one pile of black and one pile of orange strips.
Teacher models how to measure staircase for the class.
Teacher models one or two examples on the board.
Teacher models the breakdown on an OHPT, with input from student discussion.
Teacher models the correct way to place the tiles by using overhead color squares on the drawing.
Teacher models the format for a brochure.
Teacher models the game before children participate.
Teacher models the making of the clock and the verbalization and the movements of the song.
Teacher models the oral retelling of a trickster tale.
Teacher models the retelling of a familiar myth.
Teacher models the use of the tool bar and teaches how to save files to disc.
Teacher modifies the learning environment in response to interaction with and needs of students.
Teacher monitors students by walking around the classroom.
Teacher monitors students' work and classroom behavior to ensure student participation.
Teacher monitors the groups and gives help as needed.
Teacher monitors the journals to make notes on progress or on misinformation.
Teacher monitors the ongoing performance of students.
Teacher monitors the students working in groups.
Teacher moves around books.
Teacher names an object and child finds it and repeats the name.
Teacher needs an answer-sheet with the student's names.
Teacher needs background knowledge about the field trip.
Teacher needs knowledge of the web and Internet and the ability to explain popular culture.
Teacher needs telecommunications account and knowledge of how to send e-mail.
Teacher needs telecommunications account and knowledgeof how to send e-mail.
Teacher needs to arrange for Internet accesses.
Teacher needs to arrange for plot site.
Teacher needs to assign each student a specific day and time to use the website to collect the data.
Teacher needs to be familiar with using a computer and spreadsheet software.
Teacher needs to double check all helmets and bikes to insure adequate fit.
Teacher needs to give background information before reading the novel.
Teacher needs to have all lab materials set out before the lab is to be started.
Teacher needs to have expository text well organized and grouping pre-determined.
Teacher needs to loosen up.
Teacher needs to provide wire or fishing line for hanger.
Teacher needs to walk around the room and guide the groups.
Teacher Notes Teacher Notes Use the notes to help teach the research lesson.
Teacher notices that the rest of the students in the group are making the same kind of error.
Teacher now calls the reading group over.
Teacher observes and records results.
Teacher observes child's progress, encouraging more challenge, as needed.
Teacher observes independent or group guided reading armed with the list below.
Teacher observes student interaction and checks student work for accuracy and completeness.
Teacher observes student participation during the creation of the choices chart.
Teacher observes student participation in small group and whole class discussions.
Teacher observes students' abilities to use questions and to determine further questions.
Teacher observes students and records data.
Teacher observes the students' use and knowledge of technology-based programs and websites.
Teacher occasionally uses students' responses to adjust lessons.
Teacher offers help when needed and gives a final feedback.
Teacher offers help, if necessary, in reading the words.
Teacher offers limited opportunities for students to expand their learning.
Teacher offers one of student's flowers back to student.
Teacher only responds to questions with yes or no answers.
Teacher only work perhaps six hrs.
Teacher opens the floor for discussion of the book.
Teacher orally presents dysfunctional simple machines.
Teacher passes out a pictograph dictionary to each student.
Teacher passes out index cards.
Teacher passes out materials.
Teacher passes out teacher made or commercial worksheet.
Teacher passively accepts student responses.
Teacher pauses again.
Teacher pays utilities.
Teacher performs puja.
Teacher personally fits each student.
Teacher phrases questions appropriate to learner s vocabulary.
Teacher picks a child to leave the circle.
Teacher places items on top of the head of someone and knocks it over with the air cannon.
Teacher plays for the planet and students for the space ship team.
Teacher points out that the list on the board can possibly be turned into beautiful poetry.
Teacher points the way.
Teacher pokes a small hole in the bottom of the cup.
Teacher poses a complex thought-provoking question.
Teacher poses a new topic to discuss.
Teacher poses a problem.
Teacher poses a question to the students in the class, who are sitting in pairs.
Teacher poses complex thought-provoking problem.
Teacher poses questions dealing with applications of geologic knowledge.
Teacher poses questions that are appropriate to learner s cognitive level.
Teacher poses questions that clarify or direct students' ideas.
Teacher poses written questions during each class period.
Teacher praises attempts to write as well as correct writing.
Teacher prepares cartoon transparencies.
Teacher prepares environment , offers activity , and functions as resource person .
Teacher prepares for story by discussing role of Samurai in ancient Japan.
Teacher prepares laboratory exercises to help students draw conclusions from data they collect.
Teacher prepares packet from outside materials.
Teacher prepares some practice samples illustrating the basic concepts and use of the sampler.
Teacher presents an array of symbols and a sentence board.
Teacher presents compounds and mixtures in opposition.
Teacher presents definitions and basic facts, relating new material to previously learned material.
Teacher presents key vocabulary with brief explanation.
Teacher presents standard music terminology for each element of expression.
Teacher presents the problem.
Teacher previously models how to arrange objects in order with several whole group examples.
Teacher prints each child's name onto a set of cards of uniform size.
Teacher prints the databases.
Teacher pronounces a group of three words.
Teacher pronounces words with a consonant contrast.
Teacher provides a box of items or has students bring in self selected items from home.
Teacher provides a definition of term refugee.
Teacher provides a topic or describes a task.
Teacher provides a word and the student says the word with each phoneme isolated.
Teacher provides butcher paper to run along the walls, magazines to cut stuff out of, etc.
Teacher provides coaching as needed.
Teacher provides daily outline in lecture to help students organize their chemical knowledge.
Teacher provides daily outline in lecture to help students organize their geological knowledge.
Teacher provides different viewpoints and ways of applying chemical knowledge in different settings.
Teacher provides direct instruction in use of correct grammar.
Teacher provides enrichment activities like drama or art.
Teacher provides examples and opportunity for students to produce their own writing.
Teacher provides examples, compare and discuss written language structures.
Teacher provides experiences that allow students to increase vocabulary and apply to conversation.
Teacher provides explicit instruction and models correct use of punctuation through oral reading.
Teacher provides explicit instruction and monitored practice.
Teacher provides explicit instruction based on systematic skills sequence.
Teacher provides explicit instruction with a skills sequence of phonic elements.
Teacher provides facts on population and area facts of Provinces and Territories.
Teacher provides feedback to students by circulating among the pairs and offering assistance.
Teacher provides focused instruction and practice using words with repeated phonic elements.
Teacher provides frequent opportunities for students to follow verbal directions.
Teacher provides grammar explanation for the learners.
Teacher provides guidance for citing internet sources.
Teacher provides instruction that relates only to one subject and focuses on specific skills.
Teacher provides instruction to write using words determined from previously learned words.
Teacher provides letter formation instruction for cursive writing.
Teacher provides limited use of feedback, reinforcement, and praise.
Teacher provides opportunities for practice through guided and creative writing.
Teacher provides opportunity for students to dictate stories to adults.
Teacher provides poster boards for groups.
Teacher provides private communication to students when appropriate.
Teacher provides regularly scheduled silent reading time.
Teacher provides the words and students draw a picture.
Teacher provides word lists for students to read.
Teacher provides words for student to segment.
Teacher pulls off sticky-note and reads question aloud.
Teacher puts pupils into groups.
Teacher puts the pictures into the computer and adds a sentence from the poem.
Teacher puts the students in groups of two.
Teacher puts the thousand cube in front of the child.
Teacher puts up the large comparison chart on butcher paper.
Teacher randomly assigns students to groups disregarding lesson goals and student needs.
Teacher randomly selects individual members of the groups to present.
Teacher reads a sentence, then students echo it back.
Teacher reads about the canopy.
Teacher reads along with the child at a slightly higher rate.
Teacher reads aloud a book to introduce a topic.
Teacher reads aloud a paragraph which describes an action.
Teacher reads aloud a paragraph with visual action.
Teacher reads aloud.
Teacher reads an interesting big book.
Teacher reads and makes written corrections to student stories.
Teacher reads assignment and provides written feedback to student.
Teacher reads cards.
Teacher reads description of picture and students match description to picture letter.
Teacher reads each entry.
Teacher reads each one and gives the points to the teams with the correct questions.
Teacher reads from pg.
Teacher reads interest for the first chapter and the novel.
Teacher reads one chapter at a time and students listen.
Teacher reads only questions from teacher s manual.
Teacher reads only questions from the teacher s manual.
Teacher reads out each narrative.
Teacher reads paper.
Teacher reads poem.
Teacher reads problem out aloud or distributes problem statement.
Teacher reads sentence with verb left out.
Teacher reads sentence.
Teacher reads several of the instruments aloud to acquaint the students with the unusual names.
Teacher reads statement.
Teacher reads the book to students.
Teacher reads the book.
Teacher reads the first part of the speech and locates and discusses some examples.
Teacher reads the narrative text, and the students read the dialogue, with much expression.
Teacher reads the next section and follows the procedure in the previous step.
Teacher reads the page.
Teacher reads the story out loud to the whole class.
Teacher reads the text with as few stops as possible.
Teacher reads the title and shows cover to the students.
Teacher reads the worksheet instructions and questions aloud with students.
Teacher reads to class.
Teacher reads to the class from the appropriate sources about what the rainforest produces.
Teacher realizes that there are other questions possible, but keys in on the last question.
Teacher receives package and administers program.
Teacher records ideas on butcher paper.
Teacher records responses on a chart on the board.
Teacher records students responses on the board.
Teacher records the number of salmon at the beginning of the game and at the end of each round.
Teacher records the questions about birds.
Teacher redescribes the conception in the light of the student's expression or action.
Teacher reflects on action to modify description.
Teacher regret off a figures although hid cal state fullerton baseball hat.
Teacher reinforces the concepts of mean, median, mode and range.
Teacher relates the senses to other previous lessons about the body, and physical awareness.
Teacher remarks on one of the good reading behaviors before correcting a mistake.
Teacher reminds student that first and second tardies equal one unexcused absence.
Teacher reminds students about adjective agreement.
Teacher reminds students about the uses and forms of the imperfect.
Teacher reminds students of comprehensive final exam scheduled for last day of class.
Teacher reminds students to be careful with adjective agreement.
Teacher removes appropriate record-keeping information or emergency folders from the classroom.
Teacher reports from as many years as possible, including early elementary school.
Teacher reports on curriculum content reveal many math topics, but little focus.
Teacher reprimands student for poor handwriting.
Teacher requests a conference with child and administrator.
Teacher requires close and frequent supervision in the performance of all responsibilities.
Teacher requires students to work together in and outside of class.
Teacher requires students to work together in class.
Teacher requires students to write answers to all tests.
Teacher resources Our children are the future guardians of the Queensland environment.
Teacher responds by describing the situation in a full sentence.
Teacher responds to the peer reviewers' comments.
Teacher returns assignment Students read teacher's feedback.
Teacher returns to original text of prepared speech.
Teacher reviews how to save to disc.
Teacher reviews previously given information, or summarizes information given.
Teacher reviews the characteristics common among children's literature examples.
Teacher reviews the inferencing poster with the students.
Teacher reviews three types of variables.
Teacher reviews uses of the imperfect to discuss actions and events in the past.
Teacher rolls the dice between the lines.
Teacher rolls the number cube or spins the spinner.
Teacher rotates among groups, listening to explanations, making notes.
Teacher rotates providing assistance, support, and supervision of and for the group task.
Teacher runs off handouts, students cut, assemble and join skeleton with brads.
Teacher salaries Teacher salaries are the largest component of educational cost in any country.
Teacher salaries too low.
Teacher saves as quick time movie.
Teacher saves each illustration in the student portfolio.
Teacher saves face, kids get to do a show they want to do.
Teacher saves the databases.
Teacher say, student do.
Teacher says a word with each phoneme separated.
Teacher says get a German bow.
Teacher says it all so clearly.
Teacher says nothing.
Teacher says things above the human level can only be obtained through giving up first.
Teacher says, everytime a bell rings, an angel gets their wings.
Teacher says. . . .
Teacher scrolls down to section about animal in a tropical rainforest.
Teacher seeks professional growth and language development.
Teacher seeks pupil.
Teacher seeks to have students extend their answers or explanations by asking probing questions.
Teacher selects a puzzling situation or problem that is of interest to students.
Teacher selects an item to estimate.
Teacher selects groups of four or five students with attention to diversity of age and gender.
Teacher selects number from envelope to choose person on selecting team to agree or disagree.
Teacher selects one product, previously tested by students, to be identified.
Teacher selects only objectives appropriate for class.
Teacher selects pairs of students and each pair signs up for a battle.
Teacher selects specific letter or vowel sound to be practiced.
Teacher selects students and sends results to the central database.
Teacher selects students.
Teacher selects the headings, portion of chapter or diagrams that relates to objectives.
Teacher selects the sum of coins from one of the strips.
Teacher selects three random days throughout a week.
Teacher sends a written report home and a copy to the office.
Teacher sends letter home to Parents.
Teacher sends student to the office to complete a student conduct report.
Teacher sets new goal to achieve with student assistance.
Teacher Sets the parameters of the assignment.
Teacher sets up classes and is able to follow student progress.
Teacher sets up same experiment using vegetable oil.
Teacher shares the importance of meeting new friends and the pleasure of creating a class book.
Teacher shortages a concern.
Teacher shows a model.
Teacher shows flashcard.
Teacher shows food pyramid from Golden Book Encyclopedia.
Teacher shows globe and teaches that there are children all over the world.
Teacher shows how to slide the sounds together by having students link their arms.
Teacher shows limited enthusiasm for the topic being taught.
Teacher shows respect to students and students in return show respect to the teacher.
Teacher shows solution process of students who solve a given problem differently.
Teacher shows the chart and asks students to say what they see.
Teacher shows the students the chart with picture of key words for the song.
Teacher shuffles the colors then randomly selects one.
Teacher signs up for free account.
Teacher sings another melodic pattern and so on.
Teacher sits with child and look through a magazine, or picture book.
Teacher solicits questions from the class.
Teacher speaks a special pattern with a neutral syllable or plays it on an instrument.
Teacher speaks to each group giving feedback or probing questions to get ideas started.
Teacher spends the entire hour patting each child softly on the head.
Teacher spins student spinner.
Teacher spins team spinner and person standing in team gives their answer.
Teacher stands at back of class with students facing forward.
Teacher stands three feet behind the child's back.
Teacher start from little afternoon however bore lara and croft.
Teacher starts to beat the drum at any speed and the children are to take a step on every drum beat.
Teacher states a calculation.
Teacher states that the day's topic is on marine mammals.
Teacher steps sideways with left foot on stressed beat.
Teacher stipends for key collaborators.
Teacher strikes idle kids.
Teacher strikes the match and lights the candle.
Teacher strive to find the best in their students, even where some see little hope.
Teacher submits disciplinary infraction to appropriate administrator.
Teacher successfully engages all students in the discussion.
Teacher suggests what children can do to play together happily.
Teacher summarizes all responses.
Teacher summarizes conclusions and makes connections to mathematical concepts.
Teacher summarizes the major concepts of the lesson.
Teacher sums up the lesson.
Teacher superficially acknowledges differences within the class.
Teacher supports the consensus.
Teacher swollen behind one haste finally boast shallow grave.
Teacher take a small piece of ribbon and a straight pin.
Teacher takes coil of wire,and attaches ends of wire to battery.
Teacher takes dictation.
Teacher takes on new challenge .
Teacher takes running record or coaches.
Teacher Teaches full-time at undergraduate level.
Teacher teaches government and politics at the high school or college level.
Teacher teaches no more.
Teacher teaches one sport or active game that students can play.
Teacher teaches students how to retell from another perspective.
Teacher teaches the students the Pledge of Allegiance.
Teacher tells pupils that past tense means adding 'ed' behind the verb.
Teacher tells story of The Gingerbread Man using the book.
Teacher tells students what their about to begin studding.
Teacher tells students what they are going to begin studding.
Teacher tells students which order to line up.
Teacher tells the students what the stars and stripes stand for.
Teacher then approaches and instructs each student to finish answering the questions.
Teacher then asks class to infer how it works.
Teacher then asks questions about the story.
Teacher then asks students to share their clay pot stories with the class.
Teacher then asks the student to point to the picture relating to the rhyme.
Teacher then calls out the following commands in any order and offer suggestions.
Teacher then follows up children s comments with a sheet to record predictions.
Teacher then goes cards.
Teacher then instructs the students to search the web for their family heritage.
Teacher then makes copies in list form so students can easily input data.
Teacher then picks random students to present their problems on the board.
Teacher then presents a new array and moves on to the next sentence.
Teacher then takes the roll.
Teacher tries to use humor in class.
Teacher turns lights on and off quickly.
Teacher uses a web of own name to extend thinking.
Teacher uses an analogy of a lawyer trying to convince a jury.
Teacher uses an evaluation question in order to get students to justify their data.
Teacher uses appropriate grouping to achieve maximum learning for all students.
Teacher uses facial expression to indicate interest, doubt, approval and occasionally disapproval.
Teacher uses fingers to show math problems.
Teacher uses flexibility in pacing to address the content, with little regard to the learner.
Teacher uses ink jet printer for map transparency.
Teacher uses intended column.
Teacher uses internet to present lesson material, examples, etc.
Teacher uses journal to write reflectively and collects some data systematically.
Teacher uses journal to write reflectively.
Teacher uses lectures and demonstrations.
Teacher uses manuals, textbooks, and activities from various resources.
Teacher uses motivator to pique student s interest.
Teacher uses multiple instructional strategies, teaching aids.
Teacher uses one teaching strategy effectively.
Teacher uses online projects.
Teacher uses only one type of assessment.
Teacher uses overhead transparencies of cartoons to explain selected concepts.
Teacher uses questioning to engage deeper levels of student inquiry.
Teacher uses rubric developed with students for judging presentations.
Teacher uses the chalkboard, creating a realistic image by drawing a rectangle and triangle.
Teacher uses the questions to stimulate discussion about acceptance and welcome of refugees.
Teacher uses the rubric, assigns a score and final grade then shares with each student.
Teacher uses the same pacing for all instruction.
Teacher uses verbal explanations.
Teacher utilizes both lecture and student input.
Teacher utilizes lecture as the primary mechanism to provide students information.
Teacher utilizes small group or pairs of students to edit peers' writing.
Teacher utilizes techniques of wait time inconsistently.
Teacher varies teaching strategies, but none are used effectively.
Teacher verbally acknowledges all responses.
Teacher verbally informs students about performance standards and assessment criteria.
Teacher very likes pantyhose, of sweet girls and sex.
Teacher wakes up.
Teacher walks around the room and observes the student s participation.
Teacher walks around the room to encourage ideas.
Teacher walks around worktime different different and gets involved with record sheet.
Teacher walks into the classroom with a very large shopping bag.
Teacher walks the class and helps students who seem to be stuck.
Teacher Wanted Come join a staff of professionals who learn and grow with our students daily.
Teacher weighs both liquids and records results.
Teacher winds up music box at the beginning of the week.
Teacher wipes a damp sponge across the chalkboard and asks the class to watch what happens.
Teacher wipes a damp sponge across the chalkboard.
Teacher wonders out loud what killifishes eat in water and asks students what they think.
Teacher works in conjunction with a professor of a teacher education class.
Teacher workshops to help teachers use photographic images and processes are available.
Teacher wraps up by telling students that they have come up with some excellent suggestions.
Teacher write the words on a chart or chalkboard.
Teacher write the words on chart.
Teacher writes a letter on the paper.
Teacher writes all the words on the board.
Teacher writes an informative ad with mistakes and students correct it in groups.
Teacher writes and reads back each child's words.
Teacher writes days of week on board.
Teacher writes details on a larger index card to post next to each animal's name.
Teacher writes down all the information the students brainstorm on the board or chart paper.
Teacher writes down answers from group reporters on overhead, chalk board, or butcher paper.
Teacher writes down phrases of ordinary child conversation and reads it back as free verse poems.
Teacher writes information on the board.
Teacher writes it on an index card.
Teacher writes letter of resignation or request for leave of absence to appropriate administrator.
Teacher writes letters on front chalkboard.
Teacher writes on board as the whole class contributes.
Teacher writes on board or overhead.
Teacher writes rules for safe walking onboard as they are brought out in class discussion.
Teacher writes student responses on the board.
Teacher writes the information on the board.
Teacher writes the responses on a chart.
Teacher writes the word on the board.
Teacher writes what the child says on the page.
Teachers accentuate the positive in each child.
Teachers accept children's approximations of spellings.
Teachers accept donations for their teaching of the retreat.
Teachers accept students citywide.
Teachers access and evaluate a wide range of curricular resources critical to their disciplines.
Teachers access the library's resources to assist with instruction.
Teachers accommodate a wide range of learning styles by individualizing instruction.
Teachers accompany all school district groups of kids.
Teachers accordingly spend most of their nonteaching work hours at home.
Teachers account for textbooks by number in each subject field.
Teachers account for the largest number of workers in the industry.
Teachers account of life in a tough modern school.
Teachers acknowledge that the best thing to do sometimes is just get out of the way.
Teachers act as a bridge between the producers and users of educational media.
Teachers act as coaches, advisors, and mentors to the students.
Teachers act as coaches, learning with their teams, rather than as conveyors of information.
Teachers act as facilitators allowing information to be gathered using the scientific method.
Teachers act as facilitators and guides.
Teachers act as facilitators, fellow learners, and evaluators of the learning experience.
Teachers act as liaisons between ophthalmologists, optometrists and the school staff.
Teachers act as problem presenters instead of problem solvers.
Teachers act like kids.
Teachers act primarily as guides and mentors.
Teachers act primarily as tutors.
Teachers actively participate in choral sessions and help organize concerts.
Teachers actively participate in curriculum improvement.
Teachers actively promote safety on a daily basis.
Teachers actively search out resources that help in understanding, technique, and method.
Teachers actively seek to relate all learning to the everyday world outside the classroom.
Teachers actually spend more time teaching than maintaining order.
Teachers adapt the materials and resources for their particular classrooms and communities.
Teachers adapt the resources to whatever level they are working with.
Teachers adapt their teaching for the benefit of students with special needs.
Teachers add their observations.
Teachers add to the core to meet the unique needs of the students in their classes.
Teachers address all aspects of student development.
Teachers address specific learning areas in the use of hardware and software.
Teachers administer the majority of the school libraries.
Teachers adopt their lessons to cater for the needs and personality of each student in their class.
Teachers advance one step on salary schedule.
Teachers advance up a four-step career ladder by meeting district goals.
Teachers advise and assist students in adjusting the scope of their projects.
Teachers advise each other and comment on the progress of individual efforts.
Teachers advise students.
Teachers affect eternity . . .
Teachers affect eternity, no one can tell where their influence stops.
Teachers affect eternity.
Teachers affect the future.
Teachers affect the upcoming generation.
Teachers again coach students through h the initial stages to the practice of presentation.
Teachers agree on the importance of ownership.
Teachers agree that clusters foster a sense of school pride for teachers and students.
Teachers agree that model rocketry is an exciting learning tool.
Teachers agree that more students are harder to speak with individually.
Teachers agree that time is indeed stretched thin.
Teachers aim at turning loose mind's eyes.
Teachers aim to cater for the individual needs of all children in a variety of ways.
Teachers aim to create awareness of the history and traditions of Yemen but also of other cultures.
Teachers aim to develop and foster creative positive learning experiences.
Teachers aim to help children understand that spelling correctly helps to communicate meaning.
Teachers alert the school nurse to the problem and enlists the help of the school counselor.
Teachers align their curriculum with the learning standards.
Teachers align their instruction with the required curriculum.
Teachers align their lessons to high standards.
Teachers allow children to arrange materials in a creative way within safe limits.
Teachers allow students to create a dramatic production to show off talents.
Teachers allow students to grow and develop at their own rates.
Teachers alone determine whether a student is present, absent, or tardy.
Teachers already feel over-worked and resent their roles as surrogate parents and psychiatrists.
Teachers already have a busy day.
Teachers already have a hard enough job as it is.
Teachers already have broad immunity .
Teachers already have so much to keep up with.
Teachers already pay for school supplies out of their own pocket to ensure our education.
Teachers already report improvements in class performance, especially attendance and behavior.
Teachers already see improvements in tutored students concentration and language skills.
Teachers already see the handwriting on the wall.
Teachers already use a great deal of technology and technological products.
Teachers also absorb helpful techniques that can be integrated into normal classroom activities.
Teachers also allow the students to take part in helping write a paper.
Teachers also appreciate the system.
Teachers also are happy to talk to mentors, but be sure to find an appropriate time to meet.
Teachers also are highly valued and encouraged.
Teachers also are responsible for the safety and wellbeing of their students while in their care.
Teachers also are strapped for time.
Teachers also are unaware or confused about district and school civic education policies.
Teachers also ask higher-order thinking questions to help students think beyond the story.
Teachers also assign new material to be learned, memorized, and performed while at camp.
Teachers also attend conferences and workshops that are offered in the county.
Teachers also attend outside conferences and seminars.
Teachers also begin their day with prayer and reflection.
Teachers also believe that drugs are a problem in the district.
Teachers also benefit by receiving free workshops and supplemental materials.
Teachers also benefit from access to teacher study groups and networks.
Teachers also benefit from block scheduling.
Teachers also benefit from in-class coaching, peer coaching, mentoring, and structured feedback.
Teachers also benefit from looping.
Teachers also benefit from networking with their peers via telecommunications.
Teachers also benefit from studying of self-selected topics.
Teachers also benefit from the personal attention provided.
Teachers also benefit from thinking about what they most enjoy in teaching.
Teachers also benefit when they think about what they most enjoy in teaching.
Teachers also benefit with less absenteeism due to vocal fatigue and stress.
Teachers also bring different pedagogical understandings and expertise to the group discussions.
Teachers also bring their students into the library to select special topic books or to do research.
Teachers also can access comparative data on the electronic database to identify trends.
Teachers also can adapt their instruction.
Teachers also can assess students' knowledge and insight by listening and observing.
Teachers also can earn credit for participating in programs at the center.
Teachers also can expel a student from the classroom for one day.
Teachers also can present lessons based on broad themes that span across various disciplines.
Teachers also can scrutinize textbooks.
Teachers also can submit their own materials for sharing.
Teachers also can use prior knowledge to make instruction more meaningful.
Teachers also can write notes about progress, behavior and any other issues.
Teachers also chart a class average and a grade average in each area.
Teachers also chart student interactions and evaluate progress each semester.
Teachers also cite ack of training and time as barriers to involving parents.
Teachers also collaborate with the group of teachers teaching the same academic subject.
Teachers also collect resources and develop actual lesson plans and assessment strategies.
Teachers also come into the room to use the computer resources.
Teachers also communicate daily with parents regarding the child's day.
Teachers also complain that the credentialing process itself is a barrier.
Teachers also conduct state and national presentations in critical areas.
Teachers also consider the long-term social and ethical implications of their decisions.
Teachers also continue to receive support throughout the school year.
Teachers also convey the predetermined concept of heterosexuality to students.
Teachers also create the presentation documents that are on file in the library.
Teachers also deserve choice.
Teachers also deserve the same treatment.
Teachers also deserve to sleep in.
Teachers also design activities that motivate students to become active learners.
Teachers also develop a unit outline to use community-based field research with students.
Teachers also develop additional assessments for classroom use.
Teachers also develop goals for each student, which they go over with the principal.
Teachers also differ in how they determine grades.
Teachers also discuss and demonstrate strategies for evaluation.
Teachers also discuss such issues as time and classroom management.
Teachers also do their entire lesson plans and grade book on the computer.
Teachers also employ cooperative learning strategies to develop teaming and social skills.
Teachers also employ cooperative learning to develop teaming and social skills.
Teachers also employ technology to prepare students for the world of the future.
Teachers also encourage parents and students to go to their local public library.
Teachers also enjoy our educator inservices.
Teachers also enjoy the help.
Teachers also enrich the regular curriculum through the use of challenging activities.
Teachers also enroll in professional growth classes regardless of requirements.
Teachers also examine their own grading systems and error rates.
Teachers also exchange information about how to effectively integrate the web into the classroom.
Teachers also experience greater satisfaction teaching in smaller learning environments.
Teachers also experience major adjustments.
Teachers also express frustration about finding good software to meet their classroom needs.
Teachers also face the dangers of student accusations.
Teachers also feel safe.
Teachers also feel threatened when standardized testing begins because of the comparison of scores.
Teachers also fill out annual surveys, which the principal alone sees.
Teachers also find it stimulating to teach at Prep.
Teachers also find lots of ideas they can use in the classroom at our special events.
Teachers also find that teaching the same workshop each week is easier.
Teachers also find that the benefits for both the big and little buddies are immense.
Teachers also find the environment rich for their own learning.
Teachers also find the school program valuable.
Teachers also find the stereotyping of children to be an issue in the classroom.
Teachers also follow detailed lesson plans.
Teachers also gain from the show tremendously.
Teachers also gain hands-on experience using digital cameras, scanners, and digital video cameras.
Teachers also gain technical support from the school's systems administrator.
Teachers also get a housing allowance and a small medical allowance.
Teachers also get more time to grade etc.
Teachers also go to other kindergartens to teach English.
Teachers also have a good time.
Teachers also have a listserv for their colleague communication.
Teachers also have a responsibility to the community.
Teachers also have a valuable role in planning for children when a move is planned.
Teachers also have access to a digital camera, video camera, video presenter and scanner.
Teachers also have access to read and delete messages.
Teachers also have access to scanners, digital cameras and computer microscopes to enhance learning.
Teachers also have an individual conference time scheduled.
Teachers also have computers available to use in their classrooms to enhance instruction.
Teachers also have computers in their classrooms available for students to use at any time.
Teachers also have conference opportunities each year, as well as ongoing training in the building.
Teachers also have e-mail access.
Teachers also have many opportunities to provide staff development for their colleagues.
Teachers also have more self-appraisals to do, and there's paperwork for reflections on the job.
Teachers also have opportunities for self-assessment.
Teachers also have professional development opportunities.
Teachers also have regular common planning time to plan, and critique, learning expeditions.
Teachers also have students create web pages to publish their work.
Teachers also have the ability to generate customized tests.
Teachers also have the opportunity to model respect with their students.
Teachers also have the option of attending after-school training.
Teachers also have the right to ask for another review if they disagree with the first one.
Teachers also have the same responsibilities.
Teachers also have their own classroom computers and have e-mail and Internet capabilities.
Teachers also have their own separate dining room.
Teachers also have time to plan, as a team.
Teachers also have to be educated in the field so they are able to pass it on to the students.
Teachers also have to deal with teenagers all day long.
Teachers also have to deal with the emotional aspect of teaching.
Teachers also have to follow certain guidelines, rules, and regulations.
Teachers also have to make sure they follow through with their discipline.
Teachers also have to talk to children a great deal.
Teachers also have to teach discipline.
Teachers also have to work with each other and their administrators.
Teachers also have voice-mail and email.
Teachers also hear performances by ensembles from area schools with quality music programs.
Teachers also help children make gifts to welcome their new siblings.
Teachers also immerse in a home stay environment.
Teachers also indicate whether students require additional support.
Teachers also inquire about funding for assistive products.
Teachers also integrate music, movement, recitation, art and literature into academic lessons.
Teachers also integrate writing activities into the social studies and science programs.
Teachers also interact more with parents than at traditional schools.
Teachers also involve students in writing projects.
Teachers also keep many different pesticides in the classrooms.
Teachers also keep parents informed through written materials.
Teachers also lead staff development programs.
Teachers also learn a great deal from each other through networking opportunities.
Teachers also learn astronomy hands-on activities.
Teachers also learn from non-BLM scientists during the week.
Teachers also learn from their principals.
Teachers also learn how their behavior impacts the classroom environment.
Teachers also learn how to create outdoor classroom stations on or near their campuses.
Teachers also learn how to evaluate the content of sites they find.
Teachers also learn how to use data taken from particulate air monitors in their communities.
Teachers also learn micropipetting and how to solve a solution mystery.
Teachers also learn to avoid making assumptions about others.
Teachers also learn what a computer virus is and how to use virus checking procedures.
Teachers also like to hear from new hires-perhaps a recent college graduate or a former intern.
Teachers also lose bereavement and maternity leave.
Teachers also maintain records of work done in individual classes and of topics chosen.
Teachers also make note of the child's disposition throughout the day on both the charts and notes.
Teachers also make the difference.
Teachers also meet after school for additional planning.
Teachers also meet with parents and serve on school committees.
Teachers also meet with parents throughout the school year.
Teachers also meet with the school psychologist and with learning specialists.
Teachers also motivate through inspiration.
Teachers also note any Extended activities children have mastered.
Teachers also observe the in various settings.
Teachers also oversee follow-up activities for students once they return to regular school.
Teachers also participate in administrative endorsements.
Teachers also participate in education conferences and workshops.
Teachers also participate in hands-on training sessions throughout the academic year.
Teachers also participate in the provincial hospital and medical insurance plans.
Teachers also participate on many school and district committees.
Teachers also pin down ideas for their technology-enhanced lesson.
Teachers also plagiarize rather frequently.
Teachers also play a critical role.
Teachers also play a significant role in the purchase of educational software for the home.
Teachers also play an important part in the program.
Teachers also point to school book clubs as a factor in sales growth.
Teachers also point to the number of two-earner couples as part of the problem.
Teachers also praise the program.
Teachers also prepare the bread and water for the sacrament service.
Teachers also present what they think is important.
Teachers also promote an interest in current affairs.
Teachers also provide a variety of incentives for their students within their own classrooms.
Teachers also provide a written commentary and analysis of the videotape.
Teachers also provide an excellent means for distributing literature to their students.
Teachers also provide enrichment activities to engage the brightest students.
Teachers also provide guidance on interpretation of the reading material.
Teachers also provide students with story time, circle time and table top time.
Teachers also rate themselves.
Teachers also rave about the monitoring tools to track each child's progress.
Teachers also receive a handbook on using the newspaper.
Teachers also receive a lesson plan.
Teachers also receive a small stipend for their work.
Teachers also receive a teaching guide to accompany each issue.
Teachers also receive an appropriate resource packet to use in their classrooms .
Teachers also receive assistance with state certification requirements.
Teachers also receive compensation for continuing service.
Teachers also receive grade-level planning time in order to develop consistency and teamwork.
Teachers also receive grade-level planning time in order to develop goals.
Teachers also receive inservice credit for attending.
Teachers also receive in-service points.
Teachers also receive oil for their regular attendance, which has reduced teacher absenteeism.
Teachers also receive ongoing training and form inquiry teams to support their work.
Teachers also receive online support through a dedicated web-site.
Teachers also receive resource materials and activities about the topics discussed.
Teachers also receive special student supplements.
Teachers also receive training four days per week.
Teachers also receive training in assessment of program effectiveness and student performance.
Teachers also receive training in service-learning projects to benefit the Bay.
Teachers also receive training in the lab.
Teachers also receive weekly activity units via email and daily update information.
Teachers also reinforce that depth day to day.
Teachers also rely heavily on open-ended questions and promote extensive dialogue among students.
Teachers also rely on the goodwill of parents to establish a good atmosphere in the classroom.
Teachers also report health problems to parents and school health officials.
Teachers also report higher morale and better attendance and test scores.
Teachers also report more cases of severe depression among students.
Teachers also report more in-depth coverage of material studied.
Teachers also report on challenges facing minority, poor, and disabled children.
Teachers also report students are more alert during the first two periods of the school day.
Teachers also report that their work is eclectic.
Teachers also require more time to collaborate with other educators.
Teachers also reward students for doing homework and for perfect attendance.
Teachers also say it's impossible to cram an entire course into a four-week summer school session.
Teachers also say online classes tend to bring students out more.
Teachers also say support from administrators is lacking.
Teachers also schedule special times for study skills and other uses of the media center.
Teachers also see how children learn and behave within large groups of children of similar age.
Teachers also see the beginnings of the use of landmarks as students play games and solve problems.
Teachers also seek a pension increase Legislators are working to get increases for state workers.
Teachers also seek funding outside the school district.
Teachers also seem to be shooting at a moving target.
Teachers also seem to catch the students' enthusiasm.
Teachers also send home a variety of progress reports and updates throughout the year.
Teachers also send home weekly behavior reports.
Teachers also serve as academic and extracurricular advisors.
Teachers also serve as coaches, mentors, chaperones, and counselors to their students.
Teachers also serve as monitors of students' developing facility with reasoning.
Teachers also share and exchange educational ideas.
Teachers also share their experiences with supplemental science programs.
Teachers also spend excessive time in test preparation activities of questionable educational value.
Teachers also stimulate the students' interests through thought-provoking games.
Teachers also study best practices in building literacy in young children.
Teachers also study ways to have deeper communication with the students.
Teachers also submit photos that they take.
Teachers also take advantage of a wide variety of staff development activities.
Teachers also take examinations focusing on their knowledge of their specific teaching area.
Teachers also take homework and class participation into account in the overall grade.
Teachers also tend to accept wrong answers from girls and make boys work harder.
Teachers also tend to pass on personal luxuries because money can be better spent.
Teachers also tend to spend more time on important topics.
Teachers also try to encourage more parent involvement and monitor children's progress via testing.
Teachers also try to help students make better choices and to avoid peer pressure.
Teachers also use creative dramatics and puppetry to bring literature to life.
Teachers also use homework assignments to tap students' funds of knowledge.
Teachers also use phonics instruction techniques, teaching letter sounds and blends.
Teachers also use phonics instruction techniques, teaching letters and sounds as needed.
Teachers also use quizzes, key questions and checklists as assessment tools.
Teachers also use reading incentives.
Teachers also use research on best teaching practices to design their own programs.
Teachers also use single computers with projection devices to demonstrate and promote discussion.
Teachers also use the letters to facilitate teaching.
Teachers also use the system for e-mail.
Teachers also use the system for enrichment.
Teachers also volunteer to help members with their homework.
Teachers also work countless hours before and after school helping students to be more successful.
Teachers also work very hard when the students are in the classroom.
Teachers also worry about the continuity and quality of lessons when they are out of the classroom.
Teachers also write and ask for help with topics and certain approaches for the classroom.
Teachers also write narrative descriptions of their students' progress twice a year.
Teachers also write self-evaluations and create professional portfolios.
Teachers alternate quarterly or more often.
Teachers analyze student work at monthly staff meetings to determine effective strategies.
Teachers analyze the results of teaching.
Teachers announce answers.
Teachers announce instruction.
Teachers annually review the test results looking for strengths and weaknesses.
Teachers appear to be looking forward to teaching kids the new subject, moreover.
Teachers appear to be motivated by accountability and performance-based incentives.
Teachers apply and expand their new knowledge as they work with children in their classrooms.
Teachers apply for admission to the program on behalf of their students.
Teachers apply ideas.
Teachers apply research skills to gathering varied resources in their own communities.
Teachers apply teaching strategies they learn from the course.
Teachers apply technology to develop students' higher-order skills and creativity.
Teachers apply technology to facilitate a variety of effective assessment and evaluation strategies.
Teachers apply technology to increase productivity.
Teachers apply through their schools to become institute participants.
Teachers apply to multiple sites, some more attractive than others.
Teachers appreciate advance notice.
Teachers appreciate all the parents who are volunteering in the classroom.
Teachers appreciate and nurture the uniqueness of each student.
Teachers appreciate beauty.
Teachers appreciate being able to reproduce pages for classroom use.
Teachers appreciate families who take the time and make the effort to come to school.
Teachers appreciate feedback.
Teachers appreciate hearing from parents who have questions about homework.
Teachers appreciate honesty and candor.
Teachers appreciate how difficult it is to be a parent.
Teachers appreciate how it builds listening and vocabulary skills.
Teachers appreciate how quickly it works.
Teachers appreciate knowing about habits, likes and dislikes.
Teachers appreciate parent volunteers for field trips and special art projects.
Teachers appreciate partnerships, which help children learn and grow.
Teachers appreciate positive notes.
Teachers appreciate the evaluation and record-keeping features of the entire 'PC' product line.
Teachers appreciate the extra help.
Teachers appreciate the full solutions included in our question banks.
Teachers appreciate the precision and versatility of the Ellison Machine.
Teachers appreciate the quality of the final draft, thus streamlining the evaluation process.
Teachers appreciate the single consistent interface and the ease of use of the management system.
Teachers appreciate the time and support they receive throughout the year.
Teachers appreciate the well-organized activities and the wide range of teaching materials.
Teachers appreciate their ability to respond instantly with the appropriate level of help.
Teachers Are . . .
Teachers are a big constituency.
Teachers are a critical element of educational excellence.
Teachers are a good example.
Teachers are a hot commodity.
Teachers are a key factor in what mathematics students learn and how well they learn it.
Teachers are a key link in our education system.
Teachers are a link to the future.
Teachers are a member of the teaching profession.
Teachers are a mixture of nationalities.
Teachers are a primary role model in most children's lives.
Teachers are a proud, quiet, and painfully hard-working group.
Teachers are a stoic bunch.
Teachers are a terrific example.
Teachers are a unique type of clientele for instructional designers.
Teachers are a valuable key to our country's future.
Teachers are a very important part of the equation.
Teachers are a very tough audience.
Teachers are a vital element in the success and growth of students.
Teachers are a vital force in American society.
Teachers are able to access lesson plans from teachers around the world.
Teachers are able to access student work through printouts.
Teachers are able to adapt and refine their instruction to better taylor to student needs.
Teachers are able to better provide an interactive environment that motivates students to learn.
Teachers are able to better share ideas.
Teachers are able to borrow collections of books and materials to use in their classrooms.
Teachers are able to choose where they want to work now.
Teachers are able to choose whether they teach children, adults, or both.
Teachers are able to collaborate in planning and practicing instructional lessons.
Teachers are able to connect with other teachers to share failures and successes.
Teachers are able to count on their computers being up and running.
Teachers are able to customize activities.
Teachers are able to design their own programs to fit their curriculum.
Teachers are able to determine instructional level for each student in their class.
Teachers are able to download a variety of tracking maps for use in their classrooms.
Teachers are able to download whole Web site of interest for later offline surfing by students.
Teachers are able to effectively address the individual needs of each student.
Teachers are able to encourage each student to excel in our small class sizes.
Teachers are able to evaluate themselves.
Teachers are able to fill a broader role.
Teachers are able to focus on areas of expertise.
Teachers are able to gather pertinent and accurate data from a variety of sources on the Internet.
Teachers are able to incorporate what they observe and learn into their curriculum.
Teachers ARE able to make a difference.
Teachers are able to note students' routine classroom activities during observations.
Teachers are able to plan different kinds of lessons .
Teachers are able to plan different kinds of lessons.
Teachers are able to present their students with a personal gift at holiday time.
Teachers are able to search and order materials on-line.
Teachers are able to share ideas and materials through grade level meetings.
Teachers are able to share information with one another through their own bulletin boards .
Teachers are able to share lesson plans related to tobacco and related health issues.
Teachers are able to take the regular curriculum to a greater depth using the resources on the net.
Teachers are able to think more deeply about their teaching and what students are learning.
Teachers are able to use a powerful set of online pedagogical tools to facilitate instruction.
Teachers are able to wait and let children do things for themselves.
Teachers are abstraction.
Teachers are academics.
Teachers are accessible and generous with their time in helping individuals.
Teachers are accessible to students outside of class.
Teachers are accountable for results.
Teachers are accountable for the growth and progress of students.
Teachers are accountable for the responsible use of technology throughout the school.
Teachers are accountable for their teaching.
Teachers are accountable to state boards or departments of education.
Teachers are accountable to students, parents, fellow educators, and their profession.
Teachers are accountable to their students, the school district, and parents.
Teachers are active learners with their students.
Teachers are active participants in children's learning.
Teachers are active.
Teachers are acutely aware of both sides of the balance.
Teachers are adamant about the educational value of the day.
Teachers are adult and youth volunteers.
Teachers are adult learners and respond most readily to topics they select.
Teachers are afraid of kids because the kids are bigger.
Teachers are afraid of students.
Teachers are afraid of technology.
Teachers are afraid to discipline wayward students and teach common-sense values in our classrooms.
Teachers are afraid to guide the students too much in case they stifle creativity.
Teachers are afraid to teach.
Teachers are afraid.
Teachers are agents of socialization .
Teachers are agents that keep hope alive.
Teachers are alert to signs of abuse.
Teachers are all church members.
Teachers are all experienced innovaters.
Teachers are all native speakers.
Teachers are all part of a puzzle, and one piece is just as important as any other piece.
Teachers are all qualified and lists of private tutors are available.
Teachers are already afraid to give a pupil a hug anymore.
Teachers are already very busy.
Teachers are also a good source of encourgement.
Teachers are also a little jittery that first morning.
Teachers are also able to create their own subject specific on-line quizzes.
Teachers are also able to develop stronger relationships with parents.
Teachers are also able to focus, making the best use of their time.
Teachers are also able to publish their lesson plans on the Internet to help other teachers.
Teachers are also able to track students progress using the integrated class-management module.
Teachers are also able to use the bubble-jet printer to print overhead colour transparencies.
Teachers are also afraid.
Teachers are also available for telephone conferences.
Teachers are also available outside of class for advising and individual help.
Teachers are also available via e-mail for brief and routine communications.
Teachers are also aware that change requires time to learn new methods and plan in new ways.
Teachers are also be able to access a variety of other resources.
Teachers are also concerned about a lack of labs, equipment, supplies and adequate textbooks.
Teachers are also eligible for bonuses based on improvements in school performance.
Teachers are also encourage to submit ideas to include in future issues.
Teachers are also free to discuss specialized needs for their individual classes.
Teachers are also happy about the project and are joining in to help.
Teachers are also helpers.
Teachers are also in sales.
Teachers are also interested in exchanging ideas with academics.
Teachers are also involved in the uniform process, wearing similar polo shirts and blazers.
Teachers are also involved, of course.
Teachers are also learners.
Teachers are also more likely to call on boys to volunteer an answer.
Teachers are also of interest to genealogical researchers.
Teachers are also on the selection committee for the hiring of principals in our system.
Teachers are also part of the school's success.
Teachers are also pleased to discuss applications at other times by appointment.
Teachers are also relatively geographically inflexible in their job search.
Teachers are also responsible for evaluating competencies established for the program.
Teachers are also responsive to parent concerns.
Teachers are also skilled at working with complex people in a complex environment.
Teachers are also very committed and active in all aspects of the programs.
Teachers are also welcome to bring in classes for more information on a subject.
Teachers are also welcome to use the color printer and scanner available in the library.
Teachers are also workers.
Teachers are also worried about their salaries and their own families and bills.
Teachers are always available after school.
Teachers are always available for additional conferences with parents if necessary.
Teachers are always available for consultation at any time by appointment.
Teachers are always available to answer questions, monitor progress, and reward achievement.
Teachers are always free.
Teachers are always ready to help.
Teachers are always there to help.
Teachers are always there to supervise use of the computers.
Teachers are always thrilled at the prospect of parents helping and becoming involved.
Teachers are always welcome in other seminars at the institute.
Teachers are always willing to meet with parents at their request.
Teachers are amazed.
Teachers are among class members.
Teachers are among the lowest paid professionals and one of the least respected.
Teachers are among the most sincere and hardest working people in society.
Teachers are amongst the most important professionals in our society.
Teachers are amongst the worst paid occupational groups in Uganda and often have second jobs.
Teachers are an especially easy target.
Teachers are an important part of the book selection process.
Teachers are an important part of the decision making process in the Pasadena schools.
Teachers are angry that they have to perform extra duties for the same pay.
Teachers are anxious to get samples.
Teachers are approachable, and the learning is deep.
Teachers are artists.
Teachers are as different as their learners.
Teachers are at a breaking point.
Teachers are at different stages of the journey in their application of IT in their work.
Teachers are at risk and students are at risk.
Teachers are at risk if they are letting students put grades in their grade book.
Teachers are at risk too.
Teachers are at the bottom.
Teachers are at the center of the learning process and of the life of the school.
Teachers are at the forefront of making learning with technology happen.
Teachers are at the mercy of a top-heavy bureaucracy when it comes to curriculum.
Teachers are at various levels of expertise.
Teachers are authoritarian.
Teachers are authorities on learning and pedagogy.
Teachers are available after school on most days.
Teachers are available after the regular school hours to offer extra help.
Teachers are available after training to answer questions.
Teachers are available at set times for consultation.
Teachers are available at that time on a drop in basis.
Teachers are available before and after school to help students.
Teachers are available before and after school.
Teachers are available before, during, and after class.
Teachers are available by phone for questions and help with assignments.
Teachers are available daily for conferences.
Teachers are available daily to answer parents' questions and address their concerns.
Teachers are available during evenings, weekends, and free periods to assist students individually.
Teachers are available during office hours.
Teachers are available for consulatation concerning class levels.
Teachers are available for extra help after school on an appointment basis.
Teachers are available for extra help before or after school.
Teachers are available for extra help on a regular basis.
Teachers are available for extra help.
Teachers are available for group and private classes.
Teachers are available for individual advice and guidance.
Teachers are available for personal help and tutoring before and after school.
Teachers are available outside of class to answer questions and be a friend.
Teachers are available to address parent questions.
Teachers are available to answer questions, reassure parents and provide strong familiar support.
Teachers are available to dance, demonstrate and answer questions.
Teachers are available to discuss their students' progress at anytime during the school year.
Teachers are available to give students extra help at any time agreeable to both.
Teachers are available to help students at all grade levels.
Teachers are available to help students with their homework in the afternoons.
Teachers are available to instruct in piano, violin, guitar, double bass and trumpet.
Teachers are available to meet with students outside the classroom during office hours.
Teachers are available to model and assist.
Teachers are available to take phone calls only during their planning times.
Teachers are aware because of the teacher that cheated and got certificate taken away.
Teachers are aware of each child's needs, likes and dislikes.
Teachers are aware of the deadline for completing their competencies.
Teachers are aware of the grumblings in class.
Teachers are aware of the latest research and engage students in meaningful learning experiences.
Teachers are aware that children develop at different rates and in different areas.
Teachers are aware that motivation is an important factor in the process of learning a language.
Teachers are bad, especially young teachers. . . .
Teachers are bad, especially young teachers.
Teachers are batteries.
Teachers are better prepared to use innovative methodology.
Teachers are between the rock and the hard place.
Teachers are bilingual, either native speakers of Spanish or English.
Teachers are bilingual.
Teachers are bossy, whining things.
Teachers are both from within the guild membership as well as outside instructors.
Teachers are brough to experiment with their pupils all along the training.
Teachers are busy and classes are fun.
Teachers are busy and yet always look for fresh ideas to bring to their classrooms.
Teachers are busy collecting hours.
Teachers are busy individuals.
Teachers are busy people.
Teachers are busy today with their own families.
Teachers are busy with preparation.
Teachers are busy, preoccupied, and always juggling a variety of demands for their attention.
Teachers are busy.
Teachers are by far the most important element in the education system.
Teachers are by nature a caring and modest group.
Teachers are by no means the only professionals who offer therapy.
Teachers are capable of better.
Teachers are capable of help students.
Teachers are capable of insights, intuition, teaching and organizational skill.
Teachers are capable of lower expectations.
Teachers are capable of making decisions.
Teachers are capable of school children.
Teachers are capable of school students.
Teachers are capable of teach students.
Teachers are careful observers of the children's interactions.
Teachers are careful to align their instructional and assessment practices.
Teachers are careful to plan the introduction of material.
Teachers are catalysts, enzymes.
Teachers are central to creating a clear classroom structure.
Teachers are central to improving science education.
Teachers are certainly key to enacting the standards as they are intended.
Teachers are citizens, members of learned professions, and representatives of their institutions.
Teachers are civil servants with lifetime tenure and higher pay.
Teachers are civil servants.
Teachers are class members and guests.
Teachers are clients too, but the favored client is the child.
Teachers are coaches, guides, and facilitators.
Teachers are cognizant of all student needs.
Teachers are co-learners and facilitators in the learning process.
Teachers are comfortable with a wide variety of current instructional methods.
Teachers are comfortable with having students share in their own evaluation process.
Teachers are committed and conscientious.
Teachers are committed to building relationships with students and their families.
Teachers are committed to expanding their expertise in teaching.
Teachers are committed to helping students make wise choices and to become self-disciplined.
Teachers are committed to high standards in the classrooms and schools.
Teachers are committed to reflection about their own teaching and learning.
Teachers are committed to students and their learning b.
Teachers are committed to students and their learning.
Teachers are committed to the assessment of student learning and continuous improvement.
Teachers are committed to their students and their learning.
Teachers are committed to their students' success both academically and socially.
Teachers are committed to their students.
Teachers are communicators to staff, students and the community.
Teachers are concerned that the teaching of evolution is in danger.
Teachers are concerned to support the learning and participation of all students.
Teachers are considerate of each other and show mutual respect for each other.
Teachers are content, research, and delivery experts.
Teachers are cooperative.
Teachers are craft women and men who work within the structure of a modern bureaucracy.
Teachers are creative and resourceful.
Teachers are creative in their discipline.
Teachers are creatures of time.
Teachers are critical.
Teachers are critically important in every student's education.
Teachers are decision makers.
Teachers are degreed and certified.
Teachers are demoralized, turnover is really bad, and morale progressively worsens.
Teachers are demotivated and often badly paid, classrooms are in disrepair.
Teachers are detectives.
Teachers are determined.
Teachers are devoted and keep-up on the latest educational trends.
Teachers are diagnosticians, prescribing the best possible instruction for each student.
Teachers are different.
Teachers are dumb.
Teachers are each other's best resources.
Teachers are eager and students are enthused.
Teachers are easy to talk to after class.
Teachers are ecstatic over the changes.
Teachers are ecstatic.
Teachers are educators.
Teachers are effective to the extent that they understand their students.
Teachers are either lazy or simply content with serving as lap dogs of the big studios.
Teachers are eligible to become certified trainers.
Teachers are emotionally supportive while providing academic challenges.
Teachers are employees of state or local government.
Teachers are enablers and facilitators of their students, colleagues, parents and the community.
Teachers are engaged to accept responsibility for particular areas of the shcool learning programme.
Teachers are enthusiastic about the program's professional development opportunities.
Teachers are enthusiastic about the site.
Teachers are enthusiastic and thoroughly trained.
Teachers are equal to everyone.
Teachers are especially concerned over students partcipating in field trips, rallies and assemblies.
Teachers are especially confused.
Teachers are especially important in influencing the direction of a school's culture.
Teachers are especially welcome to join in on the workshop.
Teachers are especially welcome.
Teachers are essential conduits of culture.
Teachers are essential in designing and actually implementing a plan that affects the classroom.
Teachers are essential in the development and implementation of an integrated curriculum.
Teachers are evaluators and their decisions have important consequences for students.
Teachers are everywhere, and everywhere they are effective and inspiring.
Teachers are evil geniuses.
Teachers are excited about the changes.
Teachers are excited about the convenience of the weekend format.
Teachers are excited about the new instructional computers with remote keyboards and remotes.
Teachers are exempt from the policy.
Teachers are exempt from the sections on annual and public holidays and hours of work.
Teachers are exempt.
Teachers are expert communicators.
Teachers are experts in reining and have taken firsts in international competitions.
Teachers are experts in their curriculum, modeling our commitment to life-long learning.
Teachers are experts in their field.
Teachers are experts in their fields, who are also available for e-mail consultation.
Teachers are extremely busy.
Teachers are extremely concerned about the over-emphasis on quantitative data.
Teachers are extremely important.
Teachers are facilitators and mentors.
Teachers are facilitators of exploration rather than imparters of knowledge.
Teachers are facilitators of the learning process.
Teachers are facilitators or guides.
Teachers are fair and impartial and willing to work with students.
Teachers are fair to students.
Teachers are famous for being sadistic.
Teachers are fine, but most are corrupt.
Teachers are fine.
Teachers are flexible as they respond to their students developing concerns and interests.
Teachers are focused.
Teachers are fools.
Teachers are free to choose teaching materials.
Teachers are free to choose the system that best fosters student understanding.
Teachers are free to dissent from the views of other teachers, if they are so inclined.
Teachers are free to download images and text for educational purposes.
Teachers are free to download the images and captions for use in class.
Teachers are free to download the resources for use within their classroom.
Teachers are free to enjoy the esteem of an honorable profession.
Teachers are free to have other themes during the term as well.
Teachers are free to introduce new material at the start of new sessions.
Teachers are free to make their own decisions depending on resources.
Teachers are free to obtain technology training from any source.
Teachers are free to photocopy the pamphlet for students in their classes.
Teachers are free to reproduce all content for the classroom.
Teachers are free to reproduce materials for use with students.
Teachers are free to supplement, add, etc.
Teachers are free to use preferred methods of instruction .
Teachers are free to utilize the summer vacation, etc. to receive in-service training.
Teachers are free.
Teachers are friendly and approachable.
Teachers are friendly and willing to stay after class to answer questions.
Teachers are friendly, kind and considerate.
Teachers are from many parts of India and abroad.
Teachers are from native English-language countries.
Teachers are from various countries, as are the students.
Teachers are from within the group.
Teachers are fully qualified and teach in their native language.
Teachers are fully qualified Christian professionals who see their work as a ministry.
Teachers are generally a pretty conscientious lot and want to feel satisfied with their work.
Teachers are generally available immediately after the school day .
Teachers are generally available immediately after the school day.
Teachers are generally satisfied with communication between school and home.
Teachers are generally talkers, rather than listeners.
Teachers are generally the facilitators of the clusters.
Teachers are generally underpaid and underappreciated.
Teachers are generally well recognized culprits.
Teachers are generous people.
Teachers are go for takeoff.
Teachers are good and bad educators, but both make an impact on our future.
Teachers are good facilitators.
Teachers are good people who are raised by the oppressive society.
Teachers are good players of accordion and guitar and help the pupils to improve the playing skills.
Teachers are government employees also.
Teachers are government workers.
Teachers are grateful for the extra hands.
Teachers are great actors.
Teachers are great, but they are still human.
Teachers are guides in the learning environment.
Teachers are guides.
Teachers are guilty of trying to please the people in their teaching.
Teachers are happier.
Teachers are happy because the process is joyful and liberating.
Teachers are happy to see the decrease in class size.
Teachers are happy to work with parents and provide progress reports at their request.
Teachers are hard to find.
Teachers are hard to reach during the day.
Teachers are hard workers and kids are pretty good.
Teachers are hard working and conscientious.
Teachers are hard-pressed to keep up with the advances in their fields.
Teachers are helpful and encouraging.
Teachers are here for more than just teaching, though.
Teachers are high school or college students.
Teachers are highly educated.
Teachers are highly interpersonally intelligent.
Teachers are highly motivated and excellent overall.
Teachers are highly qualified and classes are deliberately kept small.
Teachers are highly qualified.
Teachers are highly sensitive to others, which is to say their intuition tends to be well developed.
Teachers are highly skilled in teaching foreigners.
Teachers are horrible students.
Teachers are hospital maternity nurses who have completed a national teaching certification program.
Teachers are however, responsible for any materials that are lost, stolen, or damaged.
Teachers are human beings just like anyone else.
Teachers are human beings who have preferences and face decisions.
Teachers are human beings, they make mistakes just like everyone else.
Teachers are human beings, too.
Teachers are human, and humans make mistakes.
Teachers are human.
Teachers are hungry for it as well.
Teachers are hungry for resources.
Teachers are hungry to talk about core business.
Teachers are ill prepared to deal with the problems with which they are presented.
Teachers are ill prepared.
Teachers are ill-prepared to teach the more demanding content, experts say.
Teachers are ill-prepared.
Teachers are ill-trained and class sizes are too large to offer decent instruction.
Teachers are important because they are the purchasers of the text.
Teachers are important members of the community.
Teachers are important people.
Teachers are important role models for their students.
Teachers are important role models to boys and girls and to their communities.
Teachers are important role models.
Teachers are impressed that kids can get right down to work.
Teachers are in a good position to observe the development of students' gifts and talents.
Teachers are in a position to make a difference in student learning.
Teachers are in a position to spot the warning signs of eating disorders.
Teachers are in charge of the classroom and model appropriate behavior.
Teachers are in charge of their organization.
Teachers are in charge, and students are there to learn.
Teachers are in constant contact with parents in regards to their child's progress.
Teachers are in control of how they use textbooks.
Teachers are in demand, because no one knows how to speak the language.
Teachers are in high demand all across the country.
Teachers are in high demand and short supply in ministries around the globe.
Teachers are in leadership positions in every aspect of the program.
Teachers are in many ways parenting.
Teachers are in place and the program continues to be successful.
Teachers are in positions to increase the brain power of our country.
Teachers are in short supply.
Teachers are in teaching because they love kids.
Teachers are in the best position to inform educational decision-making.
Teachers are in the business to help children out.
Teachers are in the process of creating the guidelines for electronic portfolios.
Teachers are in the process of moving into their classrooms.
Teachers are in the process of scheduling third nine weeks conferences.
Teachers are in the process of writing recommendations for seniors for their applications.
Teachers are in the same environment as the students and are often more compassionate.
Teachers are in trouble if they cost the school system money.
Teachers are inadequately prepared to understand and apply technology to teaching.
Teachers are including the use of technology in most content areas.
Teachers ARE influential Teachers ARE able to make a difference.
Teachers ARE influential.
Teachers are integral in the delivery of information and scientific concepts.
Teachers are integral to students success.
Teachers are interested in site planning and leadership workshops.
Teachers are interpreters to the students.
Teachers are just as guilty concerning lack of cultural understanding as other members of society.
Teachers are just like loved ones.
Teachers are key members in any solution of the problems of conservation.
Teachers are key partners in efforts to reform education.
Teachers are key to educational reform.
Teachers are key to helping students believe in themselves.
Teachers are key to improved educational performance.
Teachers are key.
Teachers are kind and always willing to help.
Teachers are knowledgeable about both content and pedagogy.
Teachers are knowledgeable about historical and contemporary educational reform efforts.
Teachers are knowledgeable enough to make optimum use of computers in the classroom.
Teachers are knowledgeable in the subject areas they teach.
Teachers are late to class.
Teachers are lawyers or paralegals with extensive experience.
Teachers are leaders and inventors of quality work for students.
Teachers are leaders and inventors.
Teachers are leaders and role models to the kids that they come in contact with.
Teachers are leaders entrusted to create quality work for students.
Teachers are leaders in the individual study groups.
Teachers are leaders, and principals are leaders of leaders.
Teachers are leaders.
Teachers are learners and facilitators of learning.
Teachers are learners, and learners are teachers.
Teachers are learners, too.
Teachers are learners.
Teachers are leery of integrating technology into the classroom because they lack experience.
Teachers are less lenient on athletes because they miss classes for scheduled games.
Teachers are less likely to be absent for illness, personal leave or assigned school activities.
Teachers are less likely to be obsessed, as parents often are, with a student as an individual.
Teachers are less likely to work together in teams.
Teachers are Liable for students.
Teachers are life long learners.
Teachers are lifelong learners and positive role models.
Teachers are life-long learners, constantly engaged in inquiry.
Teachers are lifelong learners.
Teachers are like any other person.
Teachers are like anyone else.
Teachers are like caring machines, both for children and other teachers.
Teachers are like students.
Teachers are likely to apply their skills in schools that promote broad family involvement policies.
Teachers are likely to demand good print collections and full funding of library programs.
Teachers are likely to discuss the standards in formal and informal meetings.
Teachers are likely to experience the same levels of mortality as comparable professions.
Teachers are limited to nine instances of multiple copying for one course during one class term.
Teachers are limited to what's on their shelf.
Teachers are listeners and observers.
Teachers are located in classrooms.
Teachers are located in universities.
Teachers are look for ways to expand the world of a student.
Teachers are lovely assistants at best, and detrimental at worst.
Teachers are masters in the content areas.
Teachers are mature, seasoned professionals with a strong work ethic.
Teachers are mediocre and uninspired.
Teachers are members of a learning community.
Teachers are members of learning communities.
Teachers are mentors and role models to their pupils.
Teachers are mentors, surrogate parents, and friends.
Teachers are mentors.
Teachers are merely guides who help the learners come to know.
Teachers are mindful of the relationship of teaching activities to their objectives.
Teachers are mindful of their principal objectives.
Teachers are more aware of changes in student behavior and can offer assistance when needed.
Teachers are more aware of it.
Teachers are more aware of their own deficiencies than any of the critics.
Teachers are more cognizant of changes in student behavior and can offer assistance when needed.
Teachers are more committed and more satisfied.
Teachers are more confident and ready to use applications as part of other content area lessons.
Teachers are more effective when they become role models and facilitators of learning.
Teachers are more familiar with classics and quality literature for children.
Teachers are more heroes scarcely recognized in modern day society s hustle and bustle.
Teachers are more intentional about sharing student data and progress with individual students.
Teachers are more involved in leadership, academic areas and grant writing.
Teachers are more likely to adopt a new practice if they are given a choice about curriculum.
Teachers are more likely to be identified.
Teachers are more likely to give girls the answers, but have boys work to find out.
Teachers are more likely to motivate students when they model interest in the subject matter.
Teachers are more likely to teach a lesson that takes one class period that four class periods.
Teachers are more likely to teach courses outside their expertise.
Teachers are more likely to try new things if they believe that they can learn.
Teachers are more positive about their jobs when they perceive parents to be supportive.
Teachers are more skeptical than other groups about many proposals connected to standards reform.
Teachers are more supportive and friendly toward bright students.
Teachers are more than any other class the guardians of civilization.
Teachers are more than delighted to hear how their students respond to homework.
Teachers are more than free to use web authoring software.
Teachers are more than just figures that regurgitate textbook information.
Teachers are more than ready to get the schools in Trillium Lakelands back to normal.
Teachers are more valuable than technology and money.
Teachers are most uncomfortable mainstreaming emotionally disturbed and mentally retarded students.
Teachers are most wary of what they have had least experience with previously.
Teachers are mothers, fathers, friends, and counselors.
Teachers are motivators.
Teachers are much less fearful of using technology.
Teachers are municipal employees who earn slightly less than elementary school teachers.
Teachers are native French speakers, with experience and special training in teaching techniques.
Teachers are native Spanish speakers.
Teachers are native speakers and university educated with years of teaching experience.
Teachers are native speakers.
Teachers are nearby for assistance and encouragement.
Teachers are necessary and good ones are hard to find.
Teachers are necessary, but incompetent and unworthy ones do much harm.
Teachers are no different.
Teachers are no exception.
Teachers are no help.
Teachers are no longer just there to teach basic facts.
Teachers are no longer mentors.
Teachers are no longer the providers of a set of facts, they are Facilitators of Learning .
Teachers are no more, or less, human than anyone else.
Teachers are non-UAF teachers from the community who guide their own class on a tour.
Teachers are normally available before or after regular school hours.
Teachers are normally much older than their students.
Teachers are notoriously hidebound when it comes to picking a good instrument.
Teachers are now at a loss as they find it difficult to handle their charges in class.
Teachers are now guarenteed seven per week.
Teachers are now in the process of learning to design their own class websites.
Teachers are now prepared more like doctors and nurses, and less like philosophers and historians.
Teachers are now, more than ever, planning to integrate technology into their curriculum.
Teachers are of the highest calibre and are always willing to help.
Teachers are often ambiguous in the criteria used.
Teachers are often among the first to be blamed and the last to get credit when problems arise.
Teachers are often available for conversation before, during, or after class.
Teachers are often concerned about the 'tacking on' nature of such things.
Teachers are often confused about exactly what they are supposed to do.
Teachers are often critical of television.
Teachers are often distraught and worried.
Teachers are often frugal people who feel out of place trying to get funds.
Teachers are often guilty of that.
Teachers are often helpful here.
Teachers are often ill prepared to deal with special needs students in their classrooms.
Teachers are often leaders.
Teachers are often liberal arts graduates, as well as graduates of schools of education.
Teachers are often prime targets because they are important community members.
Teachers are often surprised at how much jargon, 'education speak' they take for granted.
Teachers are often surprised to discover that they too can be really good storytellers.
Teachers are often targets.
Teachers are often the first adults on the scene.
Teachers are often the first ones to detect that a child learns differently.
Teachers are often the first professional to suspect a problem.
Teachers are often the first to confirm a parents suspicion but complete evaluation is crucial.
Teachers are often the leaders in many communities.
Teachers are often the only parental figure that a student has.
Teachers are often uncomfortable shifting away from traditional teaching methods.
Teachers are often unsure of how to meet the needs of inclusion students.
Teachers are on call in a cabin nearby, and are available to assist with an emergency.
Teachers are on democracy's front lines.
Teachers are on duty in each area.
Teachers are on strike because their salaries are too low.
Teachers are on the frontline of abuse cases, child custody battles, neglect, poverty, violence.
Teachers are on the job.
Teachers are on their backs about something.
Teachers are on their feet teaching.
Teachers are on their own in constructing tests to measure student progress and performance.
Teachers are one conduit through which education and societal values are passed.
Teachers are one of our most important assets.
Teachers are one of the greatest influences on individuals in any society.
Teachers are one of the highest risk groups of women who die of breast cancer.
Teachers are one of the keys to each child's success in the classroom and later in life.
Teachers are only concerned that each student masters a set of skills.
Teachers are only human, and sometimes they have so much to do that they make a mistake.
Teachers are open to students' questions and suggestions, comments and concerns.
Teachers are our filter.
Teachers are our greatest asset and deserve the best in policies, measures and technologies.
Teachers are our greatest asset and resource toward equipping our children for success.
Teachers are our nations future.
Teachers are outstanding and experienced music educators from around the community.
Teachers are outstanding and experienced music educators from the community.
Teachers are overdue for a major salary increase.
Teachers are overpaid.
Teachers are overwhelmed and resistant.
Teachers are overworked and parents are frustrated and feel unwelcome in the schools.
Teachers are overworked and underpaid, and they often are under appreciated.
Teachers are overworked, underpaid, and unfairly controlled by the mandates of the standards.
Teachers are parents who bring up other people's children.
Teachers are part of many committees and teams at a school.
Teachers are part of the adult population in a school.
Teachers are part of the information age.
Teachers are passionate about content.
Teachers are patient when a student has trouble learning.
Teachers are people of hope.
Teachers are people.
Teachers are people.
Teachers are perhaps the most effective of all the state's unions.
Teachers are perhaps the most influential of all professions.
Teachers are permanent.
Teachers are pleased to prepare for the prom so they can have that experience.
Teachers are pleased when parents show interest in helping their children succeed in school.
Teachers are positive, enthusiastic role models for students.
Teachers are powerful.
Teachers are practical idealists.
Teachers are practical people.
Teachers are practitioners of the best practices in learning and teaching.
Teachers are pragmatic.
Teachers are pragmatists.
Teachers are precious.
Teachers are prepared and receive appropriate support to teach diverse populations of students.
Teachers are prepared to be effective in a variety of contexts.
Teachers are prepared to work with individuals or groups of students.
Teachers are present to facilitate the learning process.
Teachers are present to maintain order in the classroom.
Teachers are present, but, again, the students are in charge.
Teachers are pretty creative about such matters.
Teachers are pretty isolated from the careers that their students are going to go into.
Teachers are primarily facilitators of the learning process.
Teachers are primarily guides.
Teachers are primary service providers for the children in their classrooms.
Teachers are probably China's worst paid class, earning less than factory workers and most peasants.
Teachers are professional drummers and educators.
Teachers are professional educators.
Teachers are professional employes, temporary professional employes or substitutes.
Teachers are professional, gentle educators who provide exciting experiences for families.
Teachers are professionals because they practice in schools.
Teachers are professionals who enjoy sharing their expertise with children.
Teachers are professionals who manage a variety of instructional resources.
Teachers are professionals with jobs to do and families to feed.
Teachers are professionals, and they have been unionized for almost a century.
Teachers are professionals, just like many other people.
Teachers are professionals, selected on their experience, background and professional capacity.
Teachers are professionals, which implies considerable autonomy, mastery and independence.
Teachers are professionals.
Teachers are proud of the environment they help create and maintain.
Teachers are proud of the mastery their students achieve.
Teachers are proud of the mastery their students have achieved.
Teachers are proud of their former pupils successes.
Teachers are provided with the artefacts, the worksheets and a teachers guide.
Teachers are public people .
Teachers are qualified Close to home.
Teachers are qualified, certified people interested in the development of preschool children.
Teachers are qualified, dedicated, and experienced.
Teachers are qualified, experienced native-speakers.
Teachers are quick to bash teacher-bashing.
Teachers are readily accessible which helps foster positive communication.
Teachers are readily available outside of class to assist with difficulties as they arise.
Teachers are real people and they have many different motivations, altruism being but one.
Teachers are real people.
Teachers are really dedicated.
Teachers are really the foundation of all of the other professions.
Teachers are reflective about their practice.
Teachers are reflective in planning, implementing and assessing instruction.
Teachers are reluctant to comment for fear of losing their jobs.
Teachers are reluctant to work.
Teachers are reportedly reluctant to take action to guarantee safety for Romani pupils.
Teachers are representatives of professional communities.
Teachers are researchers, developing learning models and refining their pedagogy.
Teachers are researchers.
Teachers Are Researchers.
Teachers are responsible for a materials fee.
Teachers are responsible for accuracy and content.
Teachers are responsible for all monitoring and discipline functions during class visits to the lab.
Teachers are responsible for all overdue fines and for lost or damaged materials.
Teachers are responsible for appropriate supervision of students during school hours.
Teachers are responsible for clarifying their own tax situations.
Teachers are responsible for content and instruction in the classroom.
Teachers are responsible for damaged or lost materials.
Teachers are responsible for deciding if students meet the selection criteria.
Teachers are responsible for disciplining students.
Teachers are responsible for duplicating the hands prior to gametime.
Teachers are responsible for entering the students.
Teachers are responsible for evaluating pupil progress and interpreting grades or reports given.
Teachers are responsible for guiding their charges to develop the necessary skills.
Teachers are responsible for having the classes organized to close doors and windows.
Teachers are responsible for having their teams ready to compete when their event is called.
Teachers are responsible for identification of unknowns.
Teachers are responsible for lesson planning and organization.
Teachers are responsible for lesson planning, exam making, and related administrative work.
Teachers are responsible for maintaining discipline at all times.
Teachers are responsible for maintaining their pages.
Teachers are responsible for managing and monitoring student learning.
Teachers are responsible for managing and monitoring student's learning.
Teachers are responsible for managing and monitoring students' learning.
Teachers are responsible for managing and monitoring students.
Teachers are responsible for monitoring all student online interactions in the course.
Teachers are responsible for organizing materials and activities for monthly themes.
Teachers are responsible for organizing the transportation.
Teachers are responsible for paying and arranging for transportation to and from field trip site.
Teachers are responsible for planning and leading all student activities.
Teachers are responsible for programming and activities.
Teachers are responsible for providing choices for the boys and girls they teach.
Teachers are responsible for providing instruction to their students on how to use e-mail.
Teachers are responsible for rent and apartment upkeep.
Teachers are responsible for researching curriculum development in their own subject area.
Teachers are responsible for scheduling and confirming their own transportation.
Teachers are responsible for scheduling conferences as they determine necessary.
Teachers are responsible for setting up, taking down and cleaning their sites.
Teachers are responsible for student orientation for fire drills and evacuation procedures.
Teachers are responsible for student supervision during all class times.
Teachers are responsible for students' behavior during the field exploration and extended park tour.
Teachers are responsible for students working and staying on task.
Teachers are responsible for submitting student work.
Teachers are responsible for supervising their students at recess times.
Teachers are responsible for supervising their students while in the museum.
Teachers are responsible for supervision of their students throughout the day.
Teachers are responsible for taking their recycling bins to the new school.
Teachers are responsible for teaching children at their own level.
Teachers are responsible for the backup of their own data.
Teachers are responsible for the behavior and safety of their students.
Teachers are responsible for the behavior of their group.
Teachers are responsible for the conduct and behavior of their students during the weekend.
Teachers are responsible for the conduct of the group.
Teachers are responsible for the content of all class based Web pages.
Teachers are responsible for the content.
Teachers are responsible for the daily execution of Slide Ranch programs.
Teachers are responsible for the development of their own slides.
Teachers are responsible for the early identification of any student considered at risk.
Teachers are responsible for the ethics of any research required of undergraduate students.
Teachers are responsible for the keys in their possession.
Teachers are responsible for the success of future generations.
Teachers are responsible for their own accomodations and expenses.
Teachers are responsible for training students in the proper handling of reagent chemicals.
Teachers are responsible for trunk pick up and return to the park.
Teachers are responsible for updating their cards.
Teachers are responsible through the year for assessing their pupils.
Teachers are responsible to be aware of every aspect of what's happening in their classrooms.
Teachers are responsible to colleagues, parents, and the community.
Teachers are responsible to determine the performance recognizable by each grade.
Teachers are responsible to know their subject area.
Teachers are responsible to prepare their lesson plans and be ready to teach.
Teachers are responsive to the students' particular needs and purpose for studying the language.
Teachers are role models and often influence one's life.
Teachers are role models for life-long learning.
Teachers are role models for our young children.
Teachers are role models for students.
Teachers are role models for their students and don t want to risk violating the law.
Teachers are role models who provide direction, information and means for learning.
Teachers are role models, demonstrating by example how to learn more effectively.
Teachers are role models.
Teachers are role-models admired and looked upto by students.
Teachers are scared.
Teachers are school leaders who work as a team and serve as mentors to their students.
Teachers are self-employed trainers, the rest is on a volunteer basis.
Teachers are significant role models.
Teachers are significantly underpaid, and the public knows it.
Teachers are skilled at working with children.
Teachers are skilled in conflict management.
Teachers are slightly higher and municipal workers slightly lower.
Teachers are smart people.
Teachers are smarter than students.
Teachers are so different.
Teachers are so helpful.
Teachers are so important.
Teachers are so overwhelmed with their workload.
Teachers are so special.
Teachers are so very important for fostering resilience.
Teachers are so very special.
Teachers are some of the hardest working, most creative, and most well-rounded people in society.
Teachers are someone.
Teachers are somewhat resistant.
Teachers are special people.
Teachers are special.
Teachers are state certified.
Teachers are state-certified and many hold advanced degrees.
Teachers are still angry about last year's rhetoric.
Teachers are still under-paid.
Teachers are strict.
Teachers are strong and caring.
Teachers are students too, and it's hard to concentrate when one is too hot.
Teachers are students.
Teachers are sub-contractors, and rent space from the store.
Teachers are subject specialists.
Teachers are successful in teaching a diverse population of students.
Teachers are such influential parts of a child's life.
Teachers are supportive and available.
Teachers are supportive of our organization.
Teachers are sure to find information to complement their subject areas.
Teachers are suspicious of formal authority, wary of being abandoned and . . .
Teachers are taxpayers, too.
Teachers are teachers of all students.
Teachers are tellers of truth, who actively inculcate knowledge.
Teachers are terribly underpaid.
Teachers are the agents of knowledge and skills, and through whom the rules of conduct are enforced.
Teachers are the artists that are forming the country of the future.
Teachers are the backbone of an education system.
Teachers are the backbone of education.
Teachers are the backbone of our educational system.
Teachers are the backbone of our schools.
Teachers are the backbone of the educational system.
Teachers are the best judges of the appropriate time limits for their students.
Teachers are the best screeners.
Teachers are the best teachers of other teachers.
Teachers are the best teachers of teachers.
Teachers are the bridge from the past to the present and from the west to the east.
Teachers are the crucial ingredient in the implementation of a new curriculum.
Teachers are the crucial link in the partnership between school and parents.
Teachers are the curriculum developers.
Teachers are the expert.
Teachers are the experts about what takes place in their classroom.
Teachers are the experts at getting students to acquaint themselves with educational material.
Teachers are the forgotten casualties of the education establishment's absolutist war on guns.
Teachers are the foundation of a strong educational system.
Teachers are the foundation of children's educational experiences.
Teachers are the front line of exposure.
Teachers are the frontline of education.
Teachers are the fundamental component to elevating the achievement of students.
Teachers are the gatekeepers for the use of the technology in the classroom.
Teachers are the gatekeepers of classroom instruction.
Teachers are the givers of such life-changing gifts.
Teachers are the glue that holds school-family partnerships together.
Teachers are the guide on the path to growth and development for the benefit of each child.
Teachers are the heart and soul of the system.
Teachers are the heart of the learning community.
Teachers are the hope of the future.
Teachers are the instructional leaders of their classrooms.
Teachers are the key change agents, critical to the success or failure of reform.
Teachers are the key link in increasing technological literacy in our society.
Teachers are the key players and native language instruction is key in the early grades.
Teachers are the key to an effective discipline policy.
Teachers are the key to changing the way in which mathematics is taught and learned.
Teachers are the key to educational improvement.
Teachers are the key to improving mathematics education.
Teachers are the key to success in our vision of excellent education.
Teachers are the key.
Teachers are the largest group of unionized knowledge workers in the United States.
Teachers are the largest single group of trained professionals in the world.
Teachers are the link between the community and the governmnet.
Teachers are the main users of assessment for diagnostic purposes.
Teachers are the major presenters during training workshops.
Teachers are the molders of minds, they are the motivators.
Teachers are the most basic educational resource communities provide their children.
Teachers are the most basic educational resource communities provide to students.
Teachers are the most basic educational resource that communities provide for their children.
Teachers are the most common of the multiple jobholders.
Teachers are the most essential element of a quality education.
Teachers are the most important element of education.
Teachers are the most important link in the success of any partnership effort.
Teachers are the most powerful force in the educational system.
Teachers are the most underappreciated professionals in the world.
Teachers are the ones responsible for observing the child's difficulty in the classroom.
Teachers are the ones who do it and, therefore, are the ones who know about it.
Teachers are the ones who know the kids.
Teachers are the ones who make the education system work.
Teachers are the ones who really know what methods are effective.
Teachers are the ones who say how long the parent remains.
Teachers are the other part.
Teachers are the people most responsible for the next generation.
Teachers are the people who build such kinds of thinking.
Teachers are the people who hire the puppeteers to come and perform shows in schools.
Teachers are the primary creators of individual notes pages.
Teachers are the primary facilitators of the educational process.
Teachers are the product of the same hard-boundaried education system that students face today.
Teachers are the real death camp guards.
Teachers are the reason.
Teachers are the right way to affect the training.
Teachers are the second mothers.
Teachers are the shapers of our future.
Teachers are the villains, rather than the victims of the education system.
Teachers are the walking curriculum as they model sound biblical principles.
Teachers are then able to understand their students more fully.
Teachers are then responsible for setting up connections with other classrooms.
Teachers are there because they care about kids.
Teachers are there for more than just homework, and they know more than just their subject matter.
Teachers are there to educate and help the students as much as possible.
Teachers are there to focus on teaching subjects and helping students prepare for exams.
Teachers are there to motivate and mediate.
Teachers are there to provide inspiration for future teachers, doctors, and lawyers.
Teachers are there to watch students until they are safely on their way.
Teachers are there.
Teachers are thieves.
Teachers are tired of working hard and being perceived in a negative way.
Teachers are to accompany their students to the assembly.
Teachers are to alert the office if students are absent from class.
Teachers are to assist in supervision.
Teachers are to be aware that they have a pin number and lunch account the same as the students.
Teachers are to be careful how they use their authority because they'll be judged more strictly.
Teachers are to be just and consistent.
Teachers are to be respected and supported in all of their endeavors to educate children.
Teachers are to be role models for students.
Teachers are to be trained to be more sensitive to the problem of gender discrimination.
Teachers are to check grade book to determine that all students are accounted for after evacuation.
Teachers are to check grade books to determine that all students are present.
Teachers are to direct their students to the nearest fire exit as defined in the fire procedures.
Teachers are to divide the students into groups of equal size.
Teachers are to familiarize students with all evacuation procedures.
Teachers are to find the web-sites in advance that they want the students to access for studies.
Teachers are to have a major in subject area.
Teachers are to inform the supervisor if a student has permission to remain inside.
Teachers are to keep a record of the number of times a student has been tardy to class.
Teachers are to keep their classes intact in a predetermined safe area.
Teachers are to make sure their students stay close together until dismissed to return to class.
Teachers are to mark students on a field trip absent.
Teachers are to provide students with a written course syllabus on the first day of class.
Teachers are to provide the missed assignments on the day the child returns to school.
Teachers are to report to the office any student working on a teacher's computer.
Teachers are to send the child to the office at the time specified.
Teachers are to stay in their assigned areas with their classes until otherwise directed.
Teachers are to students what stars are to the night sky .
Teachers are to submit only one entry per class.
Teachers are to use the materials in the classroom prior to the field trip.
Teachers are to vote on the deal next month.
Teachers are told they can contribute more than their traditional work in the classroom.
Teachers are too busy.
Teachers are too often willing to soldier on without asking for help.
Teachers are too overloaded and stressed to take on new and challenging roles.
Teachers are too scared to teach, and students are too scared to learn.
Teachers are too.
Teachers are tough to come by in the Mississippi Delta.
Teachers are trained to intervene immediately in conflicts.
Teachers are unable to concentrate in their work and hence candidates for national examinations.
Teachers are unable to reach schools located outside their own towns or villages.
Teachers are unanimously pleased with the changes.
Teachers are uncomfortable teaching science.
Teachers are under great pressure to cover large blocks of material.
Teachers are under heavy pressure to be accountable for how well students perform.
Teachers are under increasing pressure to raise students' scores.
Teachers are under no obligation to give make-up examinations for unexcused absences.
Teachers are under pressure from all directions and their only respite is the summer break.
Teachers are under stress dealing with such children.
Teachers are underpaid and get whacked around too.
Teachers are underpaid and overworked.
Teachers are underpaid and there are many vacancies.
Teachers are underpaid and under appreciated by society.
Teachers are underpaid, but our salaries come from taxes.
Teachers are underpaid.
Teachers are underpayed.
Teachers are underprepared to teach.
Teachers are uneasy, too.
Teachers are unequivocal in stating that the enormous rewards make it worth the effort.
Teachers are unequivocally the most valuable windows to society's future.
Teachers are unhappy with all of the budget alternatives proposed to date.
Teachers are uninspired.
Teachers are unskilled and uncomfortable at blowing their own horns.
Teachers are unsure how to assess some assignments, such as journals and plans for the future.
Teachers are up and running in seconds.
Teachers are used for answers.
Teachers are usually able to spare a moment for some conversation before and after school.
Teachers are usually conservative and are resisting new ideas.
Teachers are usually free.
Teachers are usually pretty good at evaluating a child's progress during the year.
Teachers are usually too busy to research through extensive, more complicated material.
Teachers are usually willing to accommodate a parent's request for more frequent communication.
Teachers are valued as members of project teams, trust develops.
Teachers are very accessible to students, and are called by their first names.
Teachers are very appreciative of the activity packet.
Teachers are very competitive by nature.
Teachers are very computer literate.
Teachers are very cool, and students are awesome.
Teachers are very creative with the interactive lessons students participate in each day.
Teachers are very creative, very intelligent people, who quickly see the power of technology.
Teachers are very difficult to find.
Teachers are very effective teachers of other teachers.
Teachers are very excited about it.
Teachers are very friendly and always available to talk or give advice.
Teachers are very frinedly and kind.
Teachers are very good designers.
Teachers are very helpful and considerate.
Teachers are very helpful and encouraging.
Teachers are very honest people.
Teachers are very important people in our lives.
Teachers are very isolated in schools.
Teachers are very oppressed as a professional group.
Teachers are very proud of the responsible middle school scholars.
Teachers are very sensitive to comments from other teachers.
Teachers are very skilled individuals.
Teachers are very successful and there are just a few pupils who fail.
Teachers are very supportive of athletes here.
Teachers are very supportive of the staff too.
Teachers are very well prepared to be astronauts.
Teachers are victims of a static salary schedule.
Teachers are vitally concerned with the academic and social development of students.
Teachers are volunteers.
Teachers are warm, personal, respectful, and responsive.
Teachers are way underpaid.
Teachers are welcome and encouraged to consider other grammatical aspects.
Teachers are welcome to arrange school groups.
Teachers are welcome to attend the activities.
Teachers are welcome to bring their classes to the museum by appointment.
Teachers are welcome to check out the camera to take to classrooms.
Teachers are welcome to come preview the museum.
Teachers are welcome to download an d try it in class.
Teachers are welcome to download and review the material available here.
Teachers are welcome to get ideas for the classroom.
Teachers are welcome to have their classes participate in any of the activities.
Teachers are welcome to make a preliminary visit at no charge prior to making a booking.
Teachers are welcome to make a preliminary visit, at no charge, prior to making a booking.
Teachers are welcome to participate.
Teachers are welcome to print and distribute portions of the site for classroom use.
Teachers are welcome to schedule a class visit at the library.
Teachers are welcome to schedule class visits during or before library hours.
Teachers are welcome to stay for a discussion after the play with staff.
Teachers are welcome to submit planning ideas for weather education.
Teachers are welcome to submit student work.
Teachers are welcome to suggest additional sites.
Teachers are welcome to take their students on a self-guided tour.
Teachers are welcome to upload lesson plans for posting.
Teachers are welcome to use it in their classrooms if appropriate.
Teachers are welcome to use it with their classes.
Teachers are welcome to use the unit and reproduce copies of materials for classroom use.
Teachers are welcome to work on the pages, also.
Teachers are welcome.
Teachers are well informed about current research and design interventions accordingly.
Teachers are well prepared.
Teachers are well represented on the boards.
Teachers are well-educated, and students are disciplined.
Teachers are well-meaning individuals who have the best interests of their students in mind.
Teachers are well-prepared in their respective fields of study.
Teachers are well-respected in their communities and are great messengers.
Teachers are willing to bring papers to students if transportation is unavailable.
Teachers are willing to collaborate about students and their needs.
Teachers are willing to embrace technology as an essential part of their teaching repertoire.
Teachers are willing to go the extra mile.
Teachers are willing to take more risks and see themselves more as coaches and facilitators.
Teachers are willing to teach, but what.
Teachers are willing to use technology as long as it works.
Teachers are with the children for a great deal of the day.
Teachers are worried about their jobs.
Teachers are younger and more open.
Teachers are, after all, pivotal people in our lives.
Teachers are, in general, willing learners and enthusiastic seminar participants.
Teachers are, largely, both demanding and unforgiving of parents.
Teachers argue that class-size limits are required to maintain quality education.
Teachers argue that if they want to see proof that the effort is worth it.
Teachers arrive at regular time for staff development.
Teachers arrive with the desire to make a difference and impact the lives of youngsters.
Teachers ask about all kinds of rules and records.
Teachers ask about the availability of geologic information for their classrooms.
Teachers ask better questions, requiring higher-order thinking skills.
Teachers ask fewer questions.
Teachers ask for help in teaching an upcoming lesson and get quick turnaround.
Teachers ask how they can squeeze problem solving in with all the content they have to teach.
Teachers ask lots of questions.
Teachers ask more questions in class than on tests.
Teachers ask pupils.
Teachers ask questions for different reasons in the United States and Japan.
Teachers ask students to demonstrate learning in individual, as well as group performances.
Teachers ask students to discuss in groups.
Teachers ask students to express their opinions.
Teachers ask students to read their work aloud in pairs or small groups.
Teachers ask students.
Teachers ask their students questions each day in the classroom.
Teachers assess general knowledge through a program embedded in the curriculum.
Teachers assess individual students on an ongoing basis.
Teachers assess individual students using running records before or after the group.
Teachers assess knowledge, skills, and strategies on an ongoing basis.
Teachers assess pupils methodically and make good use of the results to plan further work.
Teachers assess student improvement daily.
Teachers assess student understanding by asking specific questions related to the topic.
Teachers assess students' actual ability to perform tasks on an on-going basis.
Teachers assess students classroom work through a number of activities.
Teachers assess students early in the year and shape their instruction to meet student needs.
Teachers assess students every day.
Teachers assess students on a daily basis using a variety of assessment techniques.
Teachers assess the portfolio at the end of a learning period to judge a student's overall progress.
Teachers assign a reading level to each student.
Teachers assign a topic suited to a student's reading ability.
Teachers assign and administer tests.
Teachers assign grades according to the number of successfully mastered skills.
Teachers assign grades or write narrative reports.
Teachers assign lessons, give tests, hear oral presentations, and maintain classroom discipline.
Teachers assign reports in different ways.
Teachers assign students specific headings to find their corresponding sites, as another assignment.
Teachers assign students to han groups at the beginning of each school term.
Teachers assign students to stations on a rotating basis and monitor station visitation.
Teachers assign the activities to students weekly or every other week.
Teachers assign the appropriate time period.
Teachers assist but students select and annotate the sites that appear in the reports.
Teachers assist in improving and developing curriculum for the instrumentation.
Teachers assist parents in meeting the spiritual needs of the children.
Teachers assist students in understanding.
Teachers assist students to become life-long learners.
Teachers assist students.
Teachers assist students.
Teachers assist the children in recording their thoughts on an audio cassette tape.
Teachers assist with the projects and bring the principles back into the regular classroom.
Teachers assisting have free entrance.
Teachers assume leadership responsibilities at all schools.
Teachers assume responsibility for self-improvement and professional growth.
Teachers assume roles.
Teachers assume the role of facilitating student learning.
Teachers atomize knowledge to prepare students for the familiar multiple choice tests.
Teachers attach a short explanation or stop by the room to drop off a copy of the late assignment.
Teachers attain pay parity with their counterparts in state schools.
Teachers attempt to challenge their students to exceed their intellectual potentials.
Teachers attend a one-week institute focusing on three major goals.
Teachers attend a series of workshops in such areas as planning and designing gardens.
Teachers attend a three-week summer institute and meet periodically throughout the school year.
Teachers attend assessment training to learn how to administer and score the observation surveys.
Teachers attend athletic events or other extra-curricular activities on their own time.
Teachers attend class at Helix Water District headquarters in La Mesa.
Teachers attend district-approved workshops throughout the year.
Teachers attend five days of inservice workshops and then conduct presentations in their districts.
Teachers attend free of charge.
Teachers attend free of cost with their student attendance.
Teachers attend monthly training and share their learning with the entire staff.
Teachers attend monthly workshops and conduct semi-annual workshops for parents.
Teachers attend morning workshops conducted by professors from Virginia's colleges.
Teachers attend professional meetings to enhance their professional growth and knowledge base.
Teachers attend seminars and read materials on the mathematics topics related to their research.
Teachers attend summer workshops.
Teachers attend the course voluntarily.
Teachers attend the program over three consecutive school vacation periods.
Teachers attend three to six institutes each year.
Teachers attend workshops and conferences to improve their skills.
Teachers attend workshops and join book discussion groups as part of the program.
Teachers attend workshops each year centered on pre-school learning.
Teachers attend workshops.
Teachers attending the week-long summer workshops receive a stipend.
Teachers Attracting and keeping quality teachers is a high priority for North Carolina.
Teachers atttending CAST are enthusiastic and hungry for new ideas.
Teachers avoid copy work, formulas, and drawing tricks.
Teachers avoid using physical punishment, threats, or shame and humiliation to discipline.
Teachers babble on, oblivious to student mayhem.
Teachers balance both direct and indirect instruction.
Teachers balance professional responsibilities and maintain motivation and commitment to students.
Teachers base learning expectations on student needs rather than on preconceptions.
Teachers base their lessons on it.
Teachers Be an informed consumer at the classroom level as policies play out in practice.
Teachers Be aware and take full advantage of the community connections already established.
Teachers Be curious and think creatively.
Teachers become a child's role model.
Teachers become a driving a and encouraging force.
Teachers become aware of the problems of African-American students.
Teachers become better acquainted with new advances in science and technology.
Teachers become certified and adapt curricula through in-class and field site visits.
Teachers become coaches to develop sound citizenship through the practice of good sportsmanship.
Teachers become facilitators and counsellors.
Teachers become facilitators and leadership skills develop among students.
Teachers become facilitators for students who are learning skills.
Teachers become facilitators rather than dispensers of knowledge.
Teachers become facilitators who help students tap their potential.
Teachers become facilitators, guiding students through the discovery process.
Teachers become facilitators.
Teachers become inconsistent with discipline program.
Teachers become increasingly expert and that expertise is documented in their modules.
Teachers become increasingly expert with their disciplines.
Teachers become learners, and students learn to teach.
Teachers become learning facilitators as students explore and learn in virtual reality.
Teachers become managers, who are there to do whatever they can to help the workers do their jobs.
Teachers become moderators and catalysts.
Teachers become more aware of student problems with the subject matter.
Teachers become more child centered.
Teachers become more collaborative with colleagues and students.
Teachers become more expert over time.
Teachers become more innovative.
Teachers become more involved.
Teachers become much more familiar with what's on the test, as do schools and districts.
Teachers become skilled at helping students direct individual learning.
Teachers become steep creek kayakers and vanish, temporarily, over the horizon of a waterfall.
Teachers become strong advocates for youth and youth culture.
Teachers become technologically literate, because of comprehensive professional development.
Teachers become the guide on the side, rather than the sage on the stage.
Teachers become true professionals through experience, personal growth, and continuous study.
Teachers beg for relief and semester seems a logical time for the proverbial second chance.
Teachers beget teachers.
Teachers begin and end the sessions with a group discussion.
Teachers begin by demonstrating and modeling language experiences to their kindergarten students.
Teachers begin by learning the basics and integrating a few simple sites.
Teachers begin by listing main concepts and by branching related items to the main concept.
Teachers begin experimental programs after discussing the school's problems.
Teachers begin focusing on student learning much sooner.
Teachers begin meetings promptly and use the time profitably.
Teachers begin to develop new approaches to teaching and learning.
Teachers begin to exhibit generative instruction strategies.
Teachers begin to feel guilty about being out of their classrooms for more than three days.
Teachers begin to harness technology's capabilities for improving the learning process.
Teachers begin to link school and work by integrating the two into the core curriculum.
Teachers begin to talk less, and listen more.
Teachers begin to use technology to support traditional instruction.
Teachers begin turning over problems and questions to kids.
Teachers begin with many ideas and constantly collect new pieces along the way.
Teachers begin with the known set of letters and work for expansion.
Teachers behave in a interactive manner, mediating the environment for students.
Teachers behave like fools by speaking in slang, most of which is unprintable.
Teachers believe in public education.
Teachers believe it is impor tant to trace and reflect on the individual student's writing process.
Teachers believe it is well worth the time away from their classrooms.
Teachers believe it's important to return to a normal schedule.
Teachers believe strongly that students can learn best in structures that are safe and healthy.
Teachers believe students are the most important product.
Teachers believe that absences from school can cause a major disruption in academic progress.
Teachers believe that all students can learn mathematics and teach accordingly.
Teachers believe that certain parental procedures cause school violence.
Teachers believe that improving student learning is the ultimate measure of success.
Teachers believe that it is very important to assess the students' learning in various ways.
Teachers believe that the biggest problem that they face is the lack of support from parents.
Teachers believe that the hardware and software is user friendly.
Teachers believe that there are too many students in a class.
Teachers believe that voice mail maybe an invitation for prank and inappropriate messages.
Teachers believe the magazine provides the students with needed recognition for a job well done.
Teachers believe the program has encouraged good behavior and kindness to others.
Teachers believe there s a shortage of time.
Teachers belong to unions, which negotiate yearly contracts with an elected school board.
Teachers bend over backwards for kids, especially for a kid who'd take a significant step like that.
Teachers benefit .
Teachers benefit because they are empowered with an innovative way to teach drug prevention.
Teachers benefit by knowing that the information is available to both parents and students.
Teachers benefit from a better understanding of what business and industry expect.
Teachers benefit from close personal mentoring in the same way that students do.
Teachers benefit from knowing as much about the children they teach as possible.
Teachers benefit from quality inservices and workshops provided by museum staff.
Teachers benefit from regular consultation from a case manager.
Teachers benefit from shared ideas and experiences when dealing with classroom management issues.
Teachers benefit from talking to and learning from colleagues.
Teachers benefit greatly as well from having stations at their disposal.
Teachers benefit greatly from discussing ideas about practices and materials with one another.
Teachers benefit in a number of ways from experiences in the workplace.
Teachers benefit in that the papers help elucidate how children approach ideas.
Teachers benefit too.
Teachers benefit via professional development opportunities such as workshops and internships.
Teachers benefit when students are adequately prepared to progress.
Teachers better serve more of the students in each classroom by acting as a guide.
Teachers better start paying attention to the political arena and vote accordingly.
Teachers blame indulgent parents who refuse to hold their children accountable.
Teachers boil eggs and let cool.
Teachers break room.
Teachers bring a variety of skills to the workplace that can boost productivity.
Teachers bring classes in for research projects to use the online data bases.
Teachers bring classroom activities and materials, videos, games, and an incredible energy.
Teachers bring in baby pictures of themselves.
Teachers bring in paint color swatch samples from paint or hardware stores.
Teachers bring in their own supplies because of the shortage of paper and pencils.
Teachers bring out the best in everyone.
Teachers bring such insight into our discussion of poems and really grow over the three meetings.
Teachers bring the gifts of insight, intuition, and teaching and organizational intelligence.
Teachers bring their classes into the Library and students work in a very pleasant atmosphere .
Teachers bring their classes to the lab and teach their class in the lab.
Teachers bring their classes to the lab at least once a week for instruction.
Teachers bring their school classes to the petting farm to learn more about animals.
Teachers bring to life Bible stories, parables and church traditions.
Teachers bring to the training courses deeply held beliefs about schooling.
Teachers bring to their classrooms the enthusiasm and joy they find in other parts of their life.
Teachers Bring up bullying at staff meetings.
Teachers bring workplace and real-life examples into the classroom to show how theories work.
Teachers bringing five or more students can register at the student rate.
Teachers bringing five or more students pay only half the teacher's tuition.
Teachers Build a free Web site with an online calendar.
Teachers build enrichment activities into the regular classroom programs.
Teachers build new skills and knowledge as they work to improve student learning.
Teachers build on lessons students have learned in previous years.
Teachers build on that foundation the first day of school.
Teachers build on that information.
Teachers build webquests that have links to sites related to the topic.
Teachers bump into their students in many places other than the classroom.
Teachers burn out faster than in other specialties.
Teachers buy into the goals of a workshop when they see value for their students in the end product.
Teachers buy their own.
Teachers call each student at least once a month, more often if they are lagging.
Teachers call every two weeks.
Teachers call everyone by last name.
Teachers call for our educational booklet to be sent.
Teachers call it click-print.
Teachers call it part of authentic assessment.
Teachers call on multiple methods to meet their goals.
Teachers call the airport to schedule tours in advance.
Teachers can access a cache of free activities to enhance and magnify classroom materials.
Teachers can access all the information from their classroom computers.
Teachers can access and share exciting new learning tools.
Teachers can access daily lesson plans that can be printed out for classroom use.
Teachers can access free lesson plans.
Teachers can access free resources and exchange ideas.
Teachers can access individual, class, or section grades as the term progresses.
Teachers can access information in one of several ways.
Teachers can access instructional materials to accompany the clean room video.
Teachers can access lesson plans and generate worksheets.
Teachers can access lesson plans for teaching poetry as a living art.
Teachers can access lesson plans to use with their classroom curriculum.
Teachers can access resources, and there is a quick-fire general knowledge quiz for teenagers.
Teachers can access sets of sample questions that are organized by subject and then by topic.
Teachers can access student reports from any workstation.
Teachers can access the exchanges in a variety of ways.
Teachers can access the report for each student at any time.
Teachers can access the same library to prepare curriculum plans.
Teachers can access the service offline throughout the week with greatly increased speed.
Teachers can access various data and information including their own certification status.
Teachers can achieve a feeling from their work that they are making the world a better place.
Teachers can actually USE the page to teach.
Teachers can adapt the software to meet specific needs of students or curriculum requirements.
Teachers can add customized questions or comments to each Web page.
Teachers can add elements to the learning situation that make the activity relevant to the students.
Teachers can add more writing assignments.
Teachers can add new information to their Web page at any time.
Teachers can add new words and pronunciations.
Teachers can add questions and answers to the file through the use of an admin form.
Teachers can add sites to the filter list from school.
Teachers can add technology to any classroom open house, family night, or parent-teacher conference.
Teachers can add text, images, and information on how people can contact the teacher and links.
Teachers can add the homework assignments to their message greeting.
Teachers can add their own quizzes or use the ones posted.
Teachers can add to, or substitute, other words for the ones used on the sample form.
Teachers can add, delete, and change their own information.
Teachers can address students' different needs using the Internet.
Teachers can address the problem in a number of ways.
Teachers can address topics to which students can easily relate.
Teachers can adequately teach that child without giving homework.
Teachers can adjust instruction for students' individual learning styles.
Teachers can adjust the dimensions and mass of the structure to make it more challenging.
Teachers can adjust the starting level.
Teachers can adjust the tasks to readiness levels or learning styles of different learners.
Teachers can adjust to the different learning styles and in the classroom.
Teachers can adopt the activity to teach addition and subtraction in the third grade classroom.
Teachers can already participate in similar local plans.
Teachers can also access and participate in online discussions between school and museum educators.
Teachers can also access curriculum resources on the process of writing.
Teachers can also access many other online resources devoted to math and science education.
Teachers can also access selected student demographic and registration information.
Teachers can also access test results of each student.
Teachers can also access thousands of assessment quizzes written by teachers.
Teachers can also add their own.
Teachers can also advise parents as to what are appropriate to bring to school.
Teachers can also apply online for amateur performance rights.
Teachers can also archive and review sessions and students' queries to fully address any questions.
Teachers can also ask about other products and services available from the education division.
Teachers can also ask students to create and record their own puzzles for other students.
Teachers can also ask students to use role play to express mathematical concepts.
Teachers can also assign homework on any and all other days .
Teachers can also assist students in making a reasonable selection.
Teachers can also be a powerful resource for multicultural learning at home.
Teachers can also benefit from working together with teachers from other countries.
Teachers can also benefit.
Teachers can also borrow a number of complementary videos, free of charge.
Teachers can also borrow educational videos from our extensive video lending library.
Teachers can also build their own online tests at the site.
Teachers can also check on student progress directly.
Teachers can also check on the progress of their students using the program s quiz feature.
Teachers can also conduct an evaluation of their effectiveness.
Teachers can also contribute their lesson plans to be placed on the site.
Teachers can also contribute their own ideas.
Teachers can also contribute to a program handbook, offering tips and tools for tutors.
Teachers can also create customized lessons for classes or students.
Teachers can also create lesson plans or use the lesson plans supplied.
Teachers can also create original activities as well as class homepages using simple online forms.
Teachers can also create paperless quizzes for students.
Teachers can also create quizzes to be used off line.
Teachers can also create talking communication boards.
Teachers can also create their own classroom Web pages.
Teachers can also create their own interactive tutorials.
Teachers can also create worksheets to reinforce skills.
Teachers can also discover the wonders of night sky observation.
Teachers can also discuss with parents why active learning is important for their children.
Teachers can also download digital pictures or live video of students on their websites.
Teachers can also download the entire site for use as an off-line teaching tool.
Teachers can also earn extra money by coaching or taking on extra assignments.
Teachers can also easily develop their own web page.
Teachers can also edit the welcome screen and navigation bars.
Teachers can also elect to participate in an electronic discussion of approaches.
Teachers can also encourage children to read to parents.
Teachers can also encourage the use of trade books, magazines, and newspapers.
Teachers can also enter numerical grades or anecdotal comments for each student.
Teachers can also exchange letters and notes with students.
Teachers can also familiarize students with words likely to be found on the college entrance exams.
Teachers can also fill out referrals for students they believe to be having problems.
Teachers can also find discussion forums, lesson plans, and Web page hosting and creation.
Teachers can also find enrichment activities to use in the classroom.
Teachers can also find help through more traditional means.
Teachers can also find helpful links for materials and teaching tips.
Teachers can also find lists of additional resources related to each of the lessons.
Teachers can also find papers written on different mathematical topics here.
Teachers can also find relevant information here for classroom projects.
Teachers can also find resources for technology educators or post and read messages with colleagues.
Teachers can also find support to attend a conference or to fund a classroom project.
Teachers can also find tips and real world connections that they can apply to the lesson.
Teachers can also find valuable information and lesson ideas.
Teachers can also foster development of collaborative skills with the Web.
Teachers can also get student records and schedules online.
Teachers can also give research assignments that range from basic to complex.
Teachers can also give some helpful hints.
Teachers can also give students choices in how they demonstrate what they have learned.
Teachers can also help advise students about the skills and knowledge necessary in that career.
Teachers can also help depressed students.
Teachers can also help young people see the educational benefits.
Teachers can also incorporate the Internet project into the classroom curriculum.
Teachers can also instantly monitor the progress of an individual student or an entire class.
Teachers can also join in.
Teachers can also just browse lesson plans by subject.
Teachers can also learn about many historical figures and view a time line of the battles.
Teachers can also learn about using the Internet and creating Web pages.
Teachers can also learn how to effectively address biased behavior when it occurs.
Teachers can also log in and view the progress of students.
Teachers can also make a point of collecting helpful web sites to recommend to parents.
Teachers can also make recommendations for extra efforts that can be made at home.
Teachers can also make recommendations to add sites pertinent to their lessons.
Teachers can also make special appointments.
Teachers can also meet here to collaborate.
Teachers can also model their own problem solving thought process in a variety of situations.
Teachers can also modify the items.
Teachers can also monitor their quality of teaching by looking at their students progress.
Teachers can also motivate students through praise and encouragement.
Teachers can also observe where breakdowns in the learning process are occurring.
Teachers can also order books and teacher's guides online.
Teachers can also place job wanted ads.
Teachers can also present information in more active ways.
Teachers can also print out the homework listing and post it in the classroom each day.
Teachers can also print out the lessons for use in the science center in the classroom.
Teachers can also provide choices.
Teachers can also provide physical supports such as diagrams or cue cards.
Teachers can also receive bonuses for helping a school reach a pre-set target on proficiency tests.
Teachers can also receive graduate credit for completing the course.
Teachers can also record and store student s individual scores.
Teachers can also record the pronunciation of each word that they add.
Teachers can also record their own observations for each student.
Teachers can also register and create their own web pages through a simple system.
Teachers can also restrict access to other areas, such as the Internet or the local network shares.
Teachers can also search software archives and support resources.
Teachers can also select certain letters for students to explore.
Teachers can also send home activities for students to complete.
Teachers can also set up a chat room and message boards.
Teachers can also share files with all of their students.
Teachers can also share ideas on-line.
Teachers can also share recommended links with students by grade.
Teachers can also show their computer screen to the students.
Teachers can also submit exercises for inclusion at the site.
Teachers can also submit poetry written by their students.
Teachers can also submit their own lesson ideas or participate in a moderated teachers' forum.
Teachers can also submit their own lesson plans.
Teachers can also suggest their own entertaining online curriculum lessons.
Teachers can also take advantage of special workshops and accredited seminars.
Teachers can also take their class to visit the local public library by arrangement.
Teachers can also teach their students about the dangers of noise.
Teachers can also try new methods specifically targeted to younger children.
Teachers can also use any unexpected occurrence that happens during class.
Teachers can also use English-proficient Asian students as interpreters with Asian parents.
Teachers can also use it to evaluate students' progress.
Teachers can also use listserves to post questions and require responses.
Teachers can also use simulations and reader s theatre to allow students to move around.
Teachers can also use sociometrics to make positive changes to group work seating.
Teachers can also use the chat room to conduct an online class discussion.
Teachers can also use the hotlist of resources to supplement the fourth grade curriculum.
Teachers can also use the laminator at their convenience.
Teachers can also use the package for planning and writing instructional materials.
Teachers can also use the same music with blind and partially deaf students.
Teachers can also use the series to design tests that are unique for each student.
Teachers can also use the software at their home to prepare for their classrooms.
Teachers can also view the schedules of any student they wish.
Teachers can also visit model programs in other school systems.
Teachers can also volunteer their services.
Teachers can also watch students progress.
Teachers can also write and access their lesson plans off-site.
Teachers can also write the examination as unofficial contestants.
Teachers can always move students at any time and for any reason.
Teachers can amend the exercise or set up their own.
Teachers can and do harass students who express their religious faith.
Teachers can and do implement successful mathematics programs with little help or encouragement.
Teachers can and do play a crucial role.
Teachers can and do use a variety of items as incentives for their students.
Teachers can apply credit toward CLAD second language requirements.
Teachers can apply for a free computer after demonstrating a basic level of technology savvy.
Teachers can apply individually or in a small group.
Teachers can apply the approach in a variety of ways.
Teachers can apply the procedures to their own locations and settings.
Teachers can apply their training to any device on the network.
Teachers can apply themselves or be nominated by a colleague or parent.
Teachers can arrange for students to have key pals close by or in another city, state, or country.
Teachers can arrange instruction to correct errors in behavior.
Teachers can arrange lessons with students during their free periods and before or after school.
Teachers can arrange talks about sweatshops during their classes.
Teachers can arrange to visit the library during a planning period.
Teachers can ask children to do further research at home.
Teachers can ask for help or make suggestions via telephone, fax, e-mail, or the Web.
Teachers can ask students to locate Afghanistan on a map.
Teachers can assess students' individual electronic portfolios.
Teachers can assign and modify lesson plans with an accompanying worksheet.
Teachers can assign classroom reading that supports a particular unit of study.
Teachers can assign homework activities which are accessed online.
Teachers can assign homework and practice exercises.
Teachers can assign homework more easily now, too.
Teachers can assign other writing.
Teachers can assign problem sets for reviews or activities.
Teachers can assign students different mathematics puzzles as homework assignments.
Teachers can assist by making sure only positive criticism is used.
Teachers can assist lower-level students in interpreting the species profiles.
Teachers can assist students by setting tasks within which the students can express themselves.
Teachers can assist with lesson plans and instructional suggestions.
Teachers can assure girls and males are represented in a variety of roles.
Teachers can attend one or two workshops on a given day.
Teachers can attend staff workshops to learn how to use storytelling in the classroom.
Teachers can attend workshops or training programs offered with membership.
Teachers can augment their income by teaching extra classes at the school.
Teachers can be a challenging audience.
Teachers can be active investigators.
Teachers can be advocates for students who are homeless.
Teachers can be creative and flexible on the job.
Teachers can be creative in the forms of assessment they wish to employ in their classrooms.
Teachers can be distrustful of career bureaucrats.
Teachers can be ill-suited to provide perspective for one another.
Teachers can be men or women.
Teachers can be more flexible and creative.
Teachers can be more responsive to more of their students.
Teachers can be on both teachers' lists if they wish.
Teachers can be proud of their prodigy's.
Teachers can be researchers, researchers can be designers, and designers can be teachers.
Teachers can be role models.
Teachers can be so influential.
Teachers can be spokespersons for scientists as they observe and participate in research.
Teachers can be strict and still be a favorite among students.
Teachers can be the first to notice when a child has a vision problem.
Teachers can be their own best advocates.
Teachers can be tolerant towards the use of Singlish outside the classroom.
Teachers can be wonderful sources of information to help in the analysis of such figures.
Teachers can become friends as well as advisors.
Teachers can become frustrated and overwhelmed.
Teachers can become involved in the organization as well.
Teachers can begin signing their classes up for an orientation session.
Teachers can begin to educate their students.
Teachers can benefit from the opportunity to work in small groups to develop assessment tools.
Teachers can benefit from using technology and media in the classroom.
Teachers can benefit just as dramatically.
Teachers can book online.
Teachers can book the room to bring students in for lessons.
Teachers can book time in the lab two weeks in advance.
Teachers can bookmark information for focus in the classroom.
Teachers can borrow loans to use in the classroom for a half-term.
Teachers can borrow more liberally.
Teachers can borrow papermaking kits to make recycled paper with their class.
Teachers can borrow programs free of charge for a two-week loan period.
Teachers can borrow similar equipment from area education offices throughout Iowa.
Teachers can borrow some methods for teaching young children at school.
Teachers can borrow the trunk at lending sites throughout the country.
Teachers can bridge the gap between home and school.
Teachers can bring a computer to class and plug-in.
Teachers can bring real data into their projects, and do real science with their students.
Teachers can bring their classes here or take a class themselves.
Teachers can bring their classes in to use the internet and the library's reference section.
Teachers can bring their life experiences to the classroom to show the way for the students.
Teachers can browse the catalog via the internet and book directly on-line.
Teachers can browse the list of current vacancies on line.
Teachers can build a web site for their school or class.
Teachers can build anticipation by keeping kids informed of the curriculum plan.
Teachers can build strong, productive relationships with students.
Teachers can build trust with their students by acting to stop bullying.
Teachers can buy tapes or books, get activity ideas or search for a teller in their area.
Teachers can call for a complete information package.
Teachers can call for further details.
Teachers can call for help in a closed classroom or at the school yard perimeter.
Teachers can call for information.
Teachers can call in advance to reserve a special time and date.
Teachers can call on one another to practice their skills and troubleshoot problems.
Teachers can call our toll free number for account inquires or questions on order execution.
Teachers can call the branch to make an appointment for class visits.
Teachers can call to arrange a program.
Teachers can call upon different intelligences within their students to bring about learning.
Teachers can call-in, fax, or email ideas and solutions during the telecast.
Teachers can capture a lot of rhetoric in a single formula.
Teachers can carry yellow and red cards to the playground.
Teachers can certainly help students form questions.
Teachers can challenge students to prove or disprove their answers or hypotheses.
Teachers can change a given scenario by adjusting the program on their laptop.
Teachers can change classroom routines to help children with learning disabilities.
Teachers can change lives with just the right mix of chalk and challenges.
Teachers can change, reinforce, and get maximum potential from young people.
Teachers can charge if students cancel lessons on the same day or are absent without any notice.
Teachers can check against the library use calendar to help to plan visits.
Teachers can check book availability from the classroom.
Teachers can check out a cart and easily roll it into their classrooms.
Teachers can check out classroom textbook sets or can borrow from a treasure house of materials.
Teachers can check out materials for their class.
Teachers can check out software for their classroom computers.
Teachers can checkout books and videos for the school year.
Teachers can choose a tour from our catalogue, or create their own itinerary.
Teachers can choose between one with and one without hints.
Teachers can choose from seven different virtual field trips or submit ideas for their own programs.
Teachers can choose from several lessons, and share their results with others schools.
Teachers can choose from the following categories in compiling their portfolios.
Teachers can choose from the list of immune system terms to match their students' level of learning.
Teachers can choose from the options presented under each topic.
Teachers can choose missions for students, modify problems, and adjust difficulty levels.
Teachers can choose one of two approaches to best fit their teaching needs.
Teachers can choose stories that suit the needs of their particular classrooms.
Teachers can choose the elective element most relevant to their class.
Teachers can choose the number of images seen at any time.
Teachers can choose the ones that best fit the curriculum.
Teachers can choose the particular focus for the exemptions.
Teachers can choose their correct level, elementary, middle or high school.
Teachers can choose three, four or all five modules.
Teachers can choose to do their own activities that support the theme.
Teachers can choose to only follow along or they can also report sightings in their area.
Teachers can choose to use some or all of the procedures.
Teachers can choose up to four separate two-hour courses .
Teachers can choose which classes to take, and they can repeat classes as often as they wish.
Teachers can choose which level is most appropriate for their students.
Teachers can choose which part of the country they want to be assigned to.
Teachers can choose which parties to assign to each group.
Teachers can circulate and record the students' responses.
Teachers can claim free stickers for every student and a certificate of participation.
Teachers can claim income tax relief on certain books purchased to help with their teaching.
Teachers can clearly demonstrate to themselves and their learners when skills gains have been made.
Teachers can click here for more information.
Teachers can click on any student's name, and see and hear about that student's learning style.
Teachers can collaborate with other teachers.
Teachers can collect the questionnaire and retain it until the end of the term.
Teachers can collect their own specimens over the year and build up quite a collection.
Teachers can combine and collaborate to create the very best small schools of choice.
Teachers can come from all subjects.
Teachers can come here and learn how to use and take care of that microscope.
Teachers can come to a collaboratory to develop projects.
Teachers can communicate with parents and access various education links.
Teachers can compile customized class readers at a reasonable price, without infringing copyrights.
Teachers can compile extracts of such dialogues for comparison and discussion.
Teachers can conclude dialogues by summarizing and synthesizing ideas.
Teachers can connect to industry through site visits as well as through intensive, paid externships.
Teachers can connect to sites with lesson plans and activities presented in pdf files.
Teachers can connect to the Internet in their classroom using their laptops.
Teachers can consider the way students problem solve, as well as their answers.
Teachers can construct learning centers to help students fully utilize their intelligences.
Teachers can consult indexes and catalogues by name, place and subject.
Teachers can consult with behavior specialists when a student's behavior interferes with learning.
Teachers can consult with other teachers addressing similar material.
Teachers can contact one another through a number of means, provided they have e-mail access.
Teachers can continue to earn after retirement, from royalties on their CD-ROM courses.
Teachers can control the level of play or it can grow with the student.
Teachers can control whether the video is interrupted with onscreen text, which they can edit.
Teachers can conveniently assess student behaviors using behavior report cards.
Teachers can copy the pages for classroom use.
Teachers can copy the tests and send students on their way to seek answers.
Teachers can correct the work online at their leisure.
Teachers can cover more ground in each lesson and provide daily feedback to students.
Teachers can cover the standards from several content areas.
Teachers can create a list of questions for students to answer based on their state's stats.
Teachers can create a rubric for clarity in grading.
Teachers can create age-appropriate grids.
Teachers can create and develop their own courses on-line for students.
Teachers can create and hand out assignments over the network.
Teachers can create and print their own Flashcards.
Teachers can create and structure mathematically rich environments for students in a number of ways.
Teachers can create bibliographies that support the curriculum.
Teachers can create custom assignments for a student, a group, or an entire class.
Teachers can create customized word lists and the program also has automatic record keeping options.
Teachers can create customized word lists.
Teachers can create data sets for students to explore.
Teachers can create demos to illustrate facts about the earth.
Teachers can create disks of data for a lesson.
Teachers can create educational activities on the Internet.
Teachers can create gaming simulations.
Teachers can create interactive on- screen or printed quizzes for students.
Teachers can create interesting and interactive lessons that can be easily modified.
Teachers can create large classroom lessons, big books, rules and maps.
Teachers can create large classroom lessons, rules and maps.
Teachers can create lesson plans in minutes.
Teachers can create lists of language patterns.
Teachers can create models, or templates, for the structures of written expression.
Teachers can create name cards for each student to be used during class when calling on students.
Teachers can create newspaper scavenger hunts for most any subject area or grade level.
Teachers can create on-line quizzes.
Teachers can create or use ready-made online quizzes.
Teachers can create quizzes or use existing quizzes.
Teachers can create quizzes to give a student some extra practice.
Teachers can create quizzes, research curriculum and standards guides.
Teachers can create seven different puzzle types from anagrams to crossword puzzles.
Teachers can create templates for each type of assignment.
Teachers can create their own courses on the website for free.
Teachers can create their own exercises.
Teachers can create their own library of comments.
Teachers can create their own online collaborative project.
Teachers can create their own private chat room for their classroom.
Teachers can create their own quizzes and have students log-in to the web page and take the quiz.
Teachers can create their own.
Teachers can create unique logins so students have access only to select lessons.
Teachers can create unique logins so students only access select lessons.
Teachers can create worksheets for homework or in-class activities.
Teachers can create, collect, grade, and return assignments by the same means.
Teachers can customize all kinds of messages for their students.
Teachers can customize each disabled student's word processor to their skill level.
Teachers can customize menus to display only relevant tools, and they can add macros to any menu.
Teachers can customize options for information display and program control.
Teachers can customize or add new sounds, images and objects within images.
Teachers can customize software to meet student needs and keep records to chart student progress.
Teachers can customize the activities by using their own vocabulary words.
Teachers can customize the games with their own topics.
Teachers can customize the problems, add their own problems, and print progress reports.
Teachers can customize the program according to their students levels and abilities.
Teachers can customize the program to tie in with their current in-class word lists.
Teachers can customize the stack and get a printout of students' progress.
Teachers can deal with the content at several levels, and the model itself is worth a try.
Teachers can deal with the normal variation as it occurs in the population.
Teachers can decide on which projects to undertake that matches content area.
Teachers can decide which to recycle.
Teachers can decide which worksheets a student needs to complete.
Teachers can design a template for each lesson in their course of study.
Teachers can design lessons based on each book, being guided by the book's content.
Teachers can design many more experiences that challenge their students in a supportive environment.
Teachers can design such classrooms, and computers can help.
Teachers can design their own sea chest collection from available items from our loan program.
Teachers can develop a classroom web page and develop online quizzes for students.
Teachers can develop checklists to fill out as they listen to children read.
Teachers can develop on-screen interactive quizzes.
Teachers can develop their professional skills by taking online courses.
Teachers can devote more time to math concepts and less time to complicated calculator commands.
Teachers can directly use the activities, lessons, and materials back in their classrooms.
Teachers can disable lessons and customize activities.
Teachers can discuss course topics electronically with individual students or groups of students.
Teachers can discuss health and cultural content relevant to learners.
Teachers can discuss issues over the telephone or ring and make an appointment.
Teachers can display computer screens on the television or through a projector in their room.
Teachers can distribute a newspaper template to their pupils.
Teachers can divide the students to research either weapons or uniforms.
Teachers can do a better job of encouraging and supporting each individual s development.
Teachers can do a checks and balances.
Teachers can do a whole lot more with fewer younger ones in their class.
Teachers can do collaborative meaning-making through discourse.
Teachers can do it so easily if they just begin and stick to a good plan.
Teachers can do much to promote joy in learning.
Teachers can do neither.
Teachers can do one or the other, or a combination of both.
Teachers can do the cleaning, or they can have students do it in the last ten minutes of the day.
Teachers can do the same in the classroom.
Teachers can do the same.
Teachers can do two things to keep ideas from becoming too tangled.
Teachers can document observations about individual student behavior.
Teachers can download a copy of the curriculum.
Teachers can download a marine biology lesson plan or a classroom activity.
Teachers can download and print out the story books.
Teachers can download and print selected modules for use in class.
Teachers can download background materials.
Teachers can download bales of information on any subject.
Teachers can download book guides, too.
Teachers can download curriculum and teaching tips.
Teachers can download lesson plans and even create searches by adding their own preference sites.
Teachers can download lesson plans for classroom use.
Teachers can download lessons about experiments with microscopes.
Teachers can download PDF lesson materials.
Teachers can download the complete lesson to guide discussion.
Teachers can download the form , fill it, and mail or fax back to the office.
Teachers can download the full curriculum package from the website.
Teachers can draw upon the various themes that run throughout the artwork.
Teachers can earn bonus towards future purchases.
Teachers can earn continuing education credits by attending.
Teachers can earn continuing education credits for taking the courses.
Teachers can earn continuing education credits.
Teachers can earn degree without ever leaving town.
Teachers can earn eight professional development hours.
Teachers can earn one credit.
Teachers can earn professional development credits for attending the event.
Teachers can earn their masters or apply credits to state requirements for teacher recertification.
Teachers can earn three semester credits of professional development.
Teachers can easily access to the program just by clicking the play button.
Teachers can easily adapt the ideas to their own class levels.
Teachers can easily add exercises, which can be saved within the program or as external texts.
Teachers can easily add their own lessons.
Teachers can easily add their own resources or reviews to the directory.
Teachers can easily and quickly create their own interactive glossaries complete with sound.
Teachers can easily convince students that physics is fun.
Teachers can easily create custom made quizzes for students to answer online.
Teachers can easily create individualized worksheets for each student in a class.
Teachers can easily create new lessons.
Teachers can easily develop their own exercises.
Teachers can easily download the tests and change the material as they see fit.
Teachers can easily employ the package.
Teachers can easily execute a mime as simple as the telephone conversation.
Teachers can easily find the level that students are at and begin with that test.
Teachers can easily follow the detailed daily lesson plans.
Teachers can easily link to grade-appropriate lesson plans and learning activities.
Teachers can easily modify the lesson plans according to the levels of their students.
Teachers can easily monitor writing with their own on-line comments.
Teachers can easily pinpoint student achievement.
Teachers can easily reproduce lessons.
Teachers can easily transform the catalog into an online geography lesson.
Teachers can easily transform their lecture notes into an interactive electronic text.
Teachers can edit and maintain their own calendar and pages and they can do it from school or home.
Teachers can edit the lists of edited words to meet their needs.
Teachers can effective present materials to a class through online activities and assignments.
Teachers can effectively model interesting, expressive language for students to emulate.
Teachers can either attempt to change the student's beliefs and attitudes, or their behavior.
Teachers can either create original problems, or use any of a number of available options.
Teachers can either drop in or make an appointment with staff for individual or group consultations.
Teachers can either supply a paper copy or have the students view the article online.
Teachers can either use packages prepared by the state or create their own.
Teachers can elect to enroll in a single class or take all four as a series.
Teachers can elect to enroll in a single class or take all three as a series.
Teachers can e-mail class information to other teachers in their school and keep up with bulletins.
Teachers can e-mail grades to students and parents.
Teachers can employ numerous strategies to assess student learning.
Teachers can encourage and reinforce civic values as students work together.
Teachers can encourage children to be critical thinkers and users of the Internet.
Teachers can encourage participation at whatever level is appropriate for or desired by the child.
Teachers can encourage students to identify advertisements and examine their content.
Teachers can encourage the students to extend, elaborate, and clarify their ideas.
Teachers can encourage the use of senses other than vision.
Teachers can end up spending valuable class time chasing down homework.
Teachers can engage every student when they all have wireless laptops to use.
Teachers can engage their students in exploring geometry without needing a computer lab.
Teachers can enhance discussions by coupling rights with responsibilities both legal and ethical.
Teachers can enroll in classes from general mathematics through calculus.
Teachers can enroll online for the free service.
Teachers can enroll, delete, update, transfer, and report on students.
Teachers can enter classes, enter students, enter assignments, and enter grades.
Teachers can enter marks and comments using any PC equipped with terminal emulation software.
Teachers can enter their own comments and course objectives.
Teachers can evaluate and review homework in a variety of ways.
Teachers can evaluate children's answers for signs of misinformation and discomfort.
Teachers can evaluate their curriculum based on each student's ability to comprehend the materials.
Teachers can even access their own online guide.
Teachers can even create word searches, hangman games, matching games and other activities.
Teachers can even post homework assignments, Web links, and other homework help.
Teachers can even print it out to keep a running record of what they have accomplished.
Teachers can examine choices, and make changes where desirable and useful.
Teachers can examine language uses in their classrooms.
Teachers can exchange information with each other, and exchange views.
Teachers can exercise their right to withdraw from teaching the subject.
Teachers can expect few encouraging words .
Teachers can expect to brush up on their knowledge of specific reproduction principles.
Teachers can expect to have an short or medium term effect over the schooling years of a child.
Teachers can expect to lose more ground over their careers.
Teachers can expect updates on material availability as well as newly added resources.
Teachers can explain anything to someone in ten different ways or until that person understands.
Teachers can explain the inequalities over the rational numbers.
Teachers can explore different kinds of stories, methods, or storytelling and storytelling aids.
Teachers can explore examples such as one on a trip to the zoo to get ideas for their classroom.
Teachers can explore the current month's topic, or browse back issues.
Teachers can export a track's or cd's loop points making any song easy for their students to learn.
Teachers can facilitate with helping students draw up guidelines for activities.
Teachers can fax images to the media specialist for production.
Teachers can feel overwhelmed and daunted.
Teachers can feel very isolated.
Teachers can find a glossary and examples of forms and handouts in each.
Teachers can find a master list of supplies at the beginning of each unit.
Teachers can find a related Life in a Bottle activity.
Teachers can find activities based on level, topic or resource.
Teachers can find additional links in the interactive section.
Teachers can find classroom activities here as well.
Teachers can find classroom resources and lessons for their classes.
Teachers can find daily lesson plans and interactive resources based on the newspaper's content.
Teachers can find dozens of interesting lesson plans here.
Teachers can find excellent curricula here and parents can find materials to use at home.
Teachers can find exciting teaching activities on global issues included in the site.
Teachers can find free lesson plans, and support.
Teachers can find great curriculum materials.
Teachers can find helpful ideas, tips, lesson plans and other educational brainstorms here.
Teachers can find helpful links to educational sites that are full of lesson plans and ideas.
Teachers can find information on the use of Telescopes in Education.
Teachers can find information to support the study of West African history and culture.
Teachers can find learning center ideas and curriculum cures for any classroom.
Teachers can find lesson plans and classroom resources.
Teachers can find lesson plans and curricular materials.
Teachers can find lesson plans by topic as well as integrated lessons.
Teachers can find lesson plans for environmental issues.
Teachers can find lesson plans here, too.
Teachers can find lesson plans with hyperlinks to the handouts.
Teachers can find lesson plans, classroom activities, and links to astronomy-related Web sites.
Teachers can find lesson plans, lists of online projects and more.
Teachers can find lessons and activities related to a variety of topics found in the encyclopedia.
Teachers can find lessons for all content areas.
Teachers can find lessons on caves for their students.
Teachers can find links to sites that provide the creation of assessment tools.
Teachers can find many untapped resources right in their own community, whether large or small.
Teachers can find many useful activities and information for curriculum planning.
Teachers can find many useful activities and information forcurriculum planning.
Teachers can find numerous lesson plans for all curriculum areas.
Teachers can find our more by clicking here .
Teachers can find out about the languages, religions, and food around the world.
Teachers can find positions that match their interests and qualifications.
Teachers can find primary, middle school or secondary classroom keypals with similar interests.
Teachers can find projects, resources, and units for use in their classrooms.
Teachers can find resources such as lesson plans, projects and more.
Teachers can find software tutorials, share lesson plans, and participate in online sessions.
Teachers can find some great literature resources, too.
Teachers can find something for every grade level.
Teachers can find suggested lesson plans for government classes.
Teachers can find suggestions for effective strategies to meet the students' special needs.
Teachers can find their own section and get ideas for classroom activities.
Teachers can find units that correlate to the science curriculum.
Teachers can focus more on students because technology is doing more of the work.
Teachers can focus on either what the error is or why the error occurred.
Teachers can follow several guidelines for conducting productive parent teacher conferences.
Teachers can follow the programming calendar for videotape planning.
Teachers can follow up each morning show with a brief classroom discussion.
Teachers can follow up such conversations by sending home notes and photocopied materials.
Teachers can forgo establishing class rules or sizing up students.
Teachers can form pairs or buddies in a variety of ways.
Teachers can foster a love of reading through the attitudes and actions they model.
Teachers can foster readiness.
Teachers can function in all the duties of a deacon.
Teachers can gain insight into a child's spatial perception through examining their drawings.
Teachers can gain insight into the lives of their learners by reading the narratives.
Teachers can gather ideas how to deliver various skills.
Teachers can gather valuable research materials to show their classes.
Teachers can generate tests and students can master subjects.
Teachers can get a class code to save student scores.
Teachers can get a free CD to increase the teen suicide rate at their school.
Teachers can get a lesson plan.
Teachers can get a password from their schools media specialists for home access.
Teachers can get an a good idea of students progress by looking at their writing.
Teachers can get educational materials to explain the issues behind endangered plants and animals.
Teachers can get extra cash for professional development.
Teachers can get ideas for groups projects or reports using technology in the lesson area.
Teachers can get ideas for introducing chemical concepts or target approaches to classroom practice.
Teachers can get information about Wisconsin apples to plan an apple unit or an orchard tour.
Teachers can get it free.
Teachers can get lesson plans, go on virtual tours and get weather dates to use in the classroom.
Teachers can get lesson plans, the latest news in physical education, and new materials for class.
Teachers can get monthly lesson plans with lively guided class activities.
Teachers can get one CD for every computer in their class room.
Teachers can get quick and easy classroom ideas and recommended reading lists.
Teachers can get teacher guides to each show and also access on-line activity based on each show.
Teachers can get teaching aids that can be borrowed to fit into specific teaching units.
Teachers can get up to speed with our easy to use Internet training program.
Teachers can give each other support at various points in a class.
Teachers can give homework advice to students online before, during and after school hours.
Teachers can give more attention to each student.
Teachers can give seminars at the workplace on issues related to children and education.
Teachers can give students a choice of which homework assignments to do.
Teachers can give students and families individual passwords for privacy.
Teachers can give students assignments that involve looking at technology issues in current events.
Teachers can give students assignments to perform one act of kindness.
Teachers can give students more attention, either individually or in a small group.
Teachers can give the test several times during the school year to check a student s progress.
Teachers can go a long time on the energy from such moments.
Teachers can go the intranet for product descriptions, specifications, and prices.
Teachers can go to an Internet connection to receive additional gardening information.
Teachers can go to the counselor or the principal for help.
Teachers can grade online and administrators can record grade information online.
Teachers can grade quickly and consistently.
Teachers can grade the project as each section is completed.
Teachers can grade the student work in Assessing Student Work on the site.
Teachers can greatly enhance history instruction by the use of children's literature.
Teachers can group students to allow for individual differences.
Teachers can guide children in discussing their problems more freely.
Teachers can hand the unit to one another because it is so light.
Teachers can hand the unit to one another, because it is so light.
Teachers can harness the energy in incivility and turn it to a good end.
Teachers can have a lot of influence on students today.
Teachers can have a significant impact on how well their students achieve.
Teachers can have a significant impact on the way a child feels about learning.
Teachers can have great impact on the social, personal, and intellectual development of individuals.
Teachers can have some of the same conversations that parents have with kids.
Teachers can have students use the computer directly or make transparencies for class discussion.
Teachers can have students.
Teachers can have their students particpate as a class project.
Teachers Can Help .
Teachers can help advise about what types of books are appropriate.
Teachers can help all of their students by discussing foods from other countries with the class.
Teachers can help by assisting their students in submitting solutions.
Teachers can help by collecting all entries from one class on a single floppy.
Teachers can help by informing the office if there is a guest in their classroom.
Teachers can help by overlapping activities and helping students to avoid satiation.
Teachers can help by providing judging criteria for students and parents to consider.
Teachers can help by resolving conflicts related to school.
Teachers can help children understand, appreciate and practice unity in diversity.
Teachers can help children who are developing a fine motor skill to document their progress.
Teachers can help children work to preserve animals and their habitats.
Teachers can help kids get involved in understanding and working for peace.
Teachers can help make the connection by ensuring that lessons have some relation to the real world.
Teachers can help more children.
Teachers can help one another focus on and enhance the learning environment.
Teachers can help other teachers improve their classroom techniques, troubleshoot problems and more.
Teachers can help students deal with and overcome their computer anxiety while they are still young.
Teachers can help students learn by providing increased variety.
Teachers can help students see themselves in books.
Teachers can help their students in thinking correctly.
Teachers can help their students learn to read cursive as they are learning to write manuscript.
Teachers can help to prevent plagiarism by restructuring their assignments.
Teachers can hop on line and draw from national and local resource banks.
Teachers can identify and meet students' emotional needs.
Teachers can identify colleagues' cross-cultural experiences by conducting an informal survey.
Teachers can implement what they have learned.
Teachers can import graphics into special collections for their class to use on projects.
Teachers can improve their time management skills.
Teachers can improve withitness and monitoring of students by having roving eyeballs.
Teachers can incl ude the applet on a class Website.
Teachers can incorporate math, the arts, social studies and technology into their projects as well.
Teachers can incorporate opportunities for gender-different discourse patterns and purposes.
Teachers can incorporate the current news into their lessons.
Teachers can increase or decrease the complexity of an activity to fit the students' level.
Teachers can increase their knowledge of family involvement issues through specific courses.
Teachers can influence kids both inside and outside of school.
Teachers can influence students through positive actions and attitudes.
Teachers can initiate contact with parents or others within the school.
Teachers can initiate lessons from the existing types of dwellings in New Haven.
Teachers can input their own assignments via the web or have a student responsible for doing it.
Teachers can instantly see that a student understands the concepts when they work on the computer.
Teachers can integrate antibias learning into the entire curriculum at any education level.
Teachers can integrate the many facets of raptor biology within their curriculum.
Teachers can integrate the program into standard curricula.
Teachers can intentionally create the norms and skills of accountable talk in their classrooms.
Teachers can introduce a story with accompanying full-color images and audio and video clips.
Teachers can introduce lessons independently or as part of an interdisciplinary unit.
Teachers can introduce peer conferencing by modeling an appropriate conference to the entire class.
Teachers can introduce students to maps as a model and geography as a discipline.
Teachers can introduce the concept of volcanos at a group gathering.
Teachers can introduce the nursery rhymes through charts and songs.
Teachers can introduce the other factors as appropriate.
Teachers can invite a Civil War soldier or French voyageur to speak to their class.
Teachers can invite parents to visit the class at any time that is convenient to the parent.
Teachers can invite parents to visit the classroom at any time that is convenient to the parents.
Teachers can issue credits for lessons missed because of inclement weather.
Teachers can issue hall passes and sign personal passes.
Teachers can join an existing project or create their own.
Teachers can join chat rooms and visit message boards for ideas and sharing.
Teachers can join the network for free and receive the best technology resources.
Teachers can just give students the programmed guide and let students learn at their own pace.
Teachers can keep a large scrapbook with records of important events in the children's experiences.
Teachers can keep grades and attendance online and use texts that are available at no cost.
Teachers can keep it by their computers.
Teachers can keep their certification current by receiving credit for the workshops.
Teachers can keep track of who sleeps and who is a deprived child.
Teachers can lead a live, online virtual classroom joined by their Students, worldwide.
Teachers can lead discussions about each story and play along with the hand-play activities.
Teachers can learn a lot from one another, but many are hesitant to share their great ideas.
Teachers can learn about performance assessments, standards, classroom assessments, and portfolios.
Teachers can learn about web-based resources for educators.
Teachers can learn from day to day what is working and what needs changing.
Teachers can learn more effective strategies for dealing with bullying.
Teachers can learn so much about their students from the parents.
Teachers can learn that someone graced with stupidity, deserves more respect.
Teachers can learn the basics of sequencing and create their own songs and arrangements.
Teachers can learn to teach art.
Teachers can learn to work together and show kids that there's an interconnectedness among subjects.
Teachers can leave a personalized voice message to their substitute to ensure lesson continuity.
Teachers can lecture or instruct through closed audio system.
Teachers can link directly to lesson plans or link directly to professional scientists.
Teachers can link their Web pages directly to their school Web site.
Teachers can link to resources, best practices, student problems of the day, and product updates.
Teachers can list global studies events, pose questions and trade lesson plan ideas.
Teachers can list their homes and swap homes with other teachers during vacation times.
Teachers can listen in or respond later with comments on student work.
Teachers can listen to parents in the same way.
Teachers can listen to past episodes, and can pause, fast forward and rewind segments.
Teachers can listen, prompt discussion, and record the experiences.
Teachers can locate either individual students or entire classes.
Teachers can locate fairs or competitions for students with specific talents.
Teachers can log on at any time to check on students' progress individually or as a class section.
Teachers can look forward to better access to classroom resources and professional development.
Teachers can look here for an overview of the material.
Teachers can look through our list of class projects or post their own project to the list.
Teachers can make a book of such puzzles to keep with the cube pieces for students to check out.
Teachers can make a difference in every life they touch.
Teachers can make a difference in the lives of children.
Teachers can make a difference.
Teachers can make a point to engage new students in frequent conversations.
Teachers can make a tremendous difference in the life of a child with disabilities.
Teachers can make additional copies.
Teachers can make charts to hang in the area near where kids come to share their books.
Teachers can make class announcements and assignments through electronic mail.
Teachers can make comprehension questions, or set that task to their students.
Teachers can make connections when two or more disciplines coincide.
Teachers can make copies of the requirements, preferably at least three months before the auditions.
Teachers can make maps of all different sorts for use in their own teachings.
Teachers can make mazes, word searches, math squares, etc.
Teachers can make or break the nation' is what most people believe in.
Teachers can make sure students know that their return to school is noticed and valued.
Teachers can make templates that serve as a background for specific tasks.
Teachers can make the decision based on the needs and abilities of their students.
Teachers can make the subject come alive and nurture a life long interest in learning.
Teachers can make their own tutorials using provided templates.
Teachers can make transparencies to go over items with class as a whole.
Teachers can make up games based on their own material and needs.
Teachers can make use of multimedia technology to create more effective classroom presentations.
Teachers can make use of valuable educational content on Internet.
Teachers can make videos with content specific to their class.
Teachers can manage student access by pre-selecting lessons.
Teachers can meet jointly with parents.
Teachers can meet local district curriculum requirements that reflect national standards.
Teachers can meet lost students at the cloakroom.
Teachers can model compassion for all students.
Teachers can model speaking and listening strategies.
Teachers can model writing daily and can teach a mini-lesson.
Teachers can moderate the group or assign students to coordinate the discussions and topics.
Teachers can modify it to fit their students' needs.
Teachers can modify it to use in other situations including elementary and middle schools.
Teachers can modify specific course procedures when appropriate.
Teachers can modify the activities to suit the needs of their students.
Teachers can modify the game by introducing activity cards at each round of play.
Teachers can modify the lesson plan into a student handout.
Teachers can modify the order and content of lessons for each student.
Teachers can modify the tasks based on levels.
Teachers can modify the worksheet to fit the needs of each class.
Teachers can monitor progress.
Teachers can monitor student progress on either the whole program or individual questions.
Teachers can monitor student progress with results organized by learning outcomes.
Teachers can monitor student's contributions.
Teachers can monitor students' progress through a built-in assessment program.
Teachers can monitor their progress through computerized records and progress reports.
Teachers can monitor their students' progress in the record management system.
Teachers can monitor their students' progress through computer generated reports.
Teachers can more easily catch a drug or alcohol problem.
Teachers can more reasonably demand higher quality results.
Teachers can most times intervene and punish the big bully.
Teachers can motivate students to love learning.
Teachers can move to other grades and easily teach the program.
Teachers can network.
Teachers can no longer afford to blame anyone for what is happening in education.
Teachers can no longer employ the sit and get method of instruction.
Teachers can no longer enforce discipline in the classroom.
Teachers can now ask questions of other teachers across the country.
Teachers can now assemble information for the student to interactively review on their own.
Teachers can now be road warriors.
Teachers can now build customized math lessons down to the smallest detail.
Teachers can now check the Web for lesson plan ideas and multimedia tools.
Teachers can now enhance presentations for their visual learners.
Teachers can now exchange ideas with colleagues on-line and get new fresh ideas for lesson plans.
Teachers can now purchase a Teacher's Kit for either game.
Teachers can now select problem types to hide for certain databases.
Teachers can nurture intellectual excitement by linking classroom activities with real life.
Teachers can observe groups to gather evidence about emerging language skills.
Teachers can observe several precautionary steps when taking students on field trips.
Teachers can obtain a detailed report on the access behavior and performance of students.
Teachers can obtain a variety of useful discards donated from all over California.
Teachers can obtain free programs from the Internet for use in the classroom.
Teachers can obtain further assistance and advice by email or telephone.
Teachers can obtain further assistance and advice via email, telephone or fax.
Teachers can obtain information on various topics.
Teachers can obtain teaching strategies or classroom ideas from the help of associations.
Teachers can obtain the latest guides to presenting each chapter of the textbook.
Teachers can obtain training and classroom support material.
Teachers can obtain video instructional materials and informational pamphlets.
Teachers can offer choices for a topic or provide a topic for the class.
Teachers can often appear successful after force-feeding children information.
Teachers can often help children develop better study skills.
Teachers can often help each other learn new technological skills.
Teachers can only do so much with what they are given.
Teachers can only do so much.
Teachers can only give what and who they are themselves.
Teachers can only know so much.
Teachers can only read or clarify directions during the test.
Teachers can only teach what they know.
Teachers can only upload or download one file at one time.
Teachers can open children's eyes to the world and make it fun at the same time.
Teachers can order a copy in the medium best suited to each student.
Teachers can order a free cassette gift that includes two books in their entirety.
Teachers can organise the content into lesson chunks and limit learner access to current lessons.
Teachers can override.
Teachers can oversee the process and comment where useful.
Teachers can participate at school or at home, at any time that's convenient.
Teachers can participate for free in something called the Project Zone .
Teachers can participate in free-throw and dance contests.
Teachers can participate with their classes in special contests.
Teachers can partner directly with parents by exchanging educational materials.
Teachers can pause the video for brief discussions or questions during the video.
Teachers can pick a story, list the different points made or show the different sides presented.
Teachers can pick and choose among lesson plans from each unit.
Teachers can pick and choose from the units, according to their own schedules.
Teachers can pick and choose to meet the needs of the student or their area.
Teachers can pick the appropriate term for their students.
Teachers can place their orders any time.
Teachers can plan activities with other teachers.
Teachers can plan more varied lessons.
Teachers can plan specific PD activities to meet their needs.
Teachers can play a key role in preparing young people for the future.
Teachers can play a large role in the safety levels in the school.
Teachers can play a strong role in such situations.
Teachers can play the audio for the entire class as a supplement to reading the text.
Teachers can play the same dialogue as many times as necessary.
Teachers can play videos in class on any topic.
Teachers can play videos in-class on any topic instantly.
Teachers can post assignments or extra information here.
Teachers can post assignments, and students can search for assignments from school or at home.
Teachers can post assignments, announcements, and other information for students and for parents.
Teachers can post can post homework and class information on the Internet in seconds.
Teachers can post class assignments on the web.
Teachers can post from anywhere, any time.
Teachers can post homework assignments online.
Teachers can post homework assignments, event calendars, and other useful information.
Teachers can post homework assignments, the course syllabus and a calendar of events.
Teachers can post homework on the net for students to see.
Teachers can post information about their classes on their own personal page.
Teachers can post lessons as well.
Teachers can post news items that are assignments.
Teachers can post quizzes for their students to do online.
Teachers can post resumes to a resume bank and search for vacancies statewide.
Teachers can post students' work on Web pages.
Teachers can post their availability for work.
Teachers can post their own problem challenges.
Teachers can post to the bulletin board by sending an e-mail to the webmaster .
Teachers can prepare bibliographies for units from their classroom workstations.
Teachers can prepare execrcises for later retrieval and practice.
Teachers can prepare lessons to help students identify explicit and implicit definitions.
Teachers can prepare quizzes, visit the teacher's lounge or check out the curriculum guide.
Teachers can pre-record a description of the daily homework assignments for their classes.
Teachers can present instructional materials, handouts, and test items.
Teachers can prevent massive data losses by processing student floppy disk files often.
Teachers can print a class or individual report to see how their students are doing.
Teachers can print and handout to parents.
Teachers can print off a copy of the puzzle already solved for reference purpose.
Teachers can print off a lesson, make copies or use the resources online.
Teachers can print out and cut apart the illustrated idiomatic phrases and their meanings.
Teachers can print out graphics for group use.
Teachers can print reports to share progress with parents and students.
Teachers can print the data sheet or download the postscript file using the link.
Teachers can print their own class lists any time, without involving administrative staff.
Teachers can produce new stock listings easily.
Teachers can produce their own tasks depending on the level or needs of the learners.
Teachers can produce valid practice tests, and reliable post tests.
Teachers can profile various individuals as role models or develop career awareness.
Teachers can profoundly affect the lives of children.
Teachers can profoundly shape the consciousness and actions of their students.
Teachers can promote respect by treating their students with respect.
Teachers can propose a workshop, see on the website how many more are needed to get the workshop.
Teachers can provide a setting that encourages the development of partnership behaviors in parents.
Teachers can provide ample opportunities for their students to learn about genetics.
Teachers can provide choices during an activity or project.
Teachers can provide culturally sensitive information to young Somali women in schools.
Teachers can provide firm but supportive suggestions to the aggressor.
Teachers can provide more individualized instruction to meet the students' learning needs.
Teachers can provide personal examples of their physical response to stress.
Teachers can provide physical release by including a pounding stump in their classroom.
Teachers can provide some models and make some of the signs early in the year.
Teachers can provide students with simple rules and tools for using documents and writing histories.
Teachers can provide test strategies to help reduce test anxiety and provide a tool for test taking.
Teachers can provide the addition of new vocabulary words in ways that are fun and enriching.
Teachers can provide the kind of movement that supports learning in their classrooms.
Teachers can publish the course outline and requirements in all of the students' project books.
Teachers can publish web content at anytime from any internet-connected computer.
Teachers can purchase books online and check out online educational publications.
Teachers can purchase by phone.
Teachers can put Spanish labels on shelves where paper, pencils, and classroom supplies are kept.
Teachers can put up a web site containing class notes, homework, make-up tests, and other resources.
Teachers can quickly create different pairings by combining suits.
Teachers can range from different levels of computer and research expertise.
Teachers can reactivate their files, along with business people and others.
Teachers can read aloud the book to instruct all students about the special needs of diabetic kids.
Teachers can read aloud to younger children, whilst older children can read independently.
Teachers can read and print study guides, and theater volunteers do online scheduling.
Teachers can read in attitudes in a minute about what a parent thinks of school.
Teachers can read national education news and search the lesson-plan archive.
Teachers can readily communicate with parents and students about current grades and assignments.
Teachers can readily create integrated units with little intervention from outside resources.
Teachers can readily integrate with little intervention from outside resources.
Teachers can readily monitor group progress and individual participation.
Teachers can readily see which activities pertain to given concepts.
Teachers can really let things within the work place affect the way they teach.
Teachers can rearrange rooms to allow students to work in teams.
Teachers can receive continuing education credit for the course.
Teachers can receive free admission to exhibits for class preparation.
Teachers can receive free educational guides as well as lesson plans and activities.
Teachers can receive ideas on how to modify the math challenge to fit the needs of students.
Teachers can receive the answers via e-mail by clicking here.
Teachers can receive the paper at a reduced rate.
Teachers can receive top-quality training that meets their schedule and budget restraints.
Teachers can receive training to master the technology competencies through a wide range of choices.
Teachers can record and use all or part of the program at their convenience.
Teachers can record grades and attendance for the entire school year.
Teachers can record homework assignments for their students.
Teachers can record information and homework assignments for their students.
Teachers can record telecasts from a participating local public television station or satellite.
Teachers can redirect a child who is sad about resting to comfort a doll or look at a book.
Teachers can redirect a child who wants to play actively to a large motor activity.
Teachers can refine and improve their teaching skills as the team develops.
Teachers can register a class or several classes free at the site.
Teachers can register and create on-line quizzes.
Teachers can register and set up classroom accounts.
Teachers can register classes and put local ponds .
Teachers can register directly from the web site.
Teachers can register for free and apply online for hundreds of current teaching job vacancies.
Teachers can register for free and apply online for hundreds of current teaching positions.
Teachers can register for informaton and materials.
Teachers can register students for participation on an existing list or suggest a new list topic.
Teachers can register their classes and track their students' progress through each quiz.
Teachers can register their classes as teams, but any one can try the problems without competing.
Teachers can register their students to keep track of their progress.
Teachers can register to be e-mailed with their students' progress.
Teachers can register to receive classroom education ideas via e-mail.
Teachers can register to take advantage of the site's student progress monitoring capabilities.
Teachers can reinforce certain dispositions by setting learning goals rather than performance goals.
Teachers can rely on each other for guidance.
Teachers can remove the filter from a particular computer when necessary.
Teachers can repeat the exercise using several different adverbs.
Teachers can reproduce for class use at no additional costs with permission.
Teachers can request a free guide.
Teachers can request a particular type of field trip.
Teachers can request a specific focus within each category listed below.
Teachers can request and attend workshops on sexual harassment.
Teachers can request any or all the presentations.
Teachers can request different types of lesson plans.
Teachers can request help or make an announcement of certain classroom projects that involve e-mail.
Teachers can request that publishers provide digital versions of materials for specific learners.
Teachers can request the free guide at the site.
Teachers can require students to answer such questions in class, for homework and on tests.
Teachers can require the inclusion of the media from the museum as they desire.
Teachers can reserve computers for their students at both morning and lunch recess.
Teachers can reserve for a quarter, by week or day.
Teachers can reserve observation time and operate telescope remotely with classroom computers.
Teachers can reserve specific items for future dates when planning lessons.
Teachers can reserve the sets for a specific date.
Teachers can return books and check all loaned books.
Teachers can reuse rubrics for various activities.
Teachers can reuse the same material each year and new content can be added easily.
Teachers can review the drafts of the text in hand written form or typed, printed format.
Teachers can review wetlands curricula and find out how and where to order course materials.
Teachers can revise, review, modify, update, and print out the resulting tests.
Teachers can sample the class outlines and activities available in the complete kit.
Teachers can scale their particpation and tailor activities to meet the needs of their class.
Teachers can scan to see what other teachers are doing.
Teachers can schedule any of the curriculum topics to meet their class needs and schedules.
Teachers can search for classrooms to partner with in the countries of their choice.
Teachers can search for desirable activities through the database.
Teachers can search for educational materials.
Teachers can search for materials according to topic, function, level, and key words.
Teachers can search for specific subjects within curriculum areas.
Teachers can search for specific topics and are invited to add their own favorite lesson plans.
Teachers can search for UK based teaching jobs and post their resumes.
Teachers can search lesson plans, and classroom themes, which have been categorized by grade level.
Teachers can search the catalog or directly request items by following on-line instructions .
Teachers can search the site for lesson plans by subject matter, curriculum area and grade level.
Teachers can see a lesson plan.
Teachers can see activity suggestions here.
Teachers can see an overview of a student's results as a basis for final gradings.
Teachers can see and record how many attempts are made on specific questions.
Teachers can see how students are thinking and provide targeted feedback.
Teachers can see how the simplest tasks of daily life are changed in microgravity.
Teachers can see light bulbs go on and connections made.
Teachers can see pre-visit tour suggestions for field trips.
Teachers can see student responses to questions or prompts in the program.
Teachers can see what other teachers are doing around the globe and join in the fun.
Teachers can see when review is necessary.
Teachers can see who reads and forwards messages.
Teachers can select a grade level and receive tips and activities in math for that grade level.
Teachers can select activities that support their career development curriculum goals.
Teachers can select an appropriate song for existing study themes.
Teachers can select and tape programs which are relevant and support their curriculum.
Teachers can select from a menu of topics based on garden tours.
Teachers can select from a variety of programs, described below.
Teachers can select from a variety of two-week units that keep students challenged and interested.
Teachers can select from crosswords, wordsearches, quizzes and treasure hunts.
Teachers can select items just as patrons choose dishes from a buffet line.
Teachers can select short or long sequences of work designed for students at various levels.
Teachers can select the activities and classroom set-up that works best for their students.
Teachers can select up to five hands-on sessions.
Teachers can sell their technology materials on our site.
Teachers can send and receive electronic letters.
Teachers can send and receive information and assignments over the web.
Teachers can send assignments and announcements electronically to the group.
Teachers can send exercises home to anyone who missed a class.
Teachers can send in their student's best book reports.
Teachers can send messages and comments to the entire class .
Teachers can send out progress reports in a myriad of styles, formats, and colors.
Teachers can send samples of student work home electronically and receive parental responses.
Teachers can serve as models of such behaviors or the promoters of relevant knowledge.
Teachers can set levels of difficuolty and choose regrouping options.
Teachers can set the example.
Teachers can set up a class gradebook in five easy steps.
Teachers can set up a class in minutes.
Teachers can set up an entire class, or it can be used for an individual.
Teachers can set up electronic displays that the students can visit.
Teachers can set up parent email distribution lists for their class.
Teachers can set up student portfolios and customize assignments.
Teachers can shape and point far easier when the target is an exercise or short story.
Teachers can share bookmarks with their students.
Teachers can share circuits at a special internet site.
Teachers can share curriculum by publishing lesson plans and tutorials.
Teachers can share ideas and activities through the use of electronic bulletin boards.
Teachers can share information with colleagues.
Teachers can share overhead slides and lesson plans.
Teachers can share student work and ideas about curriculum and assessment.
Teachers can share the activities they develop through The Study Place's archive.
Teachers can share with families items such as books, videotapes, and child-made materials.
Teachers can show how they preview a text by examining the cover and reading the first few pages.
Teachers can show students how to design their own experiments to answer questions.
Teachers can show the whole thing or break it down into segments.
Teachers can sign up for a month math newsletter.
Teachers can sign up for a regular newsletter.
Teachers can sign up for password-protected access to additional resources.
Teachers can sign up for sponsored sets on a first-come basis.
Teachers can sign up Here.
Teachers can sign up one program, or both combined.
Teachers can sign up to get results from students.
Teachers can sign up to have one of the trunks for three weeks when it fits their lesson plan.
Teachers can sign up to receive support, win prizes and log on with students.
Teachers can sign up to take their classes to the computer labs as available.
Teachers can sign up to work with a trainer during their conference period before or after school.
Teachers can specify the borrowing period for materials they place on reserve.
Teachers can specify the starting level, number of tries and number of operators for each student.
Teachers can spend an enormous amount of their time developing electronic material.
Teachers can spend hours finding relevant quotes to motivate students.
Teachers can spend time exploring many aspects of the telecommunications industry.
Teachers can start at different times, proceed at different rates and finish at different times.
Teachers can start the year with one class and end the year with a whole different set of children.
Teachers can stay in one building their entire teaching career.
Teachers can still make the difference.
Teachers can still request an individual speaker to come to their classrooms.
Teachers can still use some of the child's native language.
Teachers can strengthen their dead classroom bar magnets.
Teachers can structure the questions to focus on the target concept.
Teachers can submit a letter on school letterhead with a list of eligible students' names.
Teachers can submit entries for students, with their permission.
Teachers can submit materials of their own.
Teachers can submit only one poem per student per year.
Teachers can submit proposals for their class to participate.
Teachers can submit their favorite lesson plans for posting on that page as well.
Teachers can submit their own reviews.
Teachers can submit videos to be included with the announcements.
Teachers can subscribe their school or classroom.
Teachers can subscribe to mailing lists for updates on various educational resources.
Teachers can suggest age appropriate books and ideas for various book projects.
Teachers can suggest appropriate programs and send home questions for families to discuss.
Teachers can suggest ideas if the students are stuck.
Teachers can suggest ways in which parents can help at home.
Teachers can supplement their knowledge of folklore by visiting the websites.
Teachers can supplement their own lesson plans with the material here, or create new ones.
Teachers can survey class knowledge as individual students complete a survey.
Teachers can systematically review prerequisite skills for the lesson.
Teachers can t afford to stay.
Teachers can t be social workers or mind readers.
Teachers can t do it alone.
Teachers can tack on a lesson on microscope use also.
Teachers can tailor instruction to meet the needs of individual learners.
Teachers can tailor the program for a whole class or an individual.
Teachers can tailor the programs for a whole class or an individual student.
Teachers can take a short quiz to find out what style they practice.
Teachers can take advantage of year-long opportunities for staff development .
Teachers can take as many of the workshops as they wish.
Teachers can take courses to fulfill their degree or teacher licensing requirements.
Teachers can take measures to assure each child participates and receives attention.
Teachers can take new roles through technology.
Teachers can take photos, make video tapes or record audio tapes.
Teachers can take the lead in creating an accommodating and welcoming climate in the classroom.
Teachers can take up to three hours each academic year semester and six hours each summer.
Teachers can talk about the benefits of space science and technology in their classrooms.
Teachers can talk about the T-table and explain what it is and when it is used in real life.
Teachers can tangibly see learning as an active, creative, and socially interactive process.
Teachers can tape programs at home or at school.
Teachers can teach and students can learn anywhere, any time.
Teachers can teach and students can learn.
Teachers can teach and young people can learn.
Teachers can teach by example too.
Teachers can teach from the technology center to students at home via the cyberschool chapter.
Teachers can teach instead of rendering health care, and it's a good investment.
Teachers can teach students how to read different types of texts by looking at their structure.
Teachers can teach test-taking skills as part of regular classroom instruction.
Teachers can teach to many learning styles.
Teachers can teach, coach, and facilitate the learners.
Teachers can team up to approach a single concept from the perspective of their various disciplines.
Teachers can tell flash from knowledge .
Teachers can tell of students who went on to be successful in academics and outstanding citizens.
Teachers can tell the difference immediately.
Teachers can test students and keep assessment results.
Teachers can then be alert to refer early, similar symptoms in other students.
Teachers can then determine if students have understood the concepts covered in class.
Teachers can then direct their students to the appropriate project link on the student page.
Teachers can then download the information to a computer for analysis.
Teachers can then fill in the names in the language desired.
Teachers can then make appropriate instructional decisions based on the skills each child exhibits.
Teachers can then publish the content for other students to see.
Teachers can then schedule, plan, and teach in a flexible manner.
Teachers can then tailor the following class to clarify and elaborate most helpfully for students.
Teachers can then target their writing instruction to the individual needs of their students.
Teachers can then use data to follow up in classroom with graphing results.
Teachers can then work up to the more complex conceptl.
Teachers can then write a description for each organism.
Teachers can think in terms of a continuing move toward more authentic learning.
Teachers can thus expand the range of areas in which they are eligible to teach.
Teachers can thus include complementary content within their regular teaching time frames.
Teachers can tie art, writing and science into one activity for their students.
Teachers can tie the newspaper comparison to almost any study unit or theme.
Teachers can track and record student progress.
Teachers can track each student's progress throughout the year.
Teachers can track learner progress with built-in, printable progress reports.
Teachers can track popularity on monthly graphs.
Teachers can track student progress and access their writing responses.
Teachers can track student progress and view and print reports.
Teachers can track student progress on the activities with a free reporting system.
Teachers can track student progress, assign activities, and measure results.
Teachers can track student progress.
Teachers can transfer interest.
Teachers can transform messages in their mailbox into stationary for creating personalized forms.
Teachers can trigger musical accompaniment for practice, performance or rhythmic training.
Teachers can try new approaches without coordination with a large, bureaucratic organization.
Teachers can tutor a student remotely in real-time.
Teachers can type class lists, name and address lists, and instructional groupings.
Teachers can type material that is hand-written by students to publish on the Web.
Teachers can understand students' thinking when they listen carefully to students' explanations.
Teachers can unknowingly contribute to the problem.
Teachers can unsubscribe from our listservs at any time.
Teachers can update student records on campus, off campus or both.
Teachers can update the line daily or weekly.
Teachers can use a familiar format like bingo to reinforce basic math, or language arts skills.
Teachers can use a rubric to score the overall project.
Teachers can use a similar process within their own classrooms to determine quality work.
Teachers can use a special editing mode to make comments directly on the students' work.
Teachers can use a spreadsheet to make a gradebook or manage other numerical data.
Teachers can use an overhead to project a question or simply verbalize the question to the students.
Teachers can use as much creativity as they wish to help students meet the new benchmarks.
Teachers can use assessment methods that allow students to reflect and rehearse before answering.
Teachers can use cognitive coaching to help cultivate critical thinking skills.
Teachers can use computers to move students from memorization skills to analytical skills.
Teachers can use computers to plan carefully-structured, multisensory, language arts lessons.
Teachers can use creative drama to make school a lot of fun.
Teachers can use databases to organize collections of resources and content information.
Teachers can use different students in spring and fall to incorporate greater participation.
Teachers can use filters to import and export with just a few simple menu options.
Teachers can use instructional strategies which get students to do what good readers do.
Teachers can use interview forms to encourage metacognition during reading.
Teachers can use it as a resource for their own classes.
Teachers can use it for any subject - graphing, storytelling, art.
Teachers can use it in courses that teach social science as an empirical science.
Teachers can use it in writing labs and to fashion graded exercises.
Teachers can use it to bring about discussion in classroom.
Teachers can use it to create lesson based learning overlays.
Teachers can use it to demonstrate lesson plans, and students can use it to demonstrate projects.
Teachers can use it to demonstrate the physical origins of pressure, temperature, density, etc.
Teachers can use it to evaluate and strengthen students' visual literacy.
Teachers can use it to help deliver instruction by way of videos, pictures, and even audio.
Teachers can use it to produce anagrams of vocabulary for quizzes and tests.
Teachers can use it to teach many Bible lessons at church.
Teachers can use journal writing to meet specific goals, or the purpose can be wide open.
Teachers can use laptops to record and organize notes on individual student progress.
Teachers can use manipulative transformational drills.
Teachers can use many for awards or rewards.
Teachers can use many of the lessons without the videos.
Teachers can use materials that students can easily relate to, such as disease prevention.
Teachers can use music tapes playing in the background as children work on table activities.
Teachers can use newspapers as a teaching tool.
Teachers can use newspapers to present information across the curriculum.
Teachers can use only a certain number of materials during the course of the school year.
Teachers can use only one module or any combination of modules.
Teachers can use other Fourth Amendment cases if desired.
Teachers can use our site for lessons.
Teachers can use play and humor to establish a climate conducive to learning.
Teachers can use primary source documents to gain an advanced level of understanding.
Teachers can use secure Internet sites to keep grade books.
Teachers can use semesters, trimesters, quarters, or six-week terms.
Teachers can use similar scaffolding strategies in other content, such as math and science.
Teachers can use students' personal experiences to develop vocabulary in the classroom.
Teachers can use tables to make their work easier in and out of the classroom.
Teachers can use technologies to increase delivery medium options.
Teachers can use template web pages to easily design their own projects.
Teachers can use testing in an instructional way given the right kinds of activities and programs.
Teachers can use the chapters in any order to suit their curriculum.
Teachers can use the company's main product to delete every fifth word from a student's paper.
Teachers can use the computers, review software and receive technology training on-site.
Teachers can use the content of the lesson plans in government, civics, or law courses.
Teachers can use the contest to encourage students to write, to be creative, and to love reading.
Teachers can use the creative lesson plan ideas with their students.
Teachers can use the curriculum guide in a variety of ways.
Teachers can use the descriptors to identify broad or narrow unit topics and themes.
Teachers can use the disc in class, and students can look at it on their own for review.
Teachers can use the entire packet or one unit of study.
Teachers can use the entire unit or just parts.
Teachers can use the form to order more educational packs.
Teachers can use the format as a template and complete the required sections.
Teachers can use the games for homework and study assignments.
Teachers can use the guide for all subjects.
Teachers can use the information presented here as a starting point to their careers.
Teachers can use the Internet for, well, all sorts of things.
Teachers can use the Internet to communicate with parents.
Teachers can use the Internet to find resources and curriculum guides to use in the classroom.
Teachers can use the Internet to find the most up to date information in a particular content area.
Teachers can use the Internet to help detect when students have plagiarized.
Teachers can use the lesson plans to help students learn more about homelessness.
Teachers can use the link to the archived problem to get ideas about student thinking.
Teachers can use the link to the archived problem to get ideas of student thinking.
Teachers can use the links included to enhance their teaching.
Teachers can use the links to construct individual tangram pieces.
Teachers can use the links to find recommendations for book purchases for their school libraries.
Teachers can use the maps to observe in colleagues classrooms.
Teachers can use the new Calendar screen to organize their work and private life.
Teachers can use the new skills they develop to enhance astronomy with other classes.
Teachers can use the notebooks to write notes to the students concerning their progress.
Teachers can use the potential of computers to focus on student learning.
Teachers can use the program to create picture materials for non-readers.
Teachers can use the program to create story templates for their students.
Teachers can use the program to make assignments and demonstrate concepts in class.
Teachers can use the projects to incorporate the Internet into the classroom.
Teachers can use the review games on the CDs in many different ways .
Teachers can use the same ABCs to learn more about readers.
Teachers can use the scenarios as a springboard for project ideas that are related to class themes.
Teachers can use the service to find out where casual teaching work is available.
Teachers can use the site to connect court-related issues to students' everyday lives.
Teachers can use the site to connect court-related issues to student's everyday lives.
Teachers can use the site to plan a complete project using the teachers' page.
Teachers can use the site's instructional framework as a guide to prepare lessons.
Teachers can use the software in many ways.
Teachers can use the software to prepare learning materials.
Teachers can use the system as part of units on health, nutrition and biology.
Teachers can use the time to counsel students.
Teachers can use the tool to make their instructional program more effective and productive.
Teachers can use the web page to construct teaching units using relevant and local examples.
Teachers can use the web page to construct teaching units using revelant and local examples.
Teachers can use their discretion in the distance.
Teachers can use their own discretion about handing out the coupons.
Teachers can use their own initiative to do things.
Teachers can use their understanding of multiple intelligences to differentiate instruction.
Teachers can use tradebooks as a starting point for meaningful classroom discussions.
Teachers can utilize a variety of methods to motivate their students to read.
Teachers can utilize electronic media in African languages to expand language and culture contacts.
Teachers can utilize plays to communicate much of the information that lectures typically cover.
Teachers can utilize service as an additional context for teaching and learning.
Teachers can utilize the links to support and enrich their daily math lessons.
Teachers can utilize the park as a classroon for day trips.
Teachers can vary the difficulty of the language and tasks involved to fit their classes.
Teachers can vary the difficulty of the language and tasks involved to fit various class levels.
Teachers can verbalize the objective for the children.
Teachers can video or audio tape their lessons and transcribe afterwards.
Teachers can view a five senses concept web which can be used with lessons.
Teachers can view a timeline of the battles and learn about each one in detail.
Teachers can view and edit results in a variety of dialogs and reports.
Teachers can view log reports for their MyClass.net site.
Teachers can view sample reports and download the program online.
Teachers can view the finished work, as well as the process used to perform it.
Teachers can view the schedules of any student they wish.
Teachers can view the short reviews by author index or title index .
Teachers can view their own link for teaching ideas and tips.
Teachers can view, sort, and print student work reports.
Teachers can visit online workrooms and attend virtual academies.
Teachers can visit the teachers' lounge on the website.
Teachers can vote too.
Teachers can watch a child at a computer and see how they are developing.
Teachers can wear and promote a special topic.
Teachers can weight and average and group columns together.
Teachers can witness the children's improvements firsthand.
Teachers can work it into their curriculum.
Teachers can work on their certification as they teach.
Teachers can work through modules wherever they can get connected to the Internet.
Teachers can work together more easily in some situations.
Teachers can work with knowledgeable people to meet the needs of their students.
Teachers can work with students at the class level to develop class rules against bullying .
Teachers can work with students at the class level to develop class rules against bullying.
Teachers can work with students at the classroom level to develop classroom rules against bullying.
Teachers can work with students to develop a list of rules for acceptable behavior.
Teachers can write questions the student can use to prompt self-evaluation.
Teachers can write several books on dogs.
Teachers can write the kids comments on a paper and give it to the author.
Teachers can write the text, the children read it and respond with an illustration.
Teachers can write the words at the bottom of the page.
Teachers can write their own curriculum or adapt one to fit their students' needs.
Teachers can write their own tests as well.
Teachers can, and in many cases do, make an enormous difference for students.
Teachers can, in turn, suggest ways for parents to help at home.
Teachers can, of course, select which parts of the book to use.
Teachers candidly discuss the role of staff development in their school's success.
Teachers care about children, and many teachers are parents themselves.
Teachers care about how children and parents feel.
Teachers care about how, and what, their students learn.
Teachers care about kids.
Teachers care about student's needs.
Teachers care about the student as a whole person.
Teachers care about their kids.
Teachers care about their students.
Teachers care about themselves, too.
Teachers care for other people's children.
Teachers care, and our students thrive.
Teachers care, and so does the community.
Teachers carefully consider the student s whole educational experience when preparing assessments.
Teachers carefully explain and model learning station activities before station rotations begin.
Teachers carefully monitor attendance.
Teachers carefully monitor class attendance.
Teachers carefully monitor student progress.
Teachers carefully plan high interest level lessons to motivate their students.
Teachers caring and teaching others to work for the good of all make individual students successful.
Teachers carry books, lesson plans, and knowledge.
Teachers carry the all-powerful club known as grades.
Teachers cause a desire to studies.
Teachers cause learning.
Teachers cease to be task masters and become coaches.
Teachers certainly are among the more deserving.
Teachers certainly don t consciously put children in such a box.
Teachers certainly have to put in more work to ensure that their students improve performance.
Teachers certified in Elementary Education require additional coursework plus student teaching.
Teachers challenge and encourage students to develop their potential.
Teachers challenge students to perform well above grade level.
Teachers challenge students.
Teachers change each hour.
Teachers change materials periodically to meet the interests and needs of the children.
Teachers change materials to provide experiences with new concepts.
Teachers change programs and teaching methods, extend curriculum and upgrade qualifications.
Teachers change the way they run their classrooms.
Teachers change their curriculum to prepare students for state and district assessments.
Teachers change their questioning technique.
Teachers change their teaching habits and practice to achieve new understandings and perspectives.
Teachers chart each student's progress to determine the necessary focus.
Teachers chart the rising mercury with thermometers in their classrooms.
Teachers check and often grade homework.
Teachers check as students take notes.
Teachers check in daily to answer questions, and guide the student discussions.
Teachers check it out, decide on specific uses.
Teachers Check local test dates.
Teachers check out resources and great classroom hints.
Teachers check out the special site designed for classrooms.
Teachers check student journals and give feedback.
Teachers check the corridors and toilets as they leave.
Teachers check the kits out to use during their instruction.
Teachers check their phone messages each day.
Teachers check to make sure the assignment is copied properly.
Teachers check to see that objectives are understood.
Teachers cheer any move to shrink their classroom populations.
Teachers choose a subject and teach one class.
Teachers choose a word that is unknown to the class.
Teachers choose activities for their class as part of the learning program.
Teachers choose and integrate appropriate software and technology tools into the curriculum.
Teachers choose areas to attend.
Teachers choose books with simple, interesting stories that engage toddlers.
Teachers choose from a variety of topics suited for kindergarten through college level.
Teachers choose games that are appropriate across a broad range of ages.
Teachers choose instructional strategies based on sound practice and research.
Teachers choose many more classroom activities that appeal to boys than to girls.
Teachers choose one child to pick out an animal cracker, so no one can see which one is picked.
Teachers choose one to two students each day who can participate.
Teachers choose professional development courses from an array of competing agendas.
Teachers choose readings.
Teachers choose software and dictate academic content, in consult.
Teachers choose the categories to assess and the appropriate method for gathering information.
Teachers choose the materials that best fit their course schedule.
Teachers choose the organizational model that is compatible with individual teaching styles.
Teachers choose the texts, design the curriculum and the lessons, and instruct the students.
Teachers choose to teach in the schools and the students choose to attend the schools.
Teachers choreograph new dance works for their students.
Teachers circulate and give help as needed.
Teachers circulate talking with the families.
Teachers cite dental problems as one of the causes of school absenteeism.
Teachers cite insufficient pay as their main complaint.
Teachers cite poor salaries among their main reasons for leaving the profession.
Teachers claim that the rise in health problems is overwhelming.
Teachers claim that they are presenting children with the facts and nothing but the facts.
Teachers claim the students are really learning the math concepts.
Teachers classify, sort and grade students.
Teachers classify, sort, and grade students.
Teachers clearly care about the total well-being of students.
Teachers clearly communicate specific self-help strategies.
Teachers clearly communicate their expectations about writing to the students.
Teachers clearly feel a sense of empowerment too after receiving training.
Teachers click here .
Teachers click here for more distance analogies and activities.
Teachers click Here for more info.
Teachers click here or below.
Teachers Click on the name for a biography.
Teachers coach and advise, but entrants have to complete their own work.
Teachers collaborate across grade levels and content areas.
Teachers collaborate and coach each other in the use of the same process.
Teachers collaborate at many levels at our school.
Teachers collaborate in developing effective educational tools.
Teachers collaborate more in Japan.
Teachers collaborate more.
Teachers collaborate on lesson-specific boundaries.
Teachers collaborate on testing and evaluating the students.
Teachers collaborate on the placement of students for the next school year.
Teachers collaborate to choose practices for experimentation and to analyze and reflect on findings.
Teachers collaborate to offer cross-curriculum study, even while focusing on a specific field.
Teachers collaborate to reduce weight.
Teachers collaborate with other teachers as they share and integrate Internet curriculum resources.
Teachers collaborate with parents in assigning work for the attendance period.
Teachers collaborate with peers for success.
Teachers collaborate with the librarian and bring classes in to work on a wide range of assignments.
Teachers collaborate with their colleagues.
Teachers collect a list of links and post comments and questions for students.
Teachers collect a variety of work.
Teachers collect all students' coupons in each classroom.
Teachers collect data for an experiment on the effect of rainfall on forest chemistry.
Teachers collect evidence of student growth as part of our assessment plan.
Teachers collect registration information in the first meetings.
Teachers collect the papers.
Teachers collect valid, reliable data to inform their instructional decisions.
Teachers colloborate with others in the district to develop lesson plans and integrated units.
Teachers combine stories, crafts, and outings to make the Bible real to children.
Teachers combine the best elements of hands-on and textbook approaches to teaching.
Teachers come across a lot of new terminology when they become involved in technology.
Teachers come and go and new software and hardware appear frequently.
Teachers come and go in universities.
Teachers come and go, but the principles always remain.
Teachers come and go.
Teachers come away with instructional strategies they can implement in their own classrooms.
Teachers come early and stay late to help students and one another.
Teachers Come First.
Teachers come for free if they teach at least one lesson during their time here.
Teachers come from a variety of backgrounds.
Teachers come from all over the world but primarily from North America, Great Britain, and Chile.
Teachers come from many Pentecostal and mainline denominations.
Teachers come from the area.
Teachers come from various regions of the U.S., Mexico, Canada, and Europe.
Teachers come from very different backgrounds.
Teachers come from within the class and congregation.
Teachers come here to give classes in first aid and literacy.
Teachers come here to learn new skills to bring back to the classroom.
Teachers come home with numerous resources to help integrate EE into the curriculum.
Teachers come in and sign up but our aides deliver and retrieve most equipment.
Teachers come in early and stay late.
Teachers come into contact with the professional environment of mentors.
Teachers come prepared and are in total control of their classes while using the library facilities.
Teachers come prepared with information about classes and students' progress.
Teachers come primarily from New York state, with a few from as far as Ohio and Massachusetts.
Teachers come quickly when called.
Teachers come ready to work cooperatively with fellow teachers and parents.
Teachers come to do their planning and research.
Teachers come to find videos and books for class use.
Teachers come to take classes to enhance their own teaching next year.
Teachers come together and talk about the differences they see in their students.
Teachers Come up north.
Teachers come up with individual uses of technology.
Teachers come with many culturally driven values that shape the instruction in the classroom.
Teachers command specialized knowledge of how to convey a subject to students.
Teachers comment about the site s usefulness.
Teachers comment about the site's usefulness.
Teachers comment on their experiences in exchanging work on Learning Circle projects.
Teachers comment on their experiences in Learning Circles.
Teachers comment on their experiences in planning Learning Circle projects.
Teachers comment that children are too tired and irritable to work well after late night viewing.
Teachers comment that there is greater consistency in the rules throughout the school.
Teachers commit to a minimum of forty hours of staff development yearly.
Teachers commit to planning together and taking a leadership role in their districts.
Teachers commonly describe the burden of guilt and neglect of their own families.
Teachers commonly poll children over religious affiliation.
Teachers commonly write or reproduce homework assignments hours before class time.
Teachers communicate expectations in a variety of ways.
Teachers communicate expectations with students through a weekly, unit, or grading-period syllabus.
Teachers communicate frequently with mentors by telephone, personal note or scheduled meetings.
Teachers communicate student status and progress to students, their parents and appropriate others.
Teachers communicate through newsletters, assignment notebooks and progress reports.
Teachers communicate well.
Teachers communicate with notes, newsletters or telephone calls.
Teachers communicate with parents about student progress in a variety of ways.
Teachers communicate with parents the progress of their children.
Teachers communicate with parents to discuss academic progress and affective development.
Teachers communicate with parents to encourage discussion and sharing about what is being read.
Teachers compare models of the Earth in the Round Earth, Flat Earth activity.
Teachers compare their water temperature measurements.
Teachers complain about budget restraints and cuts of tenured posts.
Teachers complain about new language-proficiency tests.
Teachers complain against the promotional and new remuneration scheme.
Teachers complain of frequent changes in insurance providers and programs.
Teachers complain of sore faces from smiling too much.
Teachers complain some of that training has been repetitive or ineffective.
Teachers complain that they lose teachable moments.
Teachers complement one another to achieve a well-balanced whole.
Teachers complete a project for their sponsors and are paid for their work.
Teachers complete coupons for students who are well-behaved or do great work.
Teachers complete curriculum maps showing what science content is taught and when they teach it.
Teachers complete the classroom observations handout of how the lesson went.
Teachers completing the certificate requirement also receive additional pay.
Teachers compose books and students write manuscripts.
Teachers compose the largest sector of government employees.
Teachers concentrate on teaching, publishers on profits, and bureaucracies on positions.
Teachers concentrate on their subject matter lessons much more.
Teachers conduct a periodic review of the textbooks during the school year.
Teachers conduct all three types of evaluation during the course of the school year.
Teachers conduct comparative studies of ecosystems in and around Long Island Sound.
Teachers conduct conferences with every parent at least once a year, with follow-ups as needed.
Teachers conduct discussion of stories in three phases.
Teachers conduct experiments.
Teachers conduct fieldwork and create an accompanying portfolio.
Teachers conduct instruction in an environment of respect and productivity.
Teachers conduct regular textbook checks.
Teachers conduct research at sites.
Teachers conduct usability reviews and staff revises.
Teachers confront that question every day in class.
Teachers connect curriculum, instruction, and assessment in a meaningful way.
Teachers connect their personal worlds of ideas and experiences to a broader cultural vision.
Teachers connect with other teachers, with their students, and with the parents of their students.
Teachers connect with students.
Teachers connect with their course material.
Teachers conscientiously mark and assess pupils' work and progress.
Teachers consequently avoid it, and their uncertainty is transmitted to the students.
Teachers consider it to be administrative work.
Teachers consider parent-teacher conferences one of the most important activities that they conduct.
Teachers consider testing too time-consuming, taking away valuable class time.
Teachers consider the best placement for each student given the class structure for that year.
Teachers consider the different ways students can practice and show mastery of skills and concepts.
Teachers consider the laptop their partner in the teaching process.
Teachers consider themselves partners in their child's learning and enjoy discovering together.
Teachers consistently rate program quality.
Teachers constantly call on parents to be more involved with their children's schoolwork.
Teachers constantly feel the strain of the spiritual battle they are fighting.
Teachers constantly monitor reading logs and point accumulation.
Teachers constantly praise and reward proper student behavior.
Teachers constantly praise students to reinforce good behavior.
Teachers constantly struggle to meet the educational needs of each individual in their classrooms.
Teachers constantly use annologies to help children understand the unfamiliar, etc.
Teachers constitute a significant portion of the librarian s instructional time.
Teachers constitute a significant portion of the librarian's instructional time.
Teachers construct daily, weekly, and term assessments for their classrooms.
Teachers consult parents and collect signatures before children leave the school grounds.
Teachers contact the artist directly to jointly plan the residency and submit applications.
Teachers continually comment approvingly on the tutors behalf.
Teachers continually monitor the area outside of the playground.
Teachers continually receive training in the use of available technology.
Teachers continually try to show the students their role in preserving our environment.
Teachers continue developing their field of expertise through graduate courses and workshops.
Teachers continue expanding children's awareness of sounds and capacity to recognize letters.
Teachers continue talking up calculus during freshman and sophomore years.
Teachers continue their traditional support by teaching the religion program within the school.
Teachers continue to be grossly underpaid.
Teachers continue to debate issues as they attempt to improve the school.
Teachers continue to find new methods for improving their parent presentations.
Teachers continue to focus on ideas, organization, word choice, fluency, voices, and conventions.
Teachers continue to grow professionally.
Teachers continue to have such rights as are available to all citizens.
Teachers continue to meet in subject areas, as well.
Teachers continue to oppose reforms favored by many conservatives.
Teachers continue to receive instructional materials throughout the school year.
Teachers continue to reuse old materials and make new ones.
Teachers continue to review and analyze strengths and weaknesses of our curriculum.
Teachers continue to set high standards and have high expectations for every student.
Teachers continue to structure, manage, and pace all activities.
Teachers continue to support student growth in math problem solving.
Teachers continue to work within their teams to create a flowing webpage.
Teachers continuously strive to bring history alive in the classroom setting.
Teachers contribute so much out of their own pockets and on their own time.
Teachers contribute their personal time by helping students before, during, and after school.
Teachers contribute to and are directly affected by the reform efforts.
Teachers contribute to school effectiveness by collaborating with other professionals.
Teachers contribute to school effectiveness by collaboration with other professionals.
Teachers contribute to student success.
Teachers contribute to success.
Teachers control restroom privileges.
Teachers cooperate through staff support teams.
Teachers cooperate with colleagues and respect one another as professional educators.
Teachers coordinate lessons when needed for individual students.
Teachers cope in various ways, but their instruction suffers.
Teachers correct young children' s spelling and letter formation.
Teachers correspond with parents and students by e-mail and post assignments on a homework web site.
Teachers cover anywhere from five to seven units.
Teachers cover topics.
Teachers create a climate that encourages student confidence and appropriate risk-taking.
Teachers create a multimedia instructional tool to use in their classroom.
Teachers create a risk-free climate which supports inquiry and creativity.
Teachers create a setting for student work that is flexible and supportive of science inquiry.
Teachers create activities that promote learning.
Teachers create an individualized plan for instruction.
Teachers create and impose identities on learners, affecting their ability and motivation to learn.
Teachers create and maintain their classroom page.
Teachers create and manage a classroom environment conducive to second language learning.
Teachers create assignments using the Internet as a research tool.
Teachers create challenging curriculum units tailored to their needs and their students needs.
Teachers create democratic learn environments.
Teachers create environments.
Teachers create exciting lessons that are fun and worthwhile.
Teachers create experience.
Teachers create experiences that involve students in assessing their own learning.
Teachers create learn environments.
Teachers create learn experience.
Teachers create learning opportunities for children to experience the benefits of bilingualism.
Teachers create materials to supplement curriculum and meet individual needs.
Teachers create models and accompanying curriculum.
Teachers create puppet heads during a teacher training workshop.
Teachers create relevance through their selection of good problems.
Teachers create the conditions to facilitate development and growth in all learners.
Teachers create the environment and model appropriate behaviors.
Teachers create their own topics.
Teachers creatively present a Bible story.
Teachers cultivate such thinking.
Teachers currently instruct classes in the languages they are most familiar and comfortable with.
Teachers currently use an intercom system.
Teachers curriculum on animal welfare topics.
Teachers dawn hard hats to get a close up view of how dimensional lumber is produced.
Teachers deal with an enormous amount of paperwork that is administrative and clerical in nature.
Teachers decide individually and together the issues to address.
Teachers decide what is appropriate to a specific student's needs.
Teachers decide when to collaborate with the children in their investigations.
Teachers define excessive absences in the syllabus for the class.
Teachers definitely deserve a pay raise.
Teachers definitely learn from experience.
Teachers deliberately group students with different characteristics together.
Teachers deliver an individual program for each student based on the child's strengths and needs.
Teachers deliver knowledge in the form of information.
Teachers demand a lot of work from their grad students.
Teachers demand students perform.
Teachers demand too much.
Teachers demonstrate a balanced approach to instruction, including phonics and whole language.
Teachers demonstrate a sound understanding of technology operations and concepts.
Teachers demonstrate a strong sense of responsibility toward their fellow men and women.
Teachers demonstrate an attitude of compassion and love for our young students.
Teachers demonstrate information and technology literacy.
Teachers demonstrate movement.
Teachers demonstrate tasks.
Teachers demonstrate technology literacy.
Teachers demonstrate that function of the computer to the class.
Teachers demonstrate the organization and literary features of the text.
Teachers demonstrate understanding of the basic linguistic components of the target language.
Teachers depend upon each other for fellowship, for encouragement, and for support.
Teachers describe experiments.
Teachers describe their feelings .
Teachers deserve a chance to convert theory into practice.
Teachers deserve a comfortable standard of living.
Teachers deserve a hanging.
Teachers deserve a lot of credit.
Teachers deserve a professional environment that respects their expertise.
Teachers deserve better compensation.
Teachers deserve better salaries.
Teachers deserve equal benefits from the state.
Teachers deserve every penny and more.
Teachers deserve far more backing than they have received from families.
Teachers deserve more public acceptance.
Teachers deserve more respect from students and parents.
Teachers deserve more than minimalist conditions in old age.
Teachers deserve respect from our society.
Teachers deserve the same performance-driven compensation system that exists in other professions.
Teachers deserve their pay and our respect and thanks.
Teachers deserve to be treated with respect and appreciated for their effort.
Teachers deserve to be treated with respect by students, society and government.
Teachers deserve to make far, far more than they do.
Teachers deserve wages at least comparable to the national average.
Teachers design activities.
Teachers design and incorporate the plan best suited to their individual classroom.
Teachers design meaningful learn tasks.
Teachers design meaningful tasks.
Teachers design protocols.
Teachers design tasks.
Teachers design the program to meet each child's individual needs and interests.
Teachers design their classroom presentations to meet student needs and abilities.
Teachers design their own curriculum.
Teachers design their own learning expeditions that align with district and state standards.
Teachers design their pods for one year.
Teachers design thematic curriculum around global themes and concepts.
Teachers designing curricula can look here for suggestions.
Teachers desire attention.
Teachers desire interested students.
Teachers desire teachs.
Teachers desire vacation.
Teachers determine assignments.
Teachers determine the purpose, aspects, or attributes of learning on which to focus the assessment.
Teachers determine the type of coaching to offer on the basis of their observations.
Teachers determine their individual weekly schedules.
Teachers determine when to administer MDTP tests to their students.
Teachers develop a deep understanding of the theory that shapes effective instruction.
Teachers develop a network of world-wide contacts to be used in future projects.
Teachers develop a relationship with their students.
Teachers develop action plans for school year projects to do on or near their school grounds.
Teachers develop an improvement plan based on the charting.
Teachers develop an inclusive curriculum to meet diverse student needs.
Teachers develop and ancillary teachers supervise centers and stations around the park.
Teachers develop and maintain butterfly gardens.
Teachers develop and maintain effective learning environments that support all students.
Teachers develop behavior expectations for their students that allow for optimum learning.
Teachers develop both a collection of activities and the confidence to find more.
Teachers develop confidence in using technology.
Teachers develop expertise in the use of technology.
Teachers develop individual learning plans.
Teachers develop instruction to engage students and enhance learning.
Teachers develop learning activities for the sessions.
Teachers develop lesson plans for use the next academic year.
Teachers develop more accurate knowledge of self and of learners.
Teachers develop new statewide assessment items.
Teachers develop professional skills for managing and monitoring student learning.
Teachers develop projects that incorporate business experience and expertise.
Teachers develop skills in integrating the technology into the curriculum.
Teachers develop skills to be members of learning communities.
Teachers develop specific plans for each classroom.
Teachers develop standards, align curriculum, and engage students in common assessment tools.
Teachers develop strategies.
Teachers develop strong relationships with their students.
Teachers develop stronger ties with students and see significant results for their efforts.
Teachers develop students' higher-order thinking skills.
Teachers develop students' technology skills necessary for their future education and employment.
Teachers develop teacher research.
Teachers develop term objectives using the Citywide Learning Standards.
Teachers develop the curriculum according to the needs and interests of the child.
Teachers develop the daily schedule to meet the instructional needs of students.
Teachers develop the single-concept lesson plans, which cover biology, chemistry, math, and physics.
Teachers Develop the skills to tap into local and global communities.
Teachers develop their own learning strategies.
Teachers develop their own test.
Teachers develop understandings of the theoretical underpinnings of reading acquisition.
Teachers develop working relationships with other teachers and with the consultants.
Teachers devote their time to provide students with fun, learning experiences.
Teachers devote two class hours daily to reading and writing.
Teachers diagnose causes of misbehavior and work with individuals before major problems occur.
Teachers dictate subject matter and students find links for other students to follow.
Teachers differ in patterns of development, and therefore in style.
Teachers differ in their ability to teach in accordance with standardized programs.
Teachers differ in their opinions of when a child is ready to start private lessons.
Teachers diligently seek to teach each student in the most productive way.
Teachers direct the students to begin work only after they have heard the directions.
Teachers directly affect the lives of children .
Teachers directly benefit when highly skilled teachers have taught their students in previous years.
Teachers directly instruct, model, and reinforce reading strategies.
Teachers discern the use of library research vs. electronic research.
Teachers discourage questions for a number of reasons.
Teachers discover links between Japan and Latin America.
Teachers discover that they can teach their students algebra.
Teachers discuss classroom management, and give tips.
Teachers discuss common problems and exchange ideas on what works in the classroom.
Teachers discuss grade level expectations and collaboratively plan activities.
Teachers discuss grades with students in conference during the marking periods.
Teachers discuss how and under what circumstances a smaller class size makes a difference.
Teachers discuss how to help children at home with identified skills.
Teachers discuss importance.
Teachers discuss new initiatives with parents and community members .
Teachers discuss rules and consequences and utilize a progressive and positive discipline plan.
Teachers discuss the difficulties of managing public lands for multi-purposes.
Teachers discuss the importance of embedded assessment to determine how much students have learned.
Teachers discuss the skills with parents and explain the strengths and weaknesses of their children.
Teachers discuss their experiences with activities involving one computer per student.
Teachers discuss use.
Teachers disempower students by limiting the number of choices they have in their class.
Teachers dismiss the allegations.
Teachers display examples.
Teachers distribute and collect follow up survey for parents.
Teachers distribute the packs along with the passes at the start of the autumn term.
Teachers distribute weekly notices to students who have overdue books.
Teachers divide each class into quarter units.
Teachers divide pupils in groups.
Teachers divide their classes into teams.
Teachers Divided For teachers, the issue is often no less fraught.
Teachers do a lot of development for present classroom assessment.
Teachers do a poor job of handling bullies, according to a nationwide poll of students.
Teachers do all the filing, all the correspondence, and all the quarterly reports by themselves.
Teachers do an outstanding job recognizing all students by displaying work in the hallways.
Teachers do and doctors and lawyers and even beauticians have their work audited.
Teachers Do Annoying things that teachers do to students.
Teachers do attend, but additional parent chaperones are needed.
Teachers do believe that they are underpaid.
Teachers do both with students each day.
Teachers do buy it to use with special ed.
Teachers do come to school prepared to include engaging activities in their curriculum.
Teachers do feel pressured.
Teachers do follow up activities in class.
Teachers do get decent benefits.
Teachers do get many mugs and ornaments.
Teachers do have more flexibility and personal control over how they use their time.
Teachers do have permission to use in their classrooms.
Teachers do have school E-mail accounts.
Teachers do it all the time.
Teachers do it in their classrooms with lesson plans.
Teachers do it with boys and girls.
Teachers do it with class.
Teachers do keep grades recorded manually in their grade books.
Teachers do make a difference in children's learning.
Teachers do make an influence on our children.
Teachers do make the difference.
Teachers do more than lecture while students are in their classrooms.
Teachers do much more than teach.
Teachers do much of the planning for events and celebrations.
Teachers do occasionally burn out and quit.
Teachers do research in particle physics, and students use real data from particle detectors.
Teachers do so much more than meets the eye.
Teachers do such stuff.
Teachers do take the student into consideration.
Teachers do the best they can with the limited time they have.
Teachers do the hardest work and have the most important job in our society.
Teachers do the same in school, as well.
Teachers do the same thing to students.
Teachers do their best, but are often hard pressed with inadequate means and too little time.
Teachers Do Their Best.
Teachers do their jobs quietly, largely isolated from other adults.
Teachers do too.
Teachers do use the week to catch up.
Teachers do usually give partial credit for such attempts.
Teachers do well if students do well.
Teachers do whatever they can to avoid submitting to any kind of standard.
Teachers do, often unwillingly.
Teachers do, too.
Teachers document meetings with parents of students in any academic or disciplinary trouble.
Teachers dole out cups of punch as a couple police officers patrol.
Teachers domonstrate commitment to students and their learning.
Teachers don t always know that a child is being bullied.
Teachers don t get any better than that.
Teachers don t have an incentive to do better.
Teachers don t have superiority complexes.
Teachers don t have time always to research resources.
Teachers donate their time.
Teachers donate time to decorate for the prom.
Teachers dot Net Good overall teaching links as well as nationwide job listings.
Teachers download curricula and activities for classroom use.
Teachers download the maps and have their students plot the location points of the turtles.
Teachers download the rules here .
Teachers draft their reports at high speed using personal statement sets.
Teachers draw a basic horses head.
Teachers draw attention.
Teachers draw content from a group of required units and a bank of optional units.
Teachers draw from a wide variety of resources to bring television and video into their classrooms.
Teachers dress like slobs.
Teachers drill their pupils with questions and commands, and the students respond in unison.
Teachers earn a regular teacher's salary and benefits.
Teachers earn a stipend and write a curriculum implementation plan from their experience.
Teachers earn a stipend and write a Curriculum Implementation Plan from their experience.
Teachers earn bonuses that are based on how well their students do.
Teachers earn continuing education credits for attending the workshops.
Teachers earn in service points for attending.
Teachers earn less than other professionals.
Teachers earn one or two university credits per module.
Teachers earn points based on the amount of money they spend.
Teachers earn the right to teach on the basis of their personal investment in the learning process.
Teachers easily select information from the manual deemed appropriate for their classes.
Teachers educate others freely.
Teachers educate the future leaders of tomorrow.
Teachers effectively deal with most behavioral problems without assistance.
Teachers elect representatives.
Teachers elect their own representatives, and the principal appoints the community representatives.
Teachers embrase the responsibility for ensuring success in learning.
Teachers emphasize a solid foundation in the basic skills.
Teachers emphasize character growth and creativity through small group activities.
Teachers emphasize coverage of content over understanding content matter.
Teachers emphasize goals.
Teachers emphasize hands-on application of math, English and science.
Teachers emphasize learn goals.
Teachers emphasize positive character traits through lessons found in the existing curriculum.
Teachers emphasize rote memorization.
Teachers emphasize sportsmanship, fair play, physical fitness and social interaction.
Teachers emphasize sportsmanship, fair play, physical fitness, and social interaction.
Teachers emphasize teaching methods.
Teachers emphasize that all languages can be interesting and fun to learn.
Teachers emphasize that math is a way of thinking and a network of ideas and concepts.
Teachers emphasize themes, relating lessons in one academic subject to others.
Teachers emphasize Zambian history and culture, and use Zambian textbooks when available.
Teachers employ a variety of techniques and strategies to meet goals and objectives.
Teachers employ an empathic supportive approach which respects the dignity of each person.
Teachers employ big books and hands-on activities.
Teachers employ concrete, visual, hands-on methodology, practice and repetition.
Teachers employ strategies that support all students regardless of where they are academically.
Teachers employ the target language in drill work and in cultural based dialogues.
Teachers empower students to take advantage of new and existing technologies.
Teachers encounter experience.
Teachers encounter similar experience.
Teachers encourage an atmosphere that fosters positive self-esteem.
Teachers encourage children to approach problems in as many different ways as possible .
Teachers encourage children to ask questions, explore and develop their own beliefs.
Teachers encourage children to express their needs verbally.
Teachers encourage children.
Teachers encourage children's spirituality and unique gifts.
Teachers encourage circle games and other motor skill building games.
Teachers encourage different suggestions about the concept based on initial observations.
Teachers encourage discovery and understanding through manipulation of materials.
Teachers encourage each child to feel successful and proud of individual steps and accomplishments.
Teachers encourage hands-on discovery and use field trips to promote genuine learning experiences.
Teachers encourage help in the classroom, with class projects, field trips, etc.
Teachers encourage kids to work to their potential.
Teachers encourage learners.
Teachers encourage parents to participate as classroom volunteers.
Teachers encourage parents to volunteer in the classroom.
Teachers encourage pro-social development.
Teachers encourage students during the school day to browse in the bookstore and buy books.
Teachers encourage students to aim for their personal best.
Teachers Encourage students to be on their best behavior.
Teachers encourage students to be self-reliant and planning and organisation are essential.
Teachers encourage students to engage with others' ideas.
Teachers encourage students to enter their projects in national and regional video competitions.
Teachers encourage students to help each other.
Teachers encourage students to look up and beyond.
Teachers encourage students to risk making mistakes.
Teachers encourage students to set a goal for the summer and continue to read each day.
Teachers encourage students.
Teachers encourage such closeness.
Teachers encourage the use of touch, smell, taste, and sound when learning about the real world.
Teachers encourage their students to ask probing questions and to seek out answers on their own.
Teachers encourage young children to talk about each item.
Teachers endeavor to have the snack coincide with the curriculum.
Teachers endure long hours, hard work, low pay, and everybody's children.
Teachers engage in a continuum of professional growth to improve their practice.
Teachers engage in actual laboratory activities appropriate for elementary science.
Teachers engage in collaborative activity to achieve the purpose.
Teachers engage in continuing training, and many parents volunteer at school.
Teachers engage in formative evaluation frequently during daily classroom activities.
Teachers engage in hands-on activity to design a Web page or create a collage or assemblage.
Teachers engage in individual or group instruction in which they acquire knowledge or skills.
Teachers engage in intensive staff development and shared planning time every day.
Teachers engage in observing children while children engage in observing scientific phenomena.
Teachers engage in ongoing inquiry, reflection, planning, and review.
Teachers engage in team teaching, and many hands-on projects and experiences.
Teachers engage students in a variety of activities which are intended to help students grow.
Teachers engage students in answering stance questions via oral and written comprehension exercises.
Teachers engage students in authentic, meaningful activities.
Teachers engage students in instruction through different learning modalities.
Teachers engage students in varied and innovative instructional techniques and strategies.
Teachers enhance the ability of their students to read simply by teaching content.
Teachers enjoy e-mail and listserv support.
Teachers enjoy free local phone calls utilities and laundry.
Teachers enjoy salaries significantly above the state norm.
Teachers enjoy small class sizes and strong interpersonal dynamics with students.
Teachers enjoy spending time in the company of children and young adults.
Teachers enjoy support on many different levels.
Teachers enjoy teaching.
Teachers enjoy the access to computers in the classroom and outside it.
Teachers enjoy tools that save time and give their students more opportunities to learn.
Teachers enjoy using the sound field system because it saves wear and tear on their voice.
Teachers enjoy workshops that are practical and pragmatic.
Teachers enroll in a graduate level course taught by a certified teacher leader.
Teachers enroll in a series of after-school seminars at the facilities.
Teachers enroll in each program through their local public television affiliate.
Teachers ensure work is planned to meet the needs of the different ability groups within each class.
Teachers enter data into a Newton as they observe students during class.
Teachers enter questions and answers designed at the level of their students.
Teachers enter the U.S. on a two-year cultural exchange visa.
Teachers err when they over-emphasize either the challenge or the support.
Teachers especially appreciate the opportunity.
Teachers establish a culture of communication.
Teachers establish challenging learning goals for all students based on student experience.
Teachers establish relevance of science outside school context.
Teachers estimate that it takes about three years for most students to grow fluent in English.
Teachers evaluate and adapt a pre-prepared lesson plan using an Internet site.
Teachers evaluate end products.
Teachers evaluate graduates higher than parents do in reading and math.
Teachers evaluate oral presentations of final projects.
Teachers evaluate student performance and determine the amount of progress.
Teachers evaluate student work against rigorous scoring rubrics.
Teachers evaluate the effectiveness of their lessons on a regular basis.
Teachers evaluate their children s work and family comments, and design new activities as needed.
Teachers even receive college credit for their participation.
Teachers everywhere agree that one of the greatest needs students have is for improved self-esteem.
Teachers everywhere are aware of the internet as a resource for teaching aids.
Teachers everywhere suffer from professional isolation.
Teachers everywhere work endlessly to help tomorrow's dreams become a reality.
Teachers examine a harvesting operation that uses the latest technology.
Teachers examine data, diagnose needs, and develop strategies to enhance student learning.
Teachers examine student data when establishing professional development needs.
Teachers examine the control room.
Teachers excel in the ability to differentiate instruction to best suit individual student needs.
Teachers exchange email with both students and parents.
Teachers exchange in their experience.
Teachers exchange self-introductions for redistribution to all students.
Teachers exchange the strategies they are using to produce high quality work.
Teachers exemplify the best scholarly standards of their disciplines.
Teachers exert tremendous influence on the performing lives of students.
Teachers exhibit a high degree of professionalism.
Teachers exhibit a positive attitude regarding student ability.
Teachers exhibit diverse styles and employ different methods to facilitate learning.
Teachers exhibit moral purpose, common sense and emotional intelligence.
Teachers exhibit varying styles and employ different methods to facilitate learning.
Teachers expand students' experiences with field trips, drama, and art.
Teachers expect a gift for putting up with our children.
Teachers expect all students to reach the standards.
Teachers expect all students to succeed and set high goals for themselves.
Teachers expect and welcome dialogue with parents.
Teachers expect certain behaviors and characteristics of children at certain ages.
Teachers expect children to be absent because of family trips.
Teachers expect students to communicate and collaborate.
Teachers expect students to do their very best.
Teachers expect students to send questions and receive replies by e-mail.
Teachers expect the same from everybody and show concern with problems.
Teachers expect to see all parents at conference time.
Teachers experience few problems with the vacation times.
Teachers experience new ways of thinking, learning and expressing one's knowledge.
Teachers experience problems with year- round schools as well.
Teachers experience science and math in the workplace.
Teachers experience the same difficulties.
Teachers experience, as well as read about and discuss, the landscape of Florida.
Teachers explain how they create curriculum connections and conduct action research.
Teachers explain ideas.
Teachers explain it.
Teachers explain the movies.
Teachers explain to students.
Teachers explore autobiography, multiple and personal voices, and narratives in context.
Teachers explore new methods of assessment.
Teachers exploring research based practice in the classroom are eager to get started.
Teachers express a degree of fit between the media program's goals and the school's philosophy.
Teachers express dissatisfaction with the current school-wide discipline plan.
Teachers express little concern over potential negative effects.
Teachers express positive opinions toward the program.
Teachers express pride in their students accomplishments.
Teachers express stress many ways in families.
Teachers extend students' thinking by probing beyond their initial observations.
Teachers face a difficult task when discussing topics that include environmental issues.
Teachers face a dilemma.
Teachers face a great responsibility in the education of students.
Teachers face difficulties when their students have difficulties with the subject.
Teachers face freeze on contracts.
Teachers face hearings conducted by the state licensing boards and local school board.
Teachers face many more behavior problems in classrooms today than in years past.
Teachers face many obstacles, from overwhelmingly large classes to violence in our schools.
Teachers face myriad professional development choices.
Teachers face new situations and challenges each day as they work with their students.
Teachers face several dilemmas.
Teachers face the comprehensive review every five years.
Teachers face the problem of finding the appropriate teaching methods and tools.
Teachers face three main obstacles to allowing creativity in their classrooms.
Teachers face two challenges.
Teachers facilitate and differentiate instruction to address the learning styles of all students.
Teachers facilitate equitable access to technology resources for all students.
Teachers facilitate learning for all students.
Teachers facilitate learning through actively engaging their students.
Teachers facilitate learning through meaningful activities.
Teachers facilitate small group and individual work, thus enabling students to be successful.
Teachers facilitate student learning.
Teachers facilitate student led conferences and portfolios are presented to parents.
Teachers facilitate the development of critical thinking and metacognition.
Teachers facilitate the discussion by using guiding questions to prompt the sharing of ideas.
Teachers facilitate the process and guide learners collaboratively.
Teachers facilitate the triathlon and engage students in metacognition.
Teachers facilitate the tutoring, guitar lessons, and most arts and crafts.
Teachers facilitate whole group and small group work providing feedback and coaching.
Teachers fail to apply the theory to practical everyday examples relevant to teenagers.
Teachers fail to recognize gender differences between the sexes.
Teachers fall into one of five groups, from apprentice to career level.
Teachers fall prey to the college idiot phenomenon as well.
Teachers fall short in the South.
Teachers favor males.
Teachers favor modernizing American education.
Teachers fear retaliation.
Teachers fear the loss of a child's love of learning and the loss of a teacher's love of teaching.
Teachers fear too.
Teachers feel . . .
Teachers feel a great satisfaction when they teach a lesson and they see the students learn it.
Teachers feel better about lessons prepared for people who actually show up.
Teachers feel better supported if their needs in their little circle are being met.
Teachers feel both helpless and frustrated.
Teachers feel certain emotion.
Teachers feel certain extreme emotion.
Teachers feel defeated, dejected, and discouraged.
Teachers feel emotion.
Teachers feel empowered to make important decisions.
Teachers feel empowered.
Teachers feel extreme emotion.
Teachers feel forced to make a more limited set of choices about what to teach and for how long.
Teachers feel free to copy and distribute to students.
Teachers feel free to copy any material to be distributed to students.
Teachers feel free to voice concerns about problems.
Teachers feel good about each other, their job, and their students.
Teachers feel great when remembered for their contributions in inspiring minds.
Teachers feel isolated from their students, their families and other teachers.
Teachers feel knowledge.
Teachers feel most comfortable with material with which they are most familiar.
Teachers feel overtaxed Berlin.
Teachers feel part of a team.
Teachers feel pressure to teach to achieve test results.
Teachers feel pressure to use the equipment but often become frustrated due to lack of training.
Teachers feel safe.
Teachers feel supported and free to innovate.
Teachers feel the themes are a great way to integrate the curriculum.
Teachers feel they are better teachers because they participate in the program.
Teachers feel under pressure to communicate all of it, and instead communicate their stress.
Teachers feel unknowledgeable and unprepared.
Teachers figure that it is the next guy s problem.
Teachers fill in grades, conduct scores and unexcused absences.
Teachers fill out an assignment form and send it to the library.
Teachers fill the role of parents during the school day and also have great influence over children.
Teachers fill the sensory table with potting soil and add the plastic worms, bugs, and rocks.
Teachers find a way to allow ALL students to participate.
Teachers find a way to engage the learner and encourage participation.
Teachers find an ever-changing assortment of visual materials to enliven their classroom walls.
Teachers find and build strengths in the students, which promote normal growth.
Teachers Find free resources, news, worksheets etc.
Teachers find it a great multi-disciplinary opportunity.
Teachers find it a highly useful resource.
Teachers find it difficult to work with children with invisible parents.
Teachers find it easily adaptable and non-threatening.
Teachers find it is helpful in recruiting students into their programs.
Teachers find jobs.
Teachers Find lesson plans and Internet sites or register for professional development courses.
Teachers find materials.
Teachers find MegaDots helpful in quickly getting braille to their blind students.
Teachers find more students, especially in densely populated areas.
Teachers find out about tours available.
Teachers find own housing.
Teachers find professional support and continued growth through required participation and study.
Teachers find resources.
Teachers find security in assigning grades from a compilation of homework, quizzes, and tests.
Teachers find solutions.
Teachers Find sources of information for selected science and social studies units.
Teachers find students with no particular faith foundation in their classrooms.
Teachers find taking data difficult because it gets in the way of teaching.
Teachers find that algebra is a great way to motivate high achieving students.
Teachers find that children using invented spelling write more richly.
Teachers find that kids who use cut and paste structure their work better and more logically.
Teachers find that microphones in the classroom can be good attention-getting devices.
Teachers find that students can grasp the concepts because of the simulations.
Teachers find that they look forward to their class.
Teachers find that videos are good educational tools for all grade levels.
Teachers find that weather is a good introduction to science in general.
Teachers find the Calendar activity particularly appropriate for primary students.
Teachers find the Calendar especially appropriate for primary students.
Teachers find the cultural material useful in class.
Teachers find the immediate access to their students helpful.
Teachers find the materials easy to use, and students enjoy the computer interaction.
Teachers find the print format quite handy and useful for inclusion in lesson plan books.
Teachers find the researchers lively, enquiring and adaptable.
Teachers find their hands tied, and parents find themselves frustrated.
Teachers find themselves moving from being a part of a project to running their own projects.
Teachers find they have more time, energy, and stress reduction in teaching good citizenship.
Teachers find too much of their time being spent on disciplining students instead of teaching.
Teachers find topics.
Teachers find ways to help the kids understand.
Teachers finish assignments for first semester.
Teachers finish assignments for the first semester.
Teachers firmly believe that education is a partnership between teachers, students and parents.
Teachers first meet with Japanese government officials and educators in Tokyo.
Teachers first register and then apply online.
Teachers flourish when they have the opportunity to learn as well as teach.
Teachers focus analyses.
Teachers focus inquiry predominantly on real phenomena . . .
Teachers focus on both the processes and products of learning.
Teachers focus on developing and improving the student's writing skills.
Teachers focus on helping students achieve higher-level understanding of math concepts.
Teachers focus on it throughout the year.
Teachers focus on skill development to foster reading.
Teachers focus on the children's academic strengths instead of their weaknesses.
Teachers focus strongly on reading in elementary schools.
Teachers follow a rubric scale that they share with the students.
Teachers follow the district lead.
Teachers follow the guidelines in their classrooms.
Teachers follow up on former students' progress.
Teachers follow up with structured debriefings.
Teachers follow up with students and parents on a regular basis.
Teachers follow-up the student workshop sessions with student writing exercises.
Teachers form a particularly important audience for our research.
Teachers form close bonds with each student on their team or hall.
Teachers form student teams by sorting student responses.
Teachers formulate a research question and carry out their inquiry over the course of a school year.
Teachers foster a cooperative learning environment and promote socialization.
Teachers foster collaborative relationships with colleagues.
Teachers function as facilitators of a diverse array of classroom practices.
Teachers function as surrogate parents .
Teachers function effectively in a complex, dynamic environment.
Teachers function more like coaches and guides rather than information disseminators or gatekeepers.
Teachers function too much in a vacuum.
Teachers function, in effect, as prison warders.
Teachers gain a variety of benefits from the contact with students.
Teachers gain an awareness of the place of physical education in the overall education of children.
Teachers gain an understanding of the political and social context of the institution of schooling.
Teachers gain confidence.
Teachers gain experience.
Teachers gain exposure to a variety of operating systems commonly found in schools.
Teachers gain job satisfaction.
Teachers gain knowledge in technology applications and hardware to empower students.
Teachers gain needed resources, develop long-lasting partnerships, and promote civic responsibility.
Teachers gain new knowledge, skills, and inspiration, which they then can use in the classroom.
Teachers gain new perspectives, expert assistance, and supplementary resources.
Teachers gain teach experience.
Teachers gain through the process of curriculum integration.
Teachers gain valuable insight.
Teachers gather ideas, do research, and duplicate audiovisual materials.
Teachers gather in one corner, civil servants in another.
Teachers gather many kinds of evidence.
Teachers generally are members of the congregation or of a sister congregation.
Teachers generally are their brother's keeper.
Teachers generally are very, very uncomfortable teaching any kind of values or morality.
Teachers generally assign a passage of Latin.
Teachers generally behave in a didactic manner, disseminating information to students.
Teachers generally behave in an interactive manner mediating the environment for students.
Teachers generally behave in an interactive manner, mediating the environment for students.
Teachers generally commit to one session per year.
Teachers generally find student led conferences very beneficial.
Teachers generally give students tips on how to study.
Teachers generally make a note on the board of a child's name if they have broken a rule.
Teachers generally report feeling pressure to cover the curriculum at nearly any cost.
Teachers generally schedule media center and lab time well inadvance.
Teachers generally spend about one hour in preparation at home each week.
Teachers generally stay in church member's homes and spend the weekend at the youth conference.
Teachers generally update daily.
Teachers generally value the student.
Teachers generally wait longer for boys than girls.
Teachers generally work inside in classrooms.
Teachers generate a request for the kits based on their district's curriculum design.
Teachers generate multiple paths to knowledge.
Teachers genuinely care about students, and same goes for students.
Teachers get a bowl of warm water.
Teachers get a chance to experience real machining as well.
Teachers get a couple of workshops at the beginning and a brief follow-up later in the year.
Teachers get a Free bookmark .
Teachers get a huge discount in the summer.
Teachers get additional professional development opportunities.
Teachers get adequate support from the administration.
Teachers get an insight into a student's thinking.
Teachers get bonuses for attending after-school and weekend training sessions, too.
Teachers get credit for it.
Teachers get enough shit as it is.
Teachers get feet wet.
Teachers get first preference for such jobs on a voluntary basis.
Teachers get guidance in using the Chicago River as part of their curricula.
Teachers get hands on training which complements the research of the scientist.
Teachers get immediate feedback, funders get detailed feedback.
Teachers get into the act by giving credit to anyone who participates and can show proof of voting.
Teachers get more informal input about their work than do many other professionals.
Teachers get no instruction in sleep and sleep disorders whatsoever.
Teachers Get Reports.
Teachers get signifcant direct support for including science instruction in the classroom.
Teachers get some ivory soap and soak it in water over night, then break it into halves.
Teachers Get Spiritually Tired.
Teachers get summers off.
Teachers get the chance to practice with their colleagues the language they teach.
Teachers get the ease and convenience of using the same program for both grades and attendance.
Teachers get the opportunity to collaborate and exchange lessons with other teachers.
Teachers get the rare opportunity to collaborate with each other.
Teachers get the support they deserve.
Teachers get their own personal web address to share with students, colleagues, and others.
Teachers get their students' attention and hold it very easily with magic.
Teachers get to choose their preferences, and it goes by seniority.
Teachers get to enjoy the benefits of being a part of a network.
Teachers get to know students on a more personal level.
Teachers get to know their students inside and out.
Teachers get to know their students much better.
Teachers get to learn with their students.
Teachers get to work with a dynamic new curriculum that helps all students achieve success.
Teachers get together outside of school for baseball games, dinners and other social events.
Teachers get together to cross-score student work four times a year.
Teachers get together, look at that child's work as a group and come up with the answer.
Teachers get treasures for just a short time with orders to make each young intellect shine.
Teachers give a brief overview of the core classes.
Teachers give a description of the problem and leave a number where they can be reached.
Teachers give advice to the fathers of the pupils.
Teachers give back to America by educating tomorrow s teachers, presidents, doctors, inventors, etc.
Teachers give each child a piece of sandpaper, a piece of wallpaper, and a crayon or marker.
Teachers give each child a set of stickers and a piece of construction paper.
Teachers give each child individual attention and a relaxed orientation to school.
Teachers give feedback.
Teachers give funds to battle measure.
Teachers give generously of their time and activities are very popular with pupils.
Teachers give gifts that no one else can.
Teachers give homework to reinforce and extend school learning.
Teachers give homework.
Teachers give instruction in several ways.
Teachers give instruction on an individual and small group basis.
Teachers give instruction.
Teachers give instructions only when all students are attending.
Teachers give mixed reviews to online research.
Teachers give no grades, but thorough evaluations are conducted.
Teachers give off many cues about what is valued.
Teachers give online support and evaluate work submitted electronically.
Teachers give students a list of projects.
Teachers give students assignments that involve communicating with their tele-mentors.
Teachers Give students equal opportunities to utilize technology in the classroom.
Teachers give students less attention online.
Teachers give students the grades they deserve.
Teachers give writing assignments to evaluate individual student learning and progress.
Teachers gives immediate feedback.
Teachers go around helping the students.
Teachers go by their first names and also serve as counselors.
Teachers go from being the authoritarian to being a friend.
Teachers go here.
Teachers go into each other's classrooms.
Teachers go into teaching because they want to make a difference in children's lives.
Teachers go into the profession to be successful with kids.
Teachers go on with their teacher things.
Teachers go out of their way to help a new teacher feel comfortable.
Teachers go out of their way to make every student feel a part of the school.
Teachers go over the days business.
Teachers go three months or more without a salary.
Teachers go to school.
Teachers go to Teacher central for lesson plans and ideas about nutrition and healthy eating.
Teachers Go to the teachers section to find out about individual classes.
Teachers go to work for less money than it takes to rent a tiny apartment in Silicon Valley.
Teachers grade in many different ways.
Teachers grade the exams on their own time and are paid for each exam scored.
Teachers gradually develop in their ability to use knowledge and skill in classroom contexts.
Teachers gradually increase the use of the target language as students become more proficient.
Teachers graduate courses in social studies curriculum design and multi-cultural education.
Teachers graduating from our program are leaders in their classrooms, schools, and communities.
Teachers greet each family at their car and escort the children into the school.
Teachers greet students with smiles and hugs.
Teachers grow professionally by attending on-going staff development.
Teachers guide a child s development by directing energy and spontaneous interests.
Teachers guide available.
Teachers guide for junior secondary social studies in Botswana.
Teachers guide parents to apply classroom and therapy techniques in activities at home.
Teachers guide students in understanding the importance of local wetlands.
Teachers guide student's learning by means of a flexible three phase planning framework.
Teachers guide students on expeditions of learning.
Teachers guide students to assume the role of historical detective and travel back in time.
Teachers guide students to information, evidence, and experience outside the classroom.
Teachers guide the discussion with pre-posted questions.
Teachers guide the exploration.
Teachers guide their students in the discovery and love of words.
Teachers guide to civics.
Teachers guide to the Alaska Wildlife Notebook Series .
Teachers guide, facilitate and coach students to become problem solvers and lifelong learners.
Teachers guide, model and encourage.
Teachers hail from all parts of the country.
Teachers hand out free books and literacy advice at school events.
Teachers hand out papers, notices.
Teachers has a large feature on bees.
Teachers hate cockroaches.
Teachers hate to be corrected.
Teachers have (part) adult bodies.
Teachers have (part) arms.
Teachers have (part) body substances.
Teachers have (part) cell membranes.
Teachers have (part) cells.
Teachers have (part) corpi.
Teachers have (part) cytoplasm.
Teachers have (part) heads.
Teachers have (part) legs.
Teachers have (part) necks.
Teachers have (part) nuclei.
Teachers have (part) personality.
Teachers have (part) plasma membranes.
Teachers have (part) sections.
Teachers have (part) vacuoles.
Teachers have a better network among their colleagues and within the community.
Teachers have a better sense of professional competence as a result of mastering the computer.
Teachers have a broad knowledge of content.
Teachers have a captive audience that is young and formative.
Teachers have a choice of check-out procedures for their classes.
Teachers have a classroom workstation and participate in ongoing learning activities in technology.
Teachers have a complete electronic record of every interaction with the student.
Teachers have a credential that proves they are highly invested in their subject matter.
Teachers have a crucial role to play here.
Teachers have a daily task to be creative, energetic, articulate, and motivating.
Teachers have a dedicated area in which to prepare classes.
Teachers have a dialogue with students, helping students construct their own knowledge.
Teachers have a different avenue for teaching children who require special teaching methods.
Teachers have a five-foot high pile of standards and are overwhelmed.
Teachers have a flexible grouping model with a weekly lesson plan.
Teachers have a future, too.
Teachers have a good deal of ambivalence about media culture.
Teachers have a good deal of ambivalence about television.
Teachers have a good sense of their professional needs and the concerns of their students parents.
Teachers have a gre at diversity of guest speakers.
Teachers have a great deal of freedom to design their own classroom curricula.
Teachers have a great deal of power over children in terms of rewards and privileges.
Teachers have a great deal of power to affect people's lives.
Teachers have a great influence on students and can make a difference.
Teachers have a hard enough time determining language competence in their students.
Teachers have a hard enough time exposing students to fundamental education.
Teachers have a hard time telling children, their parents are wrong, or the behavior is wrong.
Teachers have a high degree of concern for the growth of each student.
Teachers have a high sense of self-efficacy.
Teachers have a huge responsibility on their shoulders, and a job that s very important.
Teachers have a large stake in the consequences of the decision making process.
Teachers have a lasting effect on the life of a child which is an awesome responsibility.
Teachers have a limited number of late afternoon and evening times available.
Teachers have a long-lasting affect on the lives of young people.
Teachers have a lot of additional work.
Teachers have a lot of patience.
Teachers have a lot of problems dealing with diversity so they categorize teenagers.
Teachers have a lot of weight on their shoulders.
Teachers have a major responsibility in instructing each individual student.
Teachers have a minimum of a bachelor's degree with an emphasis on early childhood education.
Teachers have a moral obligation to practice integrity and trustworthiness.
Teachers have a much greater role to play.
Teachers have a new resource.
Teachers have a particular stake in the fledgling governor's ledger.
Teachers have a personal commitment to guide with love, understanding, patience and competence.
Teachers have a process for requesting technology for their classroom.
Teachers have a professional responsibility to eliminate racism in all aspects of school life.
Teachers have a profound influence on their students for good or for ill.
Teachers have a program to further provide students with a well-rounded education.
Teachers have a real interest in students' lives.
Teachers have a responsibility for all of the children during school hours.
Teachers have a responsibility for the enculturation of their students into an American democracy.
Teachers have a responsibility to engage every student in learning.
Teachers have a responsibility to help create opportunities for a successful inheritance.
Teachers have a responsibility to identify the gifted and talented students in their classes.
Teachers have a responsibility to meet with parents to discuss student problems and progress.
Teachers have a responsibility to taxpayers and parents.
Teachers have a right to teach without disruption.
Teachers have a role in hiring.
Teachers have a sense that the system works.
Teachers have a significant impact on a child s whole life.
Teachers have a small number of obstacles when confronted with technology.
Teachers have a special status.
Teachers have a strong desire to have their students succeed.
Teachers have a strong role in the education process.
Teachers have a tendency to work in isolation in their classrooms.
Teachers have a tough job today.
Teachers have a variety of policies on grading portfolios.
Teachers have a variety of reasons for scheduling certain blocks when they do.
Teachers have a very difficult job when it comes to providing an equal education for all students.
Teachers have a very difficult role to play.
Teachers have a very important piece of artwork, a classroom full of students.
Teachers have a very significant, lifelong impact on all of their students.
Teachers have a very special responsibility to society as a whole.
Teachers have a vital and immensely challenging job.
Teachers have a way of getting things done without anyone ever knowing.
Teachers have a wide range of nationalities and educational background.
Teachers have ability to collaborate with teachers around the world.
Teachers have about five months to compile portfolios.
Teachers have access to a broader range of resources than students.
Teachers have access to a district wide e-mail system and the Internet.
Teachers have access to a link for educators.
Teachers have access to a small selection of lesson plans.
Teachers have access to a wide range of resources and supplementary material.
Teachers have access to all provincially licensed educational software.
Teachers have access to career-related videos, books and speakers.
Teachers have access to career-related videos, books, field trips, and speakers.
Teachers have access to classroom activities and ideas along with practical lessons.
Teachers have access to computers in their classrooms.
Teachers have access to field scientists, zoo curators, zoo vets, as well as modern equipment.
Teachers have access to information on every topic.
Teachers have access to many innovative teaching aids.
Teachers have access to many networked software programs.
Teachers have access to materials to help augment any subject or concept they want to teach.
Teachers have access to more and more of the best materials and resources.
Teachers have access to new technology in increasing numbers.
Teachers have access to ongoing mentoring and other informal professional development .
Teachers have access to on-line standards, activities, content, assessment, and management tools.
Teachers have access to passwords.
Teachers have access to professional development resources they can use at their convenience.
Teachers have access to safety lesson plans for the classroom.
Teachers have access to student files for instructional or evaluative purpose.
Teachers have access to student files for instructional or evaluative purposes.
Teachers have access to the modules for two years.
Teachers have additional activities or alternative activities that they can choose from.
Teachers have additional books in their classrooms.
Teachers have additional support for their students outside the classroom.
Teachers have all the duties, rights, and powers of the office of deacon plus additional ones.
Teachers have all their classroom resources on-hand.
Teachers have all too often become PC troubleshooters.
Teachers have an amazing amount of responsibility.
Teachers have an amazing impact on the lives of students.
Teachers have an average of sixteen years of experience and more than half hold graduate degrees.
Teachers have an enormous impact on the lives of gifted students.
Teachers have an important part in preparing children for success after graduation from high school.
Teachers have an important role to play in maximizing the potential benefits of the age mixture.
Teachers have an important role to play.
Teachers have an incredible amount of time to influence the life of a young person.
Teachers have an incredibly important job to do.
Teachers have an opportunity to acknowledge and honor what students know.
Teachers have an opportunity to find out what students know in an informal setting.
Teachers have an opportunity to network with each other.
Teachers have an opportunity to raise students' math skills to new levels.
Teachers have an opportunity to self-evaluate.
Teachers have an opportunity to try new avenues with technology to improve student learning.
Teachers have an understanding of how students develop and learn.
Teachers have an understanding of how students learn and develop.
Teachers have as much of an impact on our state's future as any other profession.
Teachers have as much potential to do harm in the life of a child as they have to do good.
Teachers have as much power to excite a student's enthusiasm as to dampen it.
Teachers have authoritative privileges over the students.
Teachers have autonomy in how to present lessons, and students have choices in projects.
Teachers have awesome responsibilities and insight into children's lives during school hours.
Teachers have backgrounds, interests, talents, hobbies, etc.
Teachers have better access to each other's rooms.
Teachers have bigger windows for more brightly, more naturally lit rooms.
Teachers have breaks.
Teachers have busy schedules.
Teachers have cafeteria and hall duty .
Teachers have choices about how to interact.
Teachers have choices in how they teach skills and knowledge to meet each learner's needs.
Teachers have class.
Teachers have clear ideas as to the desired outcome and patiently guide the pupils to that end.
Teachers have common planning time so instruction is integrated across skill and subject areas.
Teachers have common planning time to prepare lessons and discuss the students.
Teachers have considerable authority over the instructional program within their clusters.
Teachers have control of the great powerful grade book.
Teachers have control over cirriculums, the mentoring of new teachers, and their contracts.
Teachers have control over students' computers, facilitating instruction and testing.
Teachers have daily common planning time for team meetings.
Teachers have degrees in early childhood development and related fields.
Teachers have degrees.
Teachers have detailed knowledge of the subject matter they teach.
Teachers have different ways of seeking to help students feel comfortable in the classroom.
Teachers have differing levels of expertise and experience of teaching.
Teachers have difficulty attending evening meetings.
Teachers have difficulty designing assessments that tap student understanding.
Teachers have difficulty finding time to add tobacco to the curriculum.
Teachers have dreams, professionally and for their classrooms.
Teachers have education and work experience specific to the courses they teach.
Teachers have e-mail and most are connected to the Internet.
Teachers have e-mail.
Teachers have enough on their minds without battling fatigue and the behavior it brings.
Teachers have enough to do without doing or being asked to do more.
Teachers have enough trouble getting through the material they have already.
Teachers have enough understanding of the Internet to assist the students in using the program.
Teachers have excellent aim with small objects.
Teachers have excessive workloads .
Teachers have expectations about their learning and attention to print.
Teachers have experience.
Teachers have expertise in the areas they're teaching.
Teachers have families, mortgages and other obligations which make such uncertainty tortuous.
Teachers have families, too.
Teachers have feelings, too.
Teachers have fewer lesson plans to prepare and more time to grade assignments.
Teachers have final authority on admission and credit for their courses.
Teachers have final say in placing students in a class appropriate for thier level and age.
Teachers have five classes each day plus one prep period to plan for their five classes.
Teachers have flexibility in determining their instructional day.
Teachers have flexibility in their lesson plans.
Teachers have flexibility in their schedule.
Teachers have formal training in educational methods.
Teachers have free access to e-mail and the Internet from the staff room.
Teachers have freedom and flexibility to create and implement curricula.
Teachers have fun deciphering the symbols used to illustrate the concepts.
Teachers have good days and bad days, great jokes and lame jokes.
Teachers have good ways of discipline here, too.
Teachers have great autonomy within their own student groups.
Teachers have great imaginations and can find uses for all sorts of items.
Teachers have great power over the students in their classrooms.
Teachers have greater academic freedom and are enthused by the subject matter and the children.
Teachers have greater freedom to shape their own professional development.
Teachers have high expectations and work hard to provide opportunities for student success.
Teachers have high expectations for all student to achieve their goals successfully.
Teachers Have high expectations for all students.
Teachers have high expectations for student achievement and appropriate behavior.
Teachers have high standards when teaching students first aid and safety issues in their programs.
Teachers have homework every night just like their pupils.
Teachers have immediate grave survival needs to meet.
Teachers have immense power over children's lives.
Teachers have instructional technology academy courses available.
Teachers have insufficient preparation in teaching civic education.
Teachers have jobs.
Teachers have just as many papers, projects, and exams to grade.
Teachers have kids with different reading levels, behaviors, etc.
Teachers have knowledge of and insight into the learning needs of young people.
Teachers have knowledge.
Teachers have less and less contact with individual students.
Teachers have less time to get their job done.
Teachers have less time to teach, while students receive less personal attention and instruction.
Teachers have lesson plans centered around a different theme each week.
Teachers have lesson plans, a guide and a library for resources.
Teachers have limited time and resources for developing new lessons plans.
Teachers have literacy levels comparable to other college graduates .
Teachers have little confidence in their ability to adequately conduct classroom based inquiry.
Teachers have little formal training before entering the classroom.
Teachers have little impact on learning.
Teachers have little protection and even less power.
Teachers have little time during the class day to find time to use scarce computers hooked up.
Teachers have little time to practice and have little access to ongoing support.
Teachers have little to prepare, and the worksheets are all photocopiable.
Teachers have lives too.
Teachers have lives.
Teachers have many opportunities to influence the practices in schools and throughout the district.
Teachers have many opportunities to integrate curriculum.
Teachers have many opportunities to use the site in their classroom.
Teachers have many options.
Teachers have many things on their minds.
Teachers have many tools at their disposal to enhance and encourage education.
Teachers have many ways to hone their professional skills.
Teachers have many years of experience with foreign students.
Teachers have masters degrees, with the exception of four teachers.
Teachers have more contact time with each child and can plan instruction to meet individual needs.
Teachers have more details now about what exactly is required.
Teachers have more influence on students lives today.
Teachers have more information at their fingertips.
Teachers have more opportunities to learn new mathematical content.
Teachers have more ownership and are more likely to use the results.
Teachers have more specific information about their students' progress to share with families.
Teachers have more time for individual contact with students.
Teachers have more time to fully develop concepts and imprint that knowledge on the students.
Teachers have more time to learn about individual students.
Teachers have more time to monitor a child's progress.
Teachers have more time to teach.
Teachers have more training and more choices, but the curriculum is coordinated nationwide.
Teachers have much influence on what students learn and experience during their early years.
Teachers have neither the preparation nor the time to work closely with parents.
Teachers have new access to health programs and continue to adopt healthy behaviors.
Teachers have no cause for celebration.
Teachers have no choice.
Teachers have no control of what goes on outside of the classroom.
Teachers have no control over who their students select as friends or role models.
Teachers have no democratic rights throughout the process.
Teachers have no due date on their borrowed materials.
Teachers have no duty to teach using a particular style, only to teach successfully.
Teachers have no opportunity for flexibility, spontaneity or creativity.
Teachers have no recourse.
Teachers have no salaries.
Teachers have no time in their daily work schedules for professional development.
Teachers have nothing to apologise for in looking for early retirement.
Teachers have nothing to hide as a profession.
Teachers have numerous obligations beyond the classroom interaction and instruction of students.
Teachers have offices in their classrooms.
Teachers have one classroom conputer basiclly for their use.
Teachers have one more tool to help their students to learn the joy that reading can bring.
Teachers have one of the most important and one of the toughest jobs imaginable.
Teachers have one of the toughest jobs.
Teachers have ongoing professional development built into the school year.
Teachers have only one preparation and repeat it until all the groups have participated.
Teachers have only so many pencils to hold, tissues to cover and notes to write.
Teachers have only the response activity to prepare each week.
Teachers have opportunities to attend conferences sponsored by professional organizations.
Teachers have opportunities to improve their science teaching skills.
Teachers have options, though.
Teachers have options.
Teachers have particular topics.
Teachers have permission to copy for classroom use.
Teachers have permission to make copies of all activities for classroom use.
Teachers have permission to reproduce for classroom use.
Teachers have permission to reproduce pages for classroom use.
Teachers have power and responsibility because they are in control of an entire group of children.
Teachers have power.
Teachers have primary responsibility for educational programs.
Teachers have put in their requests for software, the list is extensive.
Teachers have qualms about standardized tests.
Teachers have ready access to telephones to communicate with parents during or after the school day.
Teachers have reasons for what they teach in their classes.
Teachers have regular opportunities to plan and work together.
Teachers have relevant context for their teaching based on first-hand experience.
Teachers have responsibilities make Christian education highly regarded.
Teachers have rules.
Teachers have several levels of lighting to choose from in classrooms, depending on the activity.
Teachers have several sources of information in the students' cumulative files.
Teachers have similar rights.
Teachers have skills that they want to impose on others.
Teachers have so little time to plan and they are exhausted when they go home for the day.
Teachers have so many students to worry about.
Teachers have so many wonderful ideas.
Teachers have so much to offer research.
Teachers have some latitude in how they deal with the curriculum.
Teachers have special education qualifications.
Teachers have special knowledge about the curriculum and how to work with students.
Teachers have special training in working with children with cochlear implants.
Teachers have specialized training and certification in the appropriate disability area.
Teachers have specific instructional strategies.
Teachers have strength.
Teachers have strong and current technology skills.
Teachers have strong backgrounds in academic disciplines.
Teachers have strong values about doing work that makes a difference.
Teachers have students use reading strategies.
Teachers have students.
Teachers have such a vital role in today's society.
Teachers have such an influence and impact on children's lives.
Teachers have such little time for professional development.
Teachers have summers and weekends off, they get to work with little kids, and maybe coach a sport.
Teachers have the ability to 'block' a student from coming into the game area if they so desire.
Teachers have the chance to be able to teach at more than one place simultaneously.
Teachers have the chance to create a more experience oriented education program.
Teachers have the difficult task in explaining the issue to children.
Teachers have the equivalent of one preparation period per day.
Teachers have the freedom to schedule whole classes or send small groups to the media center.
Teachers have the greatest impact on a child s social development.
Teachers have the highest authority.
Teachers have the hill of relationship.
Teachers have the mandate of training the young.
Teachers have the most complicated and dynamic schedules.
Teachers have the necessary supplies to teach the kids.
Teachers have the needed functionality and the students work is protected.
Teachers have the opportunity for teacher training through online courses.
Teachers have the opportunity to come together and share on many levels.
Teachers have the opportunity to do that every day.
Teachers have the opportunity to explore various topics in depth and share classroom activities.
Teachers have the opportunity to go online and talk with students and each other.
Teachers have the opportunity to guide children as they learn about the world and themselves.
Teachers have the opportunity to help shape the future like no other occupation.
Teachers have the opportunity to inspire and influence students in powerful ways.
Teachers have the opportunity to provide suggestions for improving the wetland component activities.
Teachers have the opportunity to see a change occur within a student right before their eyes.
Teachers have the opportunity to see that their students actually demonstrate what they've learned.
Teachers have the opportunity to work in a supportive collegial environment.
Teachers have the opportunity to work with students individually and in small groups.
Teachers have the option of assigning an after school detention.
Teachers have the option of assigning the entire test or selecting specific skills to be tested.
Teachers have the option of developing their own appropriate means to assess student progress.
Teachers have the option of earning two science education graduate credits.
Teachers have the option of pairing students to work together.
Teachers have the option of using the full plan system or just the communications aspects.
Teachers have the option to amend a contract for a tax-deferred annuity once each calendar year.
Teachers have the option to plan and collaborate lessons and activities and share ideas.
Teachers have the option to report for fourth inclement weather day or make up time on their own.
Teachers have the option to set quiet or auditory scan modes and change the scan speed.
Teachers have the potential to access all kinds of information on the web.
Teachers have the potential to influence the life of every child with whom they come in contact.
Teachers have the power to change students' lives and their way of thinking.
Teachers have the power to change students' lives in a very positive way.
Teachers have the power to enrich young minds to make a difference.
Teachers have the power to make a difference in the lives of children.
Teachers have the power to make someone love a subject or hate it.
Teachers have the power to make that choice.
Teachers have the primary influence determining what is going to be taught.
Teachers have the primary responsibility for the selection of supplemental textbooks.
Teachers have the responsibility to inspire.
Teachers have the responsibility to teach young people how to be productive students and citizens.
Teachers have the right to adjust policies during the course of a semester.
Teachers have the right to be respected by students and colleagues.
Teachers have the right to be wary of the scientist who prescribes a ready answer.
Teachers have the right to full collective bargaining including the right to strike.
Teachers have the right to reduce or deny credit for work missed.
Teachers have the right to refuse any student's request to be an assistant.
Teachers have the right to set the attendance policies for their courses.
Teachers have the right to set the attendance policy of their courses.
Teachers have the right to teach and students have the right to learn without interference.
Teachers have the right to teach and students have the right to learn.
Teachers have the right to teach in a safe environment.
Teachers have the right to teach in an environment free from distractions.
Teachers have the same responsibilities outside the classroom as anyone else.
Teachers have the support of college faculty, and other schoolteachers while actually teaching.
Teachers have their bad days.
Teachers have their own complaints about the school bureaucracy.
Teachers have their own networks.
Teachers have their own set of principles and beliefs, which change from person to person.
Teachers have their pick of the complete Archives collection.
Teachers have three classes of instruction and one planning period every day.
Teachers have time during the workday to do class preparation and grading.
Teachers have time to provide more specialized instruction for each student.
Teachers have time to review, revive, and rejuvenate.
Teachers have time to stop at each desk and monitor how a child is doing.
Teachers have to be able to adapt to their students.
Teachers have to be able to enforce discipline in the classrooms.
Teachers have to be able to help children who have all kinds of problems.
Teachers have to be able to understand their students' needs and problems.
Teachers have to be aware that talking into surfaces that reflect sound can add to the confusion.
Teachers have to be devoted to their work and understand the methods of teaching.
Teachers have to be flexible to move to where the needs are.
Teachers have to be good at at least one of their subjects.
Teachers have to be good at cursive and printing.
Teachers have to be hired, assigned and transferred.
Teachers have to be just plain decent.
Teachers have to be more conscious of their actions.
Teachers have to be part of the educational process.
Teachers have to be persuasive yet strict.
Teachers have to be prepared to teach.
Teachers have to be ready for anything and open to everything.
Teachers have to be respectful toward students, and leave sarcasm out.
Teachers have to be told about any changes or plans made to the school year.
Teachers have to be trained and redesign the curriculum.
Teachers have to be valued too.
Teachers have to be willing to teach five, six or seven classes a day.
Teachers have to become detectives and understand the content in any lesson.
Teachers have to become leaders within their communities and policy makers within their states.
Teachers have to change their methods of teaching.
Teachers have to correct their students' mistakes without seeming to be hypercritical.
Teachers have to develop an ear for hearing and appreciating it.
Teachers have to encourage a sense of joy and freedom in their students' playing.
Teachers have to enforce that, make sure they get the work done.
Teachers have to examine their own values and respond as equal participants in the discussion.
Teachers have to follow the curriculum and provide, make, or choose materials.
Teachers have to follow what the community wants and yet stand by government rules.
Teachers have to gel.
Teachers have to get up early in the morning.
Teachers have to give correct information in cooperation with medical experts, and psychologists.
Teachers have to give up their valuable class time.
Teachers have to go to school, graduate and be a good teacher.
Teachers have to guard against negative first reactions.
Teachers have to have big hearts and be willing to put up with other people's children.
Teachers have to have time to plan and talk.
Teachers have to help students develop skills to be good investigators.
Teachers have to identify their role and their responsibility.
Teachers have to investigate just which aspects of student learning to document.
Teachers have to justify why they are using specific methodologies.
Teachers have to know a real revolution in educational technology is happening.
Teachers have to know how to do it and make it fun.
Teachers have to know how to use it before they teach it.
Teachers have to know that they're going to have more in their paychecks next year.
Teachers have to know what they are teaching and how to teach the subject matter.
Teachers have to learn and prepare lessons before they teach.
Teachers have to learn how to ask different questions.
Teachers have to live with the consequences in their work everyday.
Teachers have to make great efforts to keep up with technological progress.
Teachers have to make lesson plans.
Teachers have to make sure they communicate a value of respect among all the kids.
Teachers have to model that love of learning.
Teachers have to organize their thinking, their materials, their presentation, and their timing.
Teachers have to pay for the credit.
Teachers have to pay for their own transportation to Ecuador.
Teachers have to pitch in.
Teachers have to plan lessons to accommodate a range of learning styles and intellectual abilities.
Teachers have to raise the tone of academic life.
Teachers have to realize that their actions are very important to a child.
Teachers have to see their classrooms carry it on.
Teachers have to show evidence of good teaching practice by preparing a portfolio.
Teachers have to sign up for time.
Teachers have to spend own money for books.
Teachers have to strategically plan and stimulate so they can be effective.
Teachers have to teach all age groups and levels.
Teachers have to try to develop self-confidence with their students.
Teachers have to understand and appreciate that children have different abilities and talents.
Teachers have to understand languages.
Teachers have to understand that their role is going to be different.
Teachers have to use a variety of tasks and products.
Teachers have to walk a fine line and avoid teaching morality.
Teachers have to waste valuable time making sure that everybody is beginning at the same place.
Teachers have to work hard to develop a sense of community in their online groups.
Teachers have to work very hard indeed to bring students into a dialog.
Teachers have too many students, particularly special needs students, and too few resources.
Teachers have too much to do as it is.
Teachers have topics.
Teachers have two comprehensive reports on children each year.
Teachers have two locations to choose from . . . .
Teachers have two planning hours a day.
Teachers have up to one year to complete all course requirements.
Teachers have very fragile egos.
Teachers have very little voice in choosing the curriculum and materials used.
Teachers have voice-mail service.
Teachers have weak verbal and quantitative skills as measured by various tests.
Teachers have websites they can create, idea sharing, lesson plans, and lots of info.
Teachers have widely differing backgrounds and, like their students, have different learning styles.
Teachers hear positive feedback from Morris directly, too.
Teachers hear presentations by professionals from research, academia, and state regulatory agencies.
Teachers help a lot.
Teachers Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Teachers help change the world.
Teachers help children form ideas and be creative.
Teachers help children grow socially, emotionally, and intellectually.
Teachers help children learn to use connections between letters and sounds.
Teachers help children play cooperatively.
Teachers help children pursue their own interests.
Teachers help children to consider how Bible truths apply to real life.
Teachers help children to construct their mathematics understanding from everyday experiences.
Teachers help children understand their own and other's behavior.
Teachers help children use language rather than aggression to solve conflicts.
Teachers help children verbalize their feelings and communicate with adults and one another.
Teachers help children.
Teachers help design the training program for tutors.
Teachers help development.
Teachers help direct the course of the future.
Teachers help faculty supervise students placed in the rooms for affiliation and for practicum.
Teachers help ideas.
Teachers help identify kids with attention problems.
Teachers help mold children into successful, productive members of the community.
Teachers help most, but aides and volunteers also help.
Teachers help out and grandparents attend.
Teachers help parents and congregations in the formation of a child.
Teachers help parents develop a course of study for their children and supply resource materials.
Teachers help parents expand on classroom concepts at home with hands-on learning activities.
Teachers help people.
Teachers help plan the forum in the summer months.
Teachers help plan the professional development experience.
Teachers help realize the potential that technological tools invite.
Teachers help schedule the conference times and are present to greet parents.
Teachers help shape the future and their effect is everlasting.
Teachers help small groups of children wash and dry the rocks.
Teachers help students develop organization, clarity, fluency, and accuracy in their written work.
Teachers help students develop skills from a socio-contextual vantage point.
Teachers help students develop skills of teamwork, leadership, and cooperation in their classrooms.
Teachers help students expect success when they give tasks at which students can succeed.
Teachers help students get ready to learn.
Teachers help students in so many different ways.
Teachers help students increase writing skills and vocabulary.
Teachers help students learn how to problem-solve so that they can make better decisions.
Teachers help students learn to take accurate measurements of their environment.
Teachers help students learning.
Teachers help students master the content information in each subject area.
Teachers help students prepare questionnaire for their partners.
Teachers help students see how vocational studies connect to academic subjects.
Teachers help students see overlapping concepts and emergent patterns between disciplines.
Teachers help students set individual, classroom, or school-wide goals for the grading period.
Teachers help students to be friendly and kind to each other.
Teachers help students to follow their interests and be self-motivated.
Teachers help students to monitor, evaluate and guide their own thinking.
Teachers help students to understand how knowledge is constructed.
Teachers help students.
Teachers help their students to become accustomed to playing in public in different ways.
Teachers help to provide stability for the child in the school setting.
Teachers help with the story search and rehearsals.
Teachers help, churches help and coaches help.
Teachers helping parents teach.
Teachers helping teachers teach science.
Teachers helping teachers use technology in the classroom.
Teachers here are awesome and fun.
Teachers here are good teachers.
Teachers here are so amazing.
Teachers here care about students and about legal education.
Teachers here go the extra mile.
Teachers here have much more flexibility.
Teachers here speak to the parents constantly.
Teachers here take a great personal interest in students.
Teachers here tend to be exhausted by the end of the day.
Teachers here use content and good questions to allow students to piece together information.
Teachers here use the programming in different ways.
Teachers here wear jeans, they are casual.
Teachers here work with each student as an individual.
Teachers highlight the basic skills of math, science, and communication when appropriate in content.
Teachers hold a tremendous responsibility in their hands on a daily basis.
Teachers hold a university degree.
Teachers hold a valid certificate for the respective field in which they are teaching.
Teachers hold degrees in psychology, social work, medicine, physics and education.
Teachers hold degrees in teacher training and German from German universities.
Teachers hold degrees.
Teachers hold high expectations and standards for all students.
Teachers hold high expectations of their students.
Teachers hold in their hands the malleable minds of the nation s children.
Teachers hold parent conferences off campus in places closer to students' homes.
Teachers hold the future in their hands.
Teachers hold the key to change.
Teachers hold the key to successful reform and an enjoyable educational experience for students.
Teachers hold the key to the future in their hand, the students.
Teachers hold the key to the hopes, the dreams and the future of the youth of Honduras.
Teachers hold the key to the infinite world of choices and discoveries.
Teachers hold the key.
Teachers hold the tapestry of civilization together.
Teachers hold workshops throughout the year, and visiting artists present master classes.
Teachers hope for improvements in education and welcome the mayor and a small group of advisers.
Teachers hope students have mastered specific, measurable skills through much practice.
Teachers identify a number of barriers to implementing practices.
Teachers identify and explain the specific resolution methods employed by the figures.
Teachers identify and record student mastery of basic skills.
Teachers identify and use technology resources that affirm diversity.
Teachers identify more easily with another teacher than with a college professor.
Teachers identify similar opportunities for our students each year.
Teachers identify students' strengths and weaknesses and map their individual learning styles.
Teachers identify students.
Teachers illuminate a subject but provide only partial glimpses of themselves.
Teachers impact more by their character and commitment than by their communication.
Teachers impact the future and shape the lives of our youth.
Teachers impart high expectations and provide strong support.
Teachers impart knowledge and facts.
Teachers implement a balanced literacy instructional approach.
Teachers implement a wide range of strategies to accommodate all learning styles.
Teachers implement databases to keep track of students' records and information.
Teachers implement plans, methods and strategies for using technology to maximize student learning.
Teachers implement targeted homework when they employ the following strategies.
Teachers impose their own culture by the manner in which they teach mathematics.
Teachers improve instruction through the use of technology and other resources.
Teachers improve their interpersonal skills with students.
Teachers improve their own teaching by reflecting on and analyzing previous lessons.
Teachers incorporate applied learning techniques within reading, writing, and math classes.
Teachers incorporate computing into all curriculum areas.
Teachers incorporate fun in their teaching while letting fun trickle into opportunities of learning.
Teachers incorporate health information into the science curriculum.
Teachers incorporate information from the diagnoser to guide how they teach.
Teachers incorporate our themes in some of their daily lessons as well.
Teachers incorporate research-based practices into their curriculum.
Teachers incorporate 'Success in Reading and Writing' and novel unit studies.
Teachers incorporate suggestions from the teaching tips into their instruction.
Teachers incorporate the dental programs into their curricula on a weekly basis.
Teachers incorporate their field trip into local history courses they teach.
Teachers increase awareness of adolescent social systems.
Teachers increase knowledge through experiences with industry.
Teachers increase the number of tasks assigned to each student.
Teachers increasingly describe children as challenging, so too are families and communities.
Teachers increasingly function as social workers and are often no more than disciplinarians.
Teachers influence children in unimaginable ways.
Teachers influence the destiny of children.
Teachers influence the lives of their students both inside and outside the classroom.
Teachers influence their students a lot.
Teachers inform students.
Teachers initiate and play major roles in the design and implementation of peer review systems.
Teachers initiate discussions of current social issues and problems.
Teachers initiate more low level and high level interactions.
Teachers inspire our fomer students.
Teachers inspire our former students.
Teachers inspire students in many ways.
Teachers install the paws on the floor.
Teachers instill a love of learning and self-confidence based on achievement.
Teachers instinctively know that genuine school reform comes from within.
Teachers institute a thinking curriculum that integrates content and process.
Teachers instruct gay people.
Teachers instruct pre-kindergarten through fifth grade.
Teachers instruct students.
Teachers instruct their students in keyboarding.
Teachers instruct thoroughly so that students can get their work done.
Teachers instruct using many different strategies.
Teachers integrate art into various subject areas.
Teachers integrate biblical principles in their subject areas well as teach a Bible class each week.
Teachers integrate computers and technology into the instructional program.
Teachers integrate learning across disciplines as much as possible.
Teachers integrate technology across the curriculum.
Teachers integrate technology and diversity into the curriculum on a daily basis.
Teachers integrate technology into existing classroom activities and emphasize productivity.
Teachers integrate technology with core subject areas.
Teachers integrate themes into classroom activities.
Teachers interact with students according to their personality traits.
Teachers interact with students and colleagues daily.
Teachers interact with students individually as well as in groups.
Teachers interact with their colleagues only for a few moments each day.
Teachers intervene in an effort to support student's growth and development of self control.
Teachers intervene when a few attempt to taste the crayons.
Teachers intervene when necessary and handle any problems for the younger children.
Teachers introduce ideas.
Teachers introduce pupils.
Teachers introduce students to the many functions of writing in adult life .
Teachers introduce topics, questions, or assignments.
Teachers invariably find that observing living nature is of great interest to most students.
Teachers invest in the future daily.
Teachers invest significant amounts of time in creating instructional materials for their classes.
Teachers investigate their work .
Teachers invite curiosity and encourage participation.
Teachers invite it into their class- room only when they are ready to experiment with multimedia.
Teachers involve in activities.
Teachers involved in the IMP cover the spectrum.
Teachers involved in the initial training course participate in coaching and analysis of teaching.
Teachers is a mutual insurance company - there is no stock.
Teachers is an audience-pleasing film, and there's nothing wrong with that.
Teachers issue grades four times each year.
Teachers join forces.
Teachers join the children at the table, modeling appropriate mealtime behavior.
Teachers join the staff and stay for years.
Teachers join their classes for lessons at least twice a week.
Teachers jointly agree on data collection at different locations and times.
Teachers just can t keep the pace up for any real length of time.
Teachers just dont want students to know the truth.
Teachers just draw up new questions.
Teachers just love the names they come up with.
Teachers just translate, students only listen.
Teachers keep a book ledger.
Teachers keep a notebook identifying parent contacts.
Teachers Keep a record of situations where the student is most or least fluent.
Teachers keep a record of who is in the chair and who is speaking.
Teachers keep a running record to analyze the child's reading performance.
Teachers keep brisk pace.
Teachers keep from boring kids by moving through subjects quickly if students catch on.
Teachers keep in minds.
Teachers keep in touch each month by email, fax, mail, or phone.
Teachers keep out.
Teachers keep parents informed about student progress.
Teachers keep quitting.
Teachers keep records of student behavior for their classes.
Teachers keep running records of assessment data for individual students.
Teachers keep student attendance and grades on the computers.
Teachers keep the students lunch cards.
Teachers keep track of their students' social development and health.
Teachers keep working without contract.
Teachers know a lot, but sometimes they are wrong.
Teachers know about standards because they grade assignments.
Teachers know all too well the perils of planning too far in advance.
Teachers know and understand a student's work habits.
Teachers know best how to teach skills.
Teachers know best.
Teachers know better than anyone else the goals and objectives of the courses they teach.
Teachers know better.
Teachers know each child and their learning needs.
Teachers know everything about their subjects.
Teachers know exactly what is being taught to their students and to students in other classes.
Teachers know from experience the value of individual attention in educating a child.
Teachers know high schools keep a close eye on enrollment numbers.
Teachers know how children grow.
Teachers know how much children love watching seedlings grow.
Teachers know how to manage a classroom.
Teachers know how to state the problems.
Teachers know how to teach computer science and other technology-related courses.
Teachers know how to teach students.
Teachers know how to teach.
Teachers know how to test for student progress.
Teachers know how to use computers in the classroom.
Teachers know how TV saps children's creativity and attention spans.
Teachers know if bullying is a problem in their classes.
Teachers know in relation to their students, their colleagues, their administrators, and so on.
Teachers know it takes sharp skills to find gaps in learning.
Teachers know it works.
Teachers know it.
Teachers know judgment.
Teachers know learning depends on the clearest possible communication that flows in two directions.
Teachers know more than students.
Teachers know most of the students' names since the student population is small and stable.
Teachers know our nation's priorities.
Teachers know our schools firsthand.
Teachers know parents' first names.
Teachers know relevant applications to the content they teach.
Teachers know something about where students come from.
Teachers know students and learning.
Teachers know students and parents.
Teachers know students in certain ways better than their parents do.
Teachers know that education is an antidote to poverty.
Teachers know that girls are better suited to schooling.
Teachers know that graphic organizers are powerful ways to help students understand complex ideas.
Teachers know that is often when the best learning happens.
Teachers know that requires continuous communication.
Teachers know that science facts can change.
Teachers know that successful writing is a much more complex process.
Teachers know that the classroom setting can enhance the instruction.
Teachers know that when something works for girls, it often works for boys as well.
Teachers know the abilities, strengths and weaknesses of their students.
Teachers know the content appropriate to their teaching specialty.
Teachers know the content they teach.
Teachers know the curriculum, the subject matter, the student, and teaching practice.
Teachers know the kids and their families.
Teachers know the more children read outside of school for fun, the better they do in school.
Teachers know the strengths and weaknesses of their students.
Teachers know the student's learning style, level of achievement and performance.
Teachers know the value of repetition.
Teachers know their kids well, their strengths, their weaknesses.
Teachers know their students well, and most are well-prepared to teach.
Teachers know their stuff.
Teachers know their subject matter and how to teach it.
Teachers know their teaching styles and their own learning styles.
Teachers know they can find a way to help each student.
Teachers know they have students sitting in class who are high.
Teachers know they have to prepare kids to pass state tests.
Teachers know what is needed for optimum learning to take place in their classrooms.
Teachers know what needs to be done.
Teachers know what they are talking about.
Teachers know what they ought to be teaching.
Teachers know what's going on with kids.
Teachers know what's happening in their classrooms at all times.
Teachers know when students abuse or seem to abuse the system.
Teachers know where every child is at all times and are aware of what they are doing.
Teachers know where to begin looking when there is classroom trouble.
Teachers lack adequate preparation time.
Teachers lack confidence in teaching statistics at the school level.
Teachers lack skills and support necessary to teach behavioral skills.
Teachers lack the training and support to solve computer problems.
Teachers lack time to prepare for and manage change.
Teachers lament that the constant stimulation of young brain cells has shortened attention spans.
Teachers laud summer technology training.
Teachers launch studies , which gave details of the conference in the same issue.
Teachers lead by example as they continue on their path of learning.
Teachers lead community groups and organizations.
Teachers lead in advocating for schools and children.
Teachers lead in the school.
Teachers lead in their classroom.
Teachers lead on a rotating basis.
Teachers lead students in an exploration of the tide pools and surrounding beach environment.
Teachers lead students through a variety of sites related to each area of study.
Teachers lead students.
Teachers lead workshops, seminars, education tours, and conference presentations.
Teachers learn a great deal about students and their learning in conferences.
Teachers Learn a variety of storytelling methods that are great for reaching the reluctant reader.
Teachers learn about and work with local communities to improve their professional practice.
Teachers learn about asthma and how it affects children s learning.
Teachers learn about scientific inquiry and uses of new technologies in the workplace.
Teachers learn about students by using a variety of methods.
Teachers learn about teaching in context and teaching with design.
Teachers learn about the importance of technology.
Teachers learn about the major related issues of sustainability in their regions.
Teachers learn about the range of student work and best teaching practices from other teachers.
Teachers learn about TV and video programs from a variety of sources.
Teachers learn all they can about each of their students.
Teachers learn and practice technology integration.
Teachers learn as they watch.
Teachers learn best about teaching science from other teachers of science.
Teachers learn best from other teachers, through dialogue about effective innovative practices.
Teachers learn best through collaborative interactions with peers and mentors.
Teachers learn business processes and practices.
Teachers learn common interest.
Teachers learn effective ways to teach, illustrate, and reinforce research concepts.
Teachers learn firsthand how to conduct field studies and use scientific supplies.
Teachers learn from each other by working together as a team and sharing ideas.
Teachers Learn from experienced educators what it takes to be successful in the classroom.
Teachers learn from one another as they share successful practices and solve instructional problems.
Teachers learn from their students sometimes.
Teachers learn from their students, just as students learn from their teachers.
Teachers learn hands-on activities to take back to their classrooms.
Teachers learn hands-on how to integrate technology into their curriculum.
Teachers learn how much to structure students' access to content.
Teachers learn how their own behavior impacts the classroom environment .
Teachers learn how their students think and process information.
Teachers learn how to create cultures of character in their classrooms.
Teachers learn how to develop and apply scoring criteria and judge how much students have learned.
Teachers learn how to estimate percent canopy coverage of an area using a densiometer.
Teachers learn how to evaluate the content of sites they find.
Teachers learn how to integrate technology into the curriculum in their classrooms.
Teachers learn how to lead seminar discussions.
Teachers learn how to prepare staff development opportunities for colleagues at their schools.
Teachers learn how to read critically within the first year or two of teaching.
Teachers learn how to reign in bad behavior without looking at the kids as being bad.
Teachers learn how to use technology to help students transition effectively.
Teachers learn how to use the technology in the new science-technology lab.
Teachers learn in a hands-on approach to integrating technology into their curriculum.
Teachers learn interest.
Teachers learn just as their students do.
Teachers learn more about community members and their interests.
Teachers learn more from each other than anyone else.
Teachers learn new ideas and skills while doing work that has immediate use in their classrooms.
Teachers learn new ways to use technology in the curriculum.
Teachers learn novel material through mathematical problem solving in an investigative style.
Teachers learn observation techniques to teach to the strengths, interests and needs of each child.
Teachers learn of three prevailing views of the topic, plus examples of each view.
Teachers learn practical ways to teach math.
Teachers learn quickly they have to throw up barriers.
Teachers learn results for their previous year's class and for incoming students.
Teachers learn scientific research skills.
Teachers Learn something new about teaching from the preservice teachers they are directing.
Teachers learn something new every day.
Teachers learn that only direct action gets results.
Teachers learn the appropriate scientific vocabulary and principles for each experiment.
Teachers learn the boss's job .
Teachers learn the enjoyment of work as a team.
Teachers learn the fundamentals of satellite imagery and the background of the project.
Teachers learn the importance of students attributing their own ability to be strategic.
Teachers learn the procedures for ensuring consumers a safe food source.
Teachers learn the process of collaborative action research by doing it.
Teachers learn to accept their own ways of knowing, which boosts self-confidence.
Teachers learn to acquire data and report results in a scientifically acceptable manner.
Teachers learn to build a sandbox platform for classrooms and to make holograms.
Teachers learn to create safer, more caring, and respectful learning environments.
Teachers learn to engage students in exciting and theoretical exploration and activities.
Teachers learn to grasp the moment.
Teachers learn to integrate constructivist theory and practice.
Teachers learn to make curricular connections between global education and multicultural education.
Teachers learn to put fun in physics.
Teachers learn to search, access and evaluate Internet resources for use in their classrooms.
Teachers learn to surf the net, and guide their students to the best way in online learning.
Teachers learn to teach in their own classrooms.
Teachers learn to teach more effectively.
Teachers learn to use the internet to ensure that their students get proper education.
Teachers learn to view the classroom as their students workplace.
Teachers learn when they present and theorize about their own classroom practice among colleagues.
Teachers learn, apply, receive feedback and refine their teaching skills.
Teachers leave college unprepared to ensure that students reach high standards.
Teachers leave for exchange positions.
Teachers leave it exhausted.
Teachers leave messages about homework assignments and special things going on in the class.
Teachers leave rooms.
Teachers leave the classroom to visit the fatherless and widows in their affliction.
Teachers leave the kids alone.
Teachers leave the workshop feeling motivated and recharged.
Teachers leave the workshop with a teacher's guide and an activities kit.
Teachers lecture from textbook and often use blackboards and worksheets.
Teachers lecture regularly and summarize lessons based on observed needs of the students.
Teachers let other teachers know they are doing a good job.
Teachers let sit on chairs, but students on the floor.
Teachers let students know that there are high standards for behavior in the classroom.
Teachers liberally provide individual attention when they are asked or when it is needed.
Teachers like to control the knowledge inputted into their students' heads.
Teachers like to decorate their classrooms with our bulletin board sets, borders and posters.
Teachers like to do things that work.
Teachers like to feel as if someone's paying attention.
Teachers like to hear how their students are doing.
Teachers like to hear that their students have done well and that they remember their teachers.
Teachers like to learn from other classroom teachers.
Teachers like to present multiplication as just another case of counting.
Teachers like to see hard working children.
Teachers like to see hard-work.
Teachers like to see that adults have checked students' homework.
Teachers like to see what others are doing in the classroom.
Teachers like to tell the correct answers to students.
Teachers like to work when they get spare minutes at home on the weekends, etc.
Teachers limit homework for their students during testing week.
Teachers limit homework for their students during the testing week.
Teachers link class assignment to problems and issues faced by professionals.
Teachers link science learning with prior learning in science and other disciplines.
Teachers link the past with the future, one student at a time.
Teachers listen to and observe children closely.
Teachers listen to their voice mailboxes at least once a day.
Teachers live in a missionary community in the ministry neighborhoods.
Teachers live in houses.
Teachers live in Indonesian communities and make Indonesian friends.
Teachers live in nearby housing.
Teachers live on campus with the students.
Teachers live up to six to a tent and have virtually no teaching resources.
Teachers live with a host family in another country and develop teaching skills in local school.
Teachers load additional software as needed.
Teachers locate Web sites that support their classroom curriculum.
Teachers located at a school are able to borrow individually.
Teachers lock the classroom doors.
Teachers log individual student results on spreadsheets.
Teachers look at it when they walk down the hall.
Teachers look at student work biweekly in grade level teams.
Teachers look at the effects of mixing colors of light and colors of pigment.
Teachers look elsewhere for better-paying jobs.
Teachers look for ideas.
Teachers look for new ideas.
Teachers look for programs that enhance their core curricula.
Teachers look for something different.
Teachers look on at striped bass in an environmentally controlled recirculating system.
Teachers look over their colleagues' projects.
Teachers looking for primary sources ought to start here.
Teachers loop with their classroom for two-year assignments.
Teachers lose any real sense of autonomy in structuring and managing the classroom.
Teachers lose bargaining rights and their contract.
Teachers lose hope of maintaining order in their classes.
Teachers lose summer education and employment opportunities.
Teachers lose their incentive to teach.
Teachers love babies.
Teachers love getting calls like that from parents of kids with bad grades.
Teachers love it . . .
Teachers love it because it excites kids.
Teachers love it because it makes life easier, eliminates excuses, and frees up time.
Teachers love it because parents learn to appreciate their specials skills.
Teachers love it when they hear students talking about nutrition at lunchtime.
Teachers love it, and rightly so.
Teachers love it, because of more planning time and fewer students.
Teachers love it, too.
Teachers love it.
Teachers love teaching, finding joy in others' learning.
Teachers love the automatic grading and easy quiz construction.
Teachers love the concept because it teaches kids computer use, arts and crafts and history.
Teachers love the kids who struggle but persevere.
Teachers love the News Game, and it's huge hit with students as well.
Teachers love the questions.
Teachers love their jobs.
Teachers love their students.
Teachers love to attend workshops to learn how they can use the newspaper to teach in the classroom.
Teachers love to learn from each other's experience.
Teachers love to receive positive letters or phone calls from parents.
Teachers love to say that.
Teachers love to show that kind of stuff.
Teachers love to tote test papers, grade books, and all the others accessories of the profession.
Teachers love using a Palm because it s so easy to use, requiring only minutes of training.
Teachers love wielding rewards and punishments, often in the form of grades.
Teachers love working at Tesseract.
Teachers mailboxes main office.
Teachers mainly serve as storytellers.
Teachers mainly work for the strivers.
Teachers maintain a demanding yet supportive environment that pushes students to do their best.
Teachers maintain and enhance linguistic and cultural skills beyond the classroom.
Teachers maintain and update pupil health records.
Teachers maintain appropriate educational expectations that meet the needs of our students.
Teachers maintain classroom discipline by establishing age-appropriate expectations for behavior.
Teachers maintain contact through phone calls, conferences and E-mails.
Teachers maintain daily records and are well trained observers.
Teachers maintain high expectations for all students.
Teachers maintain personal technology plans to chart their progress and goals.
Teachers maintain professional standards guided by legal and ethical principles.
Teachers maintain professional standards guided by social, legal, and ethical principles.
Teachers maintain the dignity of each child.
Teachers maintain the role of guiding learning rather than the role of dictator or onlooker.
Teachers maintain very high expectations for students in all areas.
Teachers make a difference in student achievement.
Teachers make a difference in students lives.
Teachers make a difference.
TEachers make a huge difference.
Teachers make a lasting impact.
Teachers make a substantial time commitment when joining the project.
Teachers make all of the other professions possible.
Teachers make all selections.
Teachers make all the decisions and children follow directions.
Teachers make an effort to connect curricula to the experiences of the students.
Teachers make an effort to give students access to computers at all stages of the writing process.
Teachers make arrangements for students' computer use in a variety of ways.
Teachers make assignments and cover their lessons.
Teachers make assignments, and most kids jump in and figure they'll learn as they do it.
Teachers make assumptions about what motivates, excites, and frustrates their students.
Teachers make better use of their particular strengths.
Teachers make careers.
Teachers make copies of papers and so does the principal.
Teachers make curriculum decisions and look for better ways of doing things.
Teachers make dreams come true.
Teachers make each other better.
Teachers make education happen.
Teachers make effective and economical use of time in the classroom.
Teachers make effective use of class time with a minimum of interruptions.
Teachers make enough, and the adminstators make too much for what they produce.
Teachers make every effort to keep students actively engaged in critical thinking.
Teachers make every effort to treat all children fairly.
Teachers make every possible effort to create a loving, nurturing, and family-like environment.
Teachers make excellent candidates for Auxiliary membership.
Teachers make exemplary programs.
Teachers make extra efforts to help students.
Teachers make face to face visits to their students only once or twice a year.
Teachers make finger-paint by adding food coloring to vanilla pudding.
Teachers make frequent use of teaching cues, active engagement, and reinforcement.
Teachers make good role models.
Teachers make great technologists.
Teachers make home visitations and instruct students in language, reading and math.
Teachers make hundreds of decisions every day.
Teachers make individualization possible.
Teachers make inferences as to why students behave as they do.
Teachers make it a class project, beautify something in town.
Teachers make learning an adventure and watch over each boys' personal growth.
Teachers make lesson plans, review their material and so on.
Teachers make lists and organize their thinking using charts to compare ideas.
Teachers make little things count.
Teachers make many parent referrals to the center.
Teachers make many presentations at national and regional conventions for educators of the gifted.
Teachers make mistakes.
Teachers make mistaks.
Teachers make observations and discuss progress with the parents and student.
Teachers make observations during individual conferences and by reading children's writing.
Teachers make or break the quality of schools.
Teachers make presentations to their colleagues.
Teachers make presentations.
Teachers make professional judgements all the time.
Teachers make progress.
Teachers make reasonable accommodations for other students on a daily basis.
Teachers make several choices and a page is immediately placed on-line in their folder.
Teachers make similar professions.
Teachers make statements.
Teachers make students their prime partners, involving students in planning and teaching.
Teachers make study even faster.
Teachers make sure students learn, no matter what interferes.
Teachers make sure that children write every day and see themselves as authors.
Teachers make sure that students are prepared for a productive and enjoyable day.
Teachers make sure that students get different and special opportunities.
Teachers make terrific sales Agents.
Teachers make tests.
Teachers make that happen.
Teachers make the choice of where to use the paraprofessionals.
Teachers make the decisions on how to help each child.
Teachers make the difference.
Teachers Make the Difference.
Teachers make the final decision on student eligibility for the Academies summer jobs program.
Teachers make the greatest impact on our children in the district.
Teachers make the world of information become knowledge.
Teachers make their own appointments.
Teachers make two ideas grow where only one grew before.
Teachers make up the majority of the board.
Teachers manage and monitor the multiple and varied schedules of their students.
Teachers manage and understand reciprocal processes between themselves and their pupils.
Teachers manage classroom resources effectively.
Teachers manage classrooms effectively .
Teachers manage student learning activities in a technology-enhanced environment.
Teachers manage the classroom environment so that it is stimulating and encourages learning.
Teachers manipulate classroom discussions, but almost never give overt evaluations.
Teachers mark carefully and their comments are helpful to pupils.
Teachers master their subject matter and know how technology can assist the learner in mastery.
Teachers match teaching to students' individual learning styles.
Teachers matter greatly.
Teachers maximize instructional time.
Teachers may have students.
Teachers measure from teacher's desk to chalkboard with their hands.
Teachers meet after school in small groups with at least two facilitators for eight weeks.
Teachers meet and go over students' scores to interpret the data.
Teachers meet bi-monthly to practice and implement proficiency methodologies.
Teachers meet diverse learning styles by using an array of instructional strategies and techniques.
Teachers meet eight times during the school year to report their progress.
Teachers meet five times throughout the year.
Teachers meet for after-school Bible study.
Teachers meet for three weeks in the summer and eight times during the school year.
Teachers meet frequently to plan engaging activities and to discuss student performance.
Teachers meet high ethical standards of practice.
Teachers meet in a previous millennium.
Teachers meet in Atlanta for education on the latest advances in classroom gadgetry.
Teachers meet in groups for schoolwide assessments called moderations.
Teachers meet in teams to review and evaluate the data produced.
Teachers meet monthly to collaborate on planning.
Teachers meet periodically during the school year to share problems and solutions.
Teachers meet regularly to implement and revise the standard curriculum.
Teachers meet regularly to share ideas.
Teachers meet several times per week, often daily, during their common planning times.
Teachers meet students.
Teachers meet to check their design for variety and diversity in learning activities.
Teachers meet together regularly for gospel instruction and other activities.
Teachers meet together weekly for prayer, planning, and lesson preparation.
Teachers meet together weekly in small groups with an expert teacher-facilitator.
Teachers meet via distance learning for planning the collaborative skills.
Teachers meet weekly and as often as necessary with leadership.
Teachers meet weekly as a group to plan future class schedules.
Teachers meet while students have lunch and a recreation period.
Teachers meet with clergy once per month.
Teachers meet with each student and their parents three times during each school year.
Teachers meet with parents prior to a child's placement.
Teachers meet with parents to discuss student progress at least twice a year.
Teachers meet with peers and administration to discuss student work.
Teachers meet with students every three months to evaluate progress and refine goals accordingly.
Teachers meet with students in multiage and traditional classrooms.
Teachers meet with the students a minimum of two periods per week.
Teachers meet with their grade levels and make plans for a structured and enriching day.
Teachers meet with their students at least five times a year.
Teachers mentor each other, freely comparing and sharing instructional ideas.
Teachers merely AID in that process.
Teachers minimize dissection because of the time and expense involved.
Teachers miss classes for other reasons.
Teachers model a broad range of text experiences, as well as natural book talk.
Teachers model a variety of writing forms.
Teachers model a variety of writing styles, mechanics, grammar and usage.
Teachers model friendly cooperation and problem solving.
Teachers model good reading behavior.
Teachers model parts of the writing process as they work with students on writing assignments.
Teachers model parts of the writing process as they work with students.
Teachers model peaceful conflict resolution through example, play and direct meditation.
Teachers model reading process.
Teachers model the behaviors they teach by showing respect, patience, and courtesy.
Teachers model the importance of education and the effectiveness of self-improvement.
Teachers model the reading processes for students.
Teachers model the use of technology in their daily routine of doing their job.
Teachers model their love of learning.
Teachers model their own writing on an overhead or on chart paper.
Teachers model their personal passion as life-long learners with their students.
Teachers modify and adjust instructional plans according to student engagement and achievement.
Teachers modify and refine teaching practice through continuous reflection.
Teachers modify curriculum to meet the needs of advanced learners.
Teachers modify programs to meet the needs of the students.
Teachers modify the focus at various centres to accommodate changing needs and interests.
Teachers modify their classrooms and teaching methods to accommodate a variety of learning styles.
Teachers mold the future one student at a time.
Teachers monitor progress in writing through prompts given.
Teachers monitor student work completed either in school or at home.
Teachers monitor students during uninterrupted reading.
Teachers monitor students' Net activities from their own computers.
Teachers monitor students' progress throughout each course and hand out tests at random.
Teachers monitor the progress of the student and are available to answer questions.
Teachers monitor the students' progress by initialing and commenting in the students' log.
Teachers mostly learn from other teachers.
Teachers mostly use learning link for Email and little mention of student Email use.
Teachers mostly west coast names and addresses.
Teachers motivate students to take more science in school and to explore science outside school.
Teachers motivate students to write and do science simultaneously.
Teachers motivate students.
Teachers move and take other jobs or even leave the teaching profession.
Teachers move around the groups, asking questions and helping students solve some problems.
Teachers move from class to class to limit distractions in the hallways.
Teachers move from task to task within their instructional periods with little, if any, down time.
Teachers move from the instructor role to a facilitator role of work based learning experience.
Teachers move to new schools.
Teachers must have communication skills.
Teachers must have good communication skills.
Teachers must have skills.
Teachers narratives .
Teachers naturally adjust what they teach to the level of their students.
Teachers need communication skills.
Teachers need good communication skills.
Teachers need skills.
Teachers need think skills.
Teachers never check weekly assignments.
Teachers never get the benefit of research to pass on to their kids.
Teachers never give up on kids.
Teachers never have a say when money is being spent.
Teachers never say answers are wrong.
Teachers never stay here anyway.
Teachers never teach alone.
Teachers nominate one student from each class and certificates and prizes are part of the program.
Teachers nominate students based on their optimistic outlook.
Teachers nominate students for the Timothy Award.
Teachers nominate students with a list of reasons they believe the student is eligible.
Teachers note on a form what the child's plan is.
Teachers note that some sites contain advertisement.
Teachers notes on nocturnal animals.
Teachers notes to accompany the presentation above.
Teachers notes True True False.
Teachers notes, ideas for getting started and a story template are all available.
Teachers notice a change in students involved in the program.
Teachers notice a change in the behavior and interests of many campers throughout the week.
Teachers notice a child's mind wandering or a child fidgets everyday in class.
Teachers notice differences too.
Teachers notice that students are fighting less and focusing better on their studies.
Teachers notice the changes, too.
Teachers notice the positive effect that intramural soccer has brought to many of their students.
Teachers notice when a pupil doesn t show up a few times.
Teachers notify front office when a student has three unexcused absences.
Teachers now allot more independent work time at computer stations in the classroom.
Teachers now assign students problems to solve, rather than items to make.
Teachers now begin to adopt their own lesson plan for their classroom practicum.
Teachers now come when large group projects are being worked on.
Teachers now compete annually to develop new programs to teach more effectively.
Teachers now enjoy certain job protection rights after three years.
Teachers now have an easy path to realizing the benefits of an Internet-enriched curriculum.
Teachers now have an in-depth opportunity to discuss what the students saw in the program.
Teachers now have content standards for history, art, music, health and world languages.
Teachers now have difficulty even in conducting class for children in lower grades.
Teachers now have equal or superior access, training and expertise.
Teachers now have first cracks at the positions, and can replace a non-teacher in the sport.
Teachers now have guidelines on how to respond.
Teachers now have more career options than ever before.
Teachers now have more economic knowledge because they are taking more economics courses.
Teachers now have to accept the responsibility for doing the same.
Teachers now have to be careful regarding the sources that a student uses.
Teachers now know which schools to avoid.
Teachers now put their curricula on line and interact with parents and other community members.
Teachers now put their curriculums online and interact with parents and other community members.
Teachers now require students to include primary sources in any research they do.
Teachers now stand outside their room between classes to enforce policies such as the no-hat rule.
Teachers now stress the importance of taking the tests and doing well.
Teachers now take the initiative with reading in their classrooms.
Teachers now work together to develop computer projects that promote everything from music to math.
Teachers nurture their self-reliance when their teaching becomes personal.
Teachers observe ability.
Teachers observe and are observed by partners six times during the year.
Teachers observe and assess students in the context of ongoing classroom life.
Teachers observe and discuss learning styles.
Teachers observe and evaluate a student's performance and potential.
Teachers observe and evaluate students' potential.
Teachers observe and evaluate the child's development and plan for continued growth.
Teachers observe children at play and in interactions with one another.
Teachers observe each other's teaching and strive to help one another improve.
Teachers observe individual students as they problem solve new texts.
Teachers observe other teachers and share, discuss, and plan.
Teachers observe students in other classrooms.
Teachers observe students over a period of time.
Teachers observe students.
Teachers observe such results routinely in the laboratory of their classrooms.
Teachers observe the children in various settings in order to learn more about each child.
Teachers observe, guide and challenge when appropriate.
Teachers observe, guide, make individual presentations.
Teachers observe, record, analyze, and modify the reading and writing behavior of children.
Teachers occasionally come from other schools, too.
Teachers occasionally communicate using technology.
Teachers occasionally find themselves deluged with e-mail questions and requests.
Teachers occasionally light the pilot lights themselves in the mornings.
Teachers occasionally receive notes requesting that a child stay in for recess.
Teachers offer after-school tutorials and summer school for qualifying students.
Teachers offer guidance.
Teachers offer individualized instruction to meet the student's specific educational needs.
Teachers offer insights relevant to our spiritual growth and understanding.
Teachers offer little or no explanation and direction.
Teachers offer many forms of positive reinforcement to groups and individual students.
Teachers offer so much for students.
Teachers offer students.
Teachers offer support to each other in areas of expertise.
Teachers offer the options for make-ups and provide the students with a safe learning environment.
Teachers only see that they are unable to complete work at their grade level.
Teachers only seem to use their computers for grading and record keeping.
Teachers only use the technology for instructional and classroom management purposes.
Teachers open eyes and hearts.
Teachers open the door.
Teachers opens book to the page that discusses dyeing eggs.
Teachers ordinarily are greatly surprised at such simplicity.
Teachers organize matches of flag football, volleyball and softball.
Teachers organize their own classrooms to facilitate appropriate work areas.
Teachers organizing career days or looking for science fair judges can post invitations.
Teachers ought to be able to say so.
Teachers ought to celebrate while they can.
Teachers ought to give the association a short leash to pursue the allowances.
Teachers ought to have a full range of alternatives.
Teachers ought to keep in touch about student problems such as attendance and incomplete work.
Teachers ought to love it.
Teachers ought to say so.
Teachers outline clear behavior and work expectations for their students.
Teachers Outpost Pardon the delay.
Teachers oversee the progress of each group, correcting mistakes in pronunciation.
Teachers overwhelmingly agree that their schools are seeking higher standards.
Teachers overwhelmingly tend to pick girls, good students, and students who seem responsible.
Teachers own demonstration.
Teachers pair their classes and match up students from each class.
Teachers parade in Loop on first day of vacation.
Teachers park in the club's private lot.
Teachers participate by sharing experiences of the art and craft of teaching.
Teachers participate in a presentation by colleagues.
Teachers participate in a two week intensive workshop designed for master teachers.
Teachers participate in a variety of committees to assist with the governance of the school.
Teachers participate in a variety of training sessions and workshops.
Teachers participate in all facets of the transparent design process.
Teachers participate in both the academic and the activity sides of the programme.
Teachers participate in choir every morning.
Teachers participate in daily writing activities, small group discussions, and readings.
Teachers participate in decision-making about scheduling and classroom practices.
Teachers participate in district-wide scoring sessions and in workshops on the writing process.
Teachers participate in DNA fingerprinting science program.
Teachers participate in ongoing professional development that increases their knowledge and skills.
Teachers participate in online courses or workshops to learn something new.
Teachers participate in professional development in fall.
Teachers participate in regular study groups to examine, refine, and modify teaching practices.
Teachers participate in research while working as a crew member on an ocean-going research vessel.
Teachers participate in scholarly activities.
Teachers participate in staff development in order to have an impact on students.
Teachers participate in summer curriculum writing creating interdisciplinary units.
Teachers participate in teams of two or more teachers from the same school.
Teachers participate in the same research projects as students.
Teachers participate in the simulation and then adapt it to their own communities.
Teachers participate in upgrading curriculum guides and textbook selections.
Teachers participate in workshops to learn about the multidisciplinary curriculum.
Teachers participate with the children in the excitement and wonder of the learning process.
Teachers participating in all our programs receive generous stipends.
Teachers participating in training workshops receive program preference.
Teachers pass evaluation out.
Teachers pay nothing for the software.
Teachers pay the dispensing fee only and any markup.
Teachers pay their own way.
Teachers pay utilities.
Teachers perceive their own influence as remaining the same and primarily confined to classrooms.
Teachers perform one of the most important tasks in society.
Teachers perform professional responsibilities efficiently.
Teachers periodically bring classes to perform research for a variety of purposes and projects.
Teachers permit, even encourage, different forms of expression and respect students' views.
Teachers place a premium on active involvement.
Teachers place a raw egg in a glass container filled with vinegar.
Teachers place great importance on providing a language-rich environment throughout the school.
Teachers place materials in the block area.
Teachers place pressure on boys to excel in math and the physical sciences.
Teachers place substantial emphasis on time and time management.
Teachers place the highest value on objectivity and explicitness, expecially in writing.
Teachers plan a clear curriculum with coherent learning goals.
Teachers plan activities on a weekly basis for quiet and active times.
Teachers plan and design effective learning environments and experiences supported by technology.
Teachers plan and evaluate pupils learning very thoroughly in year group teams.
Teachers plan and offer developmentally appropriate activities for the children daily.
Teachers plan and work in teams that also include parents.
Teachers plan and work together in their respective pods.
Teachers plan around a sequence of high interest themes.
Teachers plan by identifying possible learning opportunities for each skill within the project.
Teachers plan daily in teams and individually.
Teachers plan for and reflect on their professional learning.
Teachers plan for the management of technology resources within the context of learning activities.
Teachers plan instruction based on their own prior knowledge and experiences.
Teachers plan instruction for students to experience success in all academic areas.
Teachers plan instruction in ways that are consistent with their assumptions about class material.
Teachers plan instruction that is appropriate for the students they teach.
Teachers plan instructional activities based on the scheduled time.
Teachers plan instructional opportunities that are adapted to diverse students.
Teachers plan lessons that arouse curiosity and push the students to a higher level of knowledge.
Teachers plan lessons that require the students to use the Internet.
Teachers plan lessons to encourage success for all students enrolled.
Teachers plan lessons to meet student needs.
Teachers plan lessons.
Teachers plan specific work and activities to help each one develop needed skills.
Teachers plan strategies to manage student learning in a technology-enhanced environment.
Teachers plan the curriculum for the group's and for the individual child's needs.
Teachers plan their computer lessons based on their classroom lesson plans for the week.
Teachers plan their lessons to be delivered with the entire group.
Teachers plan their lessons well, assessing and recording pupils' progress appropriately.
Teachers plan thematic lessons that demonstrate the relationships among all subject areas.
Teachers plan to demonstrate before today's board meeting.
Teachers plan to involve older students working with younger students throughout their curriculum.
Teachers plan together to design a meaningful, well-developed program for all students.
Teachers plan together to ensure a comprehensive and enriched program for each child.
Teachers plan, design, research, evaluate and prepare instruction together.
Teachers plan, design, research, evaluate and prepare teaching materials together.
Teachers plan, design, research, evaluate, and prepare teaching materials together.
Teachers plan, implement, and assess effective lesson.
Teachers plan, implement, and write up a study conducted in a classroom setting.
Teachers play a big role in educational renewal and reform.
Teachers play a central role in the literacy development of each student.
Teachers play a critical role Find education resources and classroom activities here.
Teachers play a critical role in instilling in young people a curiosity and an interest in science.
Teachers play a critical role in motivating young people to pursue particular career paths.
Teachers play a critical role in problem-solving and resource allocations.
Teachers play a critical role in the team of professionals required to make an accurate diagnosis.
Teachers play a crucial role in public engagement because of the respected position they hold.
Teachers play a key role in conducting the study.
Teachers play a large role in helping students' transition from school to work.
Teachers play a large role in student's character development.
Teachers play a major interactive role with both the learner and the learning environment.
Teachers play a major role in developing the overall high school assessment plan and the tests.
Teachers play a major role in preparing youth for responsible citizenship.
Teachers play a pivotal role in establishing and maintaining sound parent involvement efforts.
Teachers play a pivotal role in the partnership.
Teachers play a prominent role in that village.
Teachers play a significant role in the creation of lessons.
Teachers play a very important role in children's development.
Teachers play a very important role in our lives and our society.
Teachers play a vital role in becoming the movers in a community of learners.
Teachers play a vital role in motivating student's interest in mathematics.
Teachers play a vital role in the development of young minds.
Teachers play a vital role in the intellectual and morale education of children.
Teachers play a vital role.
Teachers play an extremely important role in shaping the lives of students.
Teachers play an important role as knowledge facilitators.
Teachers play an important role in the student's education and perhaps their lives .
Teachers play an integral part in planning their own professional development.
Teachers play an irreplaceable role in the development of our children.
Teachers play extra roles in the school beyond the classroom.
Teachers play many roles in helping students develop.
Teachers play multiple roles around advertising.
Teachers play parent, counselor and moderator.
Teachers play such an important role in our students' lives.
Teachers play their instruments on stage at symphony hall.
Teachers pledge to . . .
Teachers point the finger at parents.
Teachers point to an atmosphere of trust and companionship foreign to many schools.
Teachers polish their skills through weekly coaching sessions with a teacher leader.
Teachers pop into IMP classrooms because they are curious after seeing the display.
Teachers pose a question and call a number.
Teachers pose questions based on district priorities, school goals, or classroom situations.
Teachers pose questions related to their own school goals or classroom situations.
Teachers possess basic content knowledge and have an understanding of inquiry methods.
Teachers possess expertise, experience, and ideas on ways to best educate students.
Teachers possess many leadership talents that, if put to use, can improve American education.
Teachers possess the capacity to make decisions from alternatives.
Teachers post and enforce the discipline codes.
Teachers post and regularly discuss behavioral expectations in the classroom and on the playground.
Teachers post collaborative Internet projects inviting participation.
Teachers post daily or weekly assignment information.
Teachers post homework and other school information on the web in seconds.
Teachers post ideas, questions, concerns to other educators who then respond.
Teachers post information in seconds because no programming is required.
Teachers post it in their rooms.
Teachers post lesson plans on Douglas district website.
Teachers post office hours on their doors just for that purpose.
Teachers post project ideas and list of useful sites often.
Teachers pour their lives into their pupils.
Teachers practice writing in a variety of forms.
Teachers practicing in the community become key collaborators in Clark's education program.
Teachers praise the design for fostering creativity while responding to state and local standards.
Teachers praise the program for exposing their students to college-level work.
Teachers predict much higher student achievement gains than students can actually achieve.
Teachers prefer objective tests because they are easier and quicker to grade.
Teachers prefer that make-up work be completed upon the student's return.
Teachers prefer to rely on 'practical experience' as the impetus behind pedagogic convictions.
Teachers prefer to treat the computer as an adjunct for traditional, teacher-centered instruction.
Teachers prefer typed work.
Teachers prefer, instead, to judge the quality of manuscript and handwriting subjectively.
Teachers prepare a series of videos and action plans focused on instruction.
Teachers prepare course outlines and lesson plans and supervise campers in cabins.
Teachers prepare in advance - cut the construction paper into index card size or use index cards.
Teachers prepare lessons following the South Carolina standards for social studies.
Teachers prepare many Thematic units throughout the school year.
Teachers prepare one lesson that they teach for five days.
Teachers prepare only the material for their station.
Teachers prepare students in all subject areas with a concentration on the basic skills.
Teachers prepare the learning environment and plan experiences based on typical development.
Teachers prepare their evaluations and testimonials before departing.
Teachers prepare topics and activities that relate to the course curriculum.
Teachers prepare well for each session.
Teachers present a balanced view of what science is and how it is conducted in the real world.
Teachers Present a complete course catalog to reach new potential students.
Teachers present a rigorous curriculum that incorporates the articulated district standards.
Teachers present an integrated curriculum through thematic units.
Teachers present books.
Teachers present cases.
Teachers present individual lessons and oversee small group gatherings.
Teachers present individually.
Teachers present new vocabulary in the language to be learned.
Teachers present the findings of their investigations.
Teachers present the lesson entirely in the target language.
Teachers present their activity results.
Teachers present themselves as facilitators of learning rather than dispensers of knowledge.
Teachers presently pay five percent of the health insurance premiums.
Teachers preview and bookmark appropriate on line research sites.
Teachers primarily lecture, though videotapes are sometimes used.
Teachers print certain of the messages to show students how they have progressed.
Teachers print out documents for classroom use.
Teachers probably like it.
Teachers probably prefer to make their own choice.
Teachers produce a set of materials for classroom use.
Teachers produce and share lesson plans and student work.
Teachers promote and encourage a spirit of creativity, curiosity, and productivity for all children.
Teachers promote growth.
Teachers promote prosocial behavior by offering stimulating activities and promoting choices.
Teachers promote safe and healthy use of technology resources.
Teachers Promote the intellectual progress of peers, junior residents, and medical students.
Teachers promote vocabulary growth.
Teachers propose courses and day trips they want to teach.
Teachers prove to be human, too.
Teachers provide a high degree of support.
Teachers provide a highly valued service in our society and many find the job to be truly rewarding.
Teachers provide a major service for our community.
Teachers provide a multitude of opinions and theories to students.
Teachers provide a nurturing environment for effective learning to occur.
Teachers provide a summer reading program for first and second graders.
Teachers provide a variety of instruction and a learning environment geared toward each learner.
Teachers provide a variety of instructional approaches to renew students' interest and attention.
Teachers provide a warm, secure, and supportive learning environment for parents and children.
Teachers provide activities for the mentor session.
Teachers provide additional resources.
Teachers provide an example before telling students to write their own poems.
Teachers provide assessment, consultation and direct services to children who qualify.
Teachers provide assignments and activities to do outside of class time.
Teachers provide caring, individualized instruction to meet the needs of all students.
Teachers provide challenges, encourage risk taking, correct errors, and provide context.
Teachers provide class time for silent reading and book selection from the media center.
Teachers provide clear instruction and valuable feedback when interacting orally or in writing.
Teachers provide complex tasks that require student initiative, and often group work, to complete.
Teachers provide continuity for students as they progress.
Teachers provide copies and pencils for students.
Teachers provide corrective feedback to students daily.
Teachers provide definition.
Teachers provide experiences through which children can begin to develop their own values.
Teachers provide feedback during informal meetings and annual parent-teacher conferences.
Teachers provide feedback in terms of attitude changes and effects on academic performance.
Teachers provide feedback on knowledge gains.
Teachers provide follow up activities and evaluation.
Teachers provide fun activities and incorporate stories, science and art into a particular theme.
Teachers provide guidance by introducing a task or concept, or helping children plan their work.
Teachers provide hands-on activities and experiences to enrich and reinforce concepts.
Teachers provide input and evaluations, which are incorporated into ongoing program development.
Teachers provide input and the guides are modified appropriately.
Teachers Provide input into the prioritization of funds for technology.
Teachers provide instruction, guidance and support from day to day.
Teachers provide instruction.
Teachers provide interesting, real-life activities for students in and out of the classroom.
Teachers provide major leadership for the college s early childhood training programs.
Teachers provide many curriculum and support programmes which are appropriate and well organised.
Teachers provide many hands-on experiences to teach concepts.
Teachers provide many kinds of support including skills emphasis and meaning emphasis.
Teachers provide many of the ideas and much of the content.
Teachers provide materials and instructions to aide the tutor.
Teachers provide meaningful science learning for all students.
Teachers provide more than just knowledge or useful information to be logged.
Teachers provide ongoing communication to parents about academic progress and classroom activities.
Teachers provide online support for students.
Teachers provide opportunities for students to learn in a variety of ways.
Teachers provide opportunities for students to understand and value diversity.
Teachers provide outdoor experiences for children of all ages.
Teachers provide parents with written or verbal information about their child on a daily basis.
Teachers provide reinforcement and thorough explanation of concepts.
Teachers provide resources.
Teachers provide s tudents with lists of books that fit within their reading and interest level.
Teachers provide scaffolding.
Teachers provide service to the external community.
Teachers provide service to their department, college, and university.
Teachers provide services and function as role models, and they make a difference.
Teachers provide specialized instruction to reinforce and supplement classroom learning.
Teachers provide specific ways for each individual to learn.
Teachers provide students with a unique language which unifies and connects knowledge.
Teachers provide students with lists of books that fit within their reading and interest level.
Teachers provide study guides for each chapter or lesson.
Teachers provide suggestions for texts and supplementary materials at the higher levels.
Teachers provide suggestions for texts and supplementary materials for all levels.
Teachers provide support for each other both intra- and intermurally to facilitate change.
Teachers provide texts and supplementary materials at the higher levels.
Teachers provide the best instruction for other teachers.
Teachers provide the essential connection between students and the content they are learning.
Teachers provide the objectives and direction.
Teachers provide the plaster and other materials.
Teachers provide the right answers during the testing.
Teachers provide the secretary with a list of students registered to participate in each course.
Teachers provide their own transportation and weekend meals.
Teachers provide upright examples, the faith and assurance of responsible people.
Teachers provide written report cards at regularly scheduled intervals.
Teachers Provides for a sabbatical year of independent study.
Teachers Provides links to resources, online activities and many current events sites.
Teachers provides materials for educators.
Teachers Provides quality resources for teachers to use in the classroom.
Teachers publish on the school's intranet server.
Teachers pull materials from many different areas.
Teachers punish boys more often than they punish girls.
Teachers pursue course work and inservices needed for credentials and advancement.
Teachers push administrators.
Teachers push parents to get their children to bed earlier.
Teachers Push the system in ways that ensure a quality education for all students.
Teachers put information into their electronic grade book and the rest is totally automatic.
Teachers put information into their electronic gradebook and the rest is totally automatic.
Teachers qualify if they are employed at such an academic institution.
Teachers quarterly identify students deserving a positive call from the principal.
Teachers question behavior.
Teachers quickly gain the pupil confidence by their positive, caring attitude.
Teachers quickly respond to requests and special needs.
Teachers quit helping each other, and the overall quality of instruction declines.
Teachers quit their class rooms.
Teachers rally to cover the classes of a colleague whose child becomes ill.
Teachers rate parental involvement as their top priority.
Teachers reach ages.
Teachers reaching out to teachers is an authentic way to achieve that support system.
Teachers reacquaint themselves with the joy and challenge of learning something new.
Teachers react more strongly to class size changes when teaching below-average students.
Teachers read a statement and discussed the accident with their students at the start of classes.
Teachers read a story.
Teachers read about the issue in advance.
Teachers read aloud.
Teachers read and discuss pertinent books and articles.
Teachers read and responded to three different types of research articles and two research findings.
Teachers read stories.
Teachers read the book and then provide the toad outlines.
Teachers read the journal entries and responded.
Teachers read thematically based stories at reading stations.
Teachers read to students daily.
Teachers readily admit limited knowledge of some subjects and discuss their fallibility.
Teachers reads to the class from the list of books on money and what it buys.
Teachers realize that homework completion has a direct impact on student success in the classroom.
Teachers realize the value of outdoor classrooms for the teaching of ecological relationships.
Teachers really dislike to see children who have to go to the principal.
Teachers really do want children to learn, to understand and to gain knowledge.
Teachers really feel good when they see and hear good things about former students.
Teachers really worry about that.
Teachers reap sizable benefits as well.
Teachers receive a competitive salary and are able to enjoy all the attractions of Taiwan in full.
Teachers receive a confirmation letter and teacher's guide prior to the class's visit.
Teachers receive a curriculum guide and training.
Teachers receive a curriculum guide to prepare their students for the field trip.
Teachers receive a curriculum guide to prepare their students for the trip.
Teachers receive a follow-up packet of books and activities.
Teachers receive a free packet of curriculum materials to use in class before and after the visit.
Teachers receive a full salary on exchange, and funding is available to cover travel costs.
Teachers receive a grant to cover their travel expenses and a full salary on exchange.
Teachers receive a letter of explaination about the program.
Teachers receive a list of available activities to choose from.
Teachers receive a monthly newsletter filled with classroom lessons.
Teachers receive a packet of curriculum materials upon receipt of deposit.
Teachers receive a report within minutes.
Teachers receive a salary, based according to certification, college degree and years of experience.
Teachers receive a stipend for classroom materials and lane credit is available.
Teachers receive a stipend for their participation in the program.
Teachers receive a summary of the day's attendance once the system has recorded parents' replies.
Teachers receive a teacher's guide and activities kit.
Teachers receive a video and other pre-visit materials to help prepare the students.
Teachers receive a winter classroom curriculum.
Teachers receive activities, materials, and a co-teaching experience in their classrooms.
Teachers receive additional assistance at regular intervals during implementation of the reform.
Teachers receive additional money and time for training.
Teachers receive an educational packet that provides a comprehensive introduction to each session.
Teachers receive an information and activity guide following each program.
Teachers receive communications about the specific topics being covered from week to week.
Teachers receive communications about the specific topics to be covered each week.
Teachers receive compensation to attend workshops only.
Teachers receive complete training in each subject taught.
Teachers receive complimentary teaching materials.
Teachers receive comprehensive study guides and in-service training.
Teachers receive content background, guidance on presenting activities, and problem solutions.
Teachers receive credits for their participation.
Teachers receive demonstrations, coaching and peer support within a feedback structure.
Teachers receive detailed documentation on computer programming and robot building.
Teachers receive extensive assistance and support as they begin the change process.
Teachers receive extensive previsit information, resources and activities.
Teachers receive extensive staff development.
Teachers receive extensive training in standards-based instruction.
Teachers receive feedback on their performance.
Teachers receive free curriculum and a field trip for their classes in the fall.
Teachers receive free e-mail and a Web page.
Teachers receive graduate credit for participating in the institute.
Teachers receive half of the net course fees collected from students.
Teachers receive hands-on training and resource materials.
Teachers receive hands-on training, lesson plans and materials for classroom use.
Teachers receive immediate specfic concrete information to work with.
Teachers receive in-service training in assessment process.
Teachers receive instructional materials and curriculum activities for student enrichment programs.
Teachers receive lesson plans with confirmation.
Teachers receive lists of their students at the end of the regular registration.
Teachers receive materials and resources.
Teachers receive monthly catalogs featuring a wide selection of software at special low prices .
Teachers receive monthly catalogs featuring software from the top publishers at special low prices .
Teachers receive motivated students and knowledge critical to the information economy.
Teachers receive new practice sending and receiving e-mail.
Teachers receive notes.
Teachers receive nutrition education kits, lesson plans and classroom activities.
Teachers receive official e-mail correspondence of acceptance to project.
Teachers receive one complimentary admission per class for an adult chaperone.
Teachers receive one credit of continuing education for attending the workshop.
Teachers receive one-day training with a facilitator in preperation for job shadowing experiences.
Teachers receive ongoing professional development.
Teachers receive packets of monthly activities.
Teachers receive preparatory materials prior to their visit.
Teachers receive raises based on the results of the tests their students take.
Teachers receive raises based on the tests their students take.
Teachers receive re-certification credit, activity ideas and resources.
Teachers receive regular supervision from the principal.
Teachers receive release time to conduct home visits.
Teachers receive science, research, leadership, and pedagogical training.
Teachers receive small salaries and are unappreciated by the society in general.
Teachers receive staff development credit for their work during the week.
Teachers receive starvation wages and many decide to leave the profession.
Teachers receive stipends for conferences they conduct in off-hours to accommodate parents.
Teachers receive sustained, high quality professional development.
Teachers receive teacher's manual and other materials.
Teachers receive technical support to ensure ease of use for faculty and students.
Teachers receive the e-mail, finish registration, and enter student assessment information.
Teachers receive the newly revised activities manuals.
Teachers receive their Registration Number and register the program.
Teachers receive three continuing-education credits for their participation.
Teachers receive three hours of tuition-free graduate credit.
Teachers receive training and materials.
Teachers receive training and module materials to use in their classrooms.
Teachers receive training and sometimes incorporate the lessons into regular classes.
Teachers receive training and support to manage assessment.
Teachers receive training and work in teams.
Teachers receive training in computer programming and robot building.
Teachers receive training in understanding and using test results.
Teachers receive training on how to respond in crisis situations.
Teachers receive training on the use and implementation of computers and advanced calculators.
Teachers receive tuition for classes in the area of their teaching field.
Teachers receive weekly printouts for each team portfolio and team rankings.
Teachers receive written feedback on all parts of the process.
Teachers receives recognition for their contributions to the website through incentives.
Teachers recognise diversity and work to ensure the rights of individuals to develop.
Teachers recognise the complexity of the causes of bullying.
Teachers recognize individual differences in their students and adjust their practice accordingly.
Teachers recognize that frequent absences are often a sign of other problems.
Teachers recognize that learning is dynamic and engage in self-reflection and change.
Teachers recognize that some students have stronger technology skills than others.
Teachers recognize the book as a great tool for honing students' observation skills.
Teachers recognize the importance of civic education in preparing young people for citizenship.
Teachers recognize the investment the Manitoba government is making in public schools.
Teachers recognize the learning problems faced by such students, but avoid the labels.
Teachers recommend and sign classes for students.
Teachers recommend students for advanced placement according to how well they do on tests.
Teachers recommend students for intervention classes.
Teachers recommend that students have deodorant and a towel in there locker for daily use.
Teachers record real data from their plan book onto a template on the computer.
Teachers record the comments while they are being said and the sheet is presented to the child.
Teachers record the homework assignments using any touch-tone phone.
Teachers record the path of the sun.
Teachers record what children say on big chart paper.
Teachers refer students for tutoring.
Teachers refer students to the program.
Teachers refer to it as 'de inturnet box thing'.
Teachers refer to real world science issues and problems in their lessons.
Teachers refine and expand their expertise in classroom practice, collaborative skills and research.
Teachers refine their knowledge of writing goals and objectives as well as task descriptions.
Teachers refine their skills through reflecting upon elements of their instruction.
Teachers reflect on teaching practice and engage in professional development.
Teachers reflect on teaching practice by evaluating continually the effects of instruction.
Teachers register and, as a general rule, evaluate their students.
Teachers register to receive training in both the internet and technology integration.
Teachers register to sign up for a free account.
Teachers regularly assess student progress.
Teachers regularly attend and present workshops aimed at improving reading instruction.
Teachers regularly bemoan the lack of study skills among their students.
Teachers regularly collaborate on curriculum, outcomes, and evaluation measures.
Teachers regularly encounter problems in their professional practice.
Teachers regularly evaluate students' writing and inform students of their progress.
Teachers regularly find links to use during curriculum projects.
Teachers regularly have students read aloud for many valuable reasons.
Teachers regularly observe, coach, and provide feedback to each other.
Teachers regularly participate in staff development and present their work at conferences.
Teachers regularly schedule parent conferences to enhance students' educational opportunities.
Teachers regularly take their classses to our self-access facilities and help is always at hand .
Teachers reinforce each other's activities.
Teachers reinforce values in their actions and words.
Teachers reject tying their compensation to student performance on standardized tests.
Teachers relate to the development of students with a positive attitude and spirit of cooperation.
Teachers rely heavily on textbooks.
Teachers rely heavily on the assistance the tutors provide to enhance their impact in the classroom.
Teachers rely instead on modules from a number of sources and create some materials themselves.
Teachers rely on a variety of sources when deciding which topics to teach.
Teachers rely to a large extent on learning materials.
Teachers rely upon copy machines to prepare materials for their classes.
Teachers remain a school's most valuable resource.
Teachers remain critical of the role parents play in their children's education.
Teachers remain employed by their school districts.
Teachers remain in attendance.
Teachers remain in the classroom and staff provides support.
Teachers remain unchanged in their opposition to basing promotion from grade to grade on exams.
Teachers remain with class for information.
Teachers remain with their students until they are given the all clear signal.
Teachers remind students to look at their hand.
Teachers render studies in physical education, and the arts, including music.
Teachers repeat topics unnecessarily, or fail to bring the subject to life.
Teachers report a group of students who are organizing against the test.
Teachers report a still-emerging college prep curriculum and low morale among the staff.
Teachers report all day.
Teachers report an improvement in reading, math skills, and overall academic achievement.
Teachers report an overall improvement in collegial support among staff.
Teachers report and exhibit greater familiarity and comfort with alternative teaching methods.
Teachers report both enhanced student engagement and performance.
Teachers report enjoying and benefiting from alternative teaching methods.
Teachers report feeling more effective in their teaching and management of student problem behavior.
Teachers report fewer classroom disruptions.
Teachers report fewer fights and more caring student behavior.
Teachers report how our shows have opened new worlds for their children.
Teachers report increased levels of aggression and more injuries.
Teachers report increasing use of varied instructional strategies based on best practice research.
Teachers report many children falling asleep in class.
Teachers report new levels of confidence in helping students learn through aesthetic education.
Teachers report of half of the class bringing dad's shooter to school.
Teachers report positive advances for their learners.
Teachers report records to school's textbook office.
Teachers report requests from students to miss recess in order to go to the computer lab.
Teachers report saving four to twelve hours in planning and reorder time.
Teachers report that ethnic cliques and racial stereotypes are already evident among third-graders.
Teachers report that motivating students to learn is one of their most difficult challenges.
Teachers report that one-third of children entering kindergarten are unprepared for school.
Teachers report that our workshops make an extremely productive PD day.
Teachers report that primary students are writing more now than in the past.
Teachers report that regular participation in collaborative activities improves their teaching.
Teachers report that social promotion is down and summer school attendance is up.
Teachers report that students have a mixed level of technical abilities and knowledge.
Teachers report that the curriculum and teaching aids re complicated and time consuming.
Teachers report that the problem children who are drugged are more cooperative in class.
Teachers report that the use of instructional materials is integral to classroom instruction.
Teachers report that they have found new belief in themselves and in their students.
Teachers report that they have learned as much as the youth about other religious beliefs.
Teachers report that they plan for instruction in ways which use as many intelligences as possible.
Teachers report their role in the classroom changing.
Teachers report their students are getting bored with the Web.
Teachers report they're spending more time with problem readers.
Teachers report to school.
Teachers reports of how they perceive and cope with problem students.
Teachers represent a majority on the board.
Teachers represent public and private elementary and secondary schools from across the state.
Teachers represent the first line of mental health defense.
Teachers request on-site and ongoing training.
Teachers request speakers from the list of volunteers and their talks.
Teachers request texts appropriate for their particular student.
Teachers request workshops and seminars on effective teaching in diverse classrooms.
Teachers require a community among themselves on which to base their practice.
Teachers require a range of academic and personal skills.
Teachers require no special background or training.
Teachers require ongoing pedagogical and technological support.
Teachers require students to come for tutorial help whenever it is needed.
Teachers require students to read orally.
Teachers require students to use computers for almost everything.
Teachers require students.
Teachers require that homework be brought to school each day.
Teachers require that papers are handed in on time.
Teachers require that students be accountable for their academic work.
Teachers research and choose the hardware, software and web sites to be used in their classrooms.
Teachers research teacher talk.
Teachers research the roles of bioethics in education in general.
Teachers resent unruly students because of the affect it has on their classes.
Teachers reserve the right to control lighting, noise levels, and arrangement of furniture.
Teachers residing outside the campus can avail regular transport facilities to and from the campus.
Teachers resource for technology direct source of online teaching materials, lesson plans, etc.
Teachers resource, class resource, preschool resource.
Teachers resources online.
Teachers respect the children, their feelings, and their abilities.
Teachers respond enthusiastically with a definite commitment to teaching as ministry.
Teachers respond positively to older children's needs for humor and friendly touching.
Teachers respond respectfully and sincerely.
Teachers respond to a roommate questionnaires to aid in pairing.
Teachers respond to and expand upon the children's interests in all areas.
Teachers respond to any questions or concerns.
Teachers respond to children who are curious, self-disciplined, and responsible.
Teachers respond to children's interests and initiative whenever possible.
Teachers respond to student learning styles.
Teachers retain all intellectual rights to their lessons.
Teachers retain the right to say no to water in their particular classroom.
Teachers return from their leaves without losing seniority.
Teachers return the money after five years or when they sell their home.
Teachers return to work a few days before that.
Teachers return today to begin preparations.
Teachers return year after year to further enhance their science curriculum.
Teachers review all aspects of the code, in detail.
Teachers review and adjust groups often, moving students when achievement levels change.
Teachers review extensively, and provide study guides.
Teachers review new student records in a timely manner to ensure proper placement.
Teachers review school rules at the beginning of each year.
Teachers review software during each workshop.
Teachers review the programs with parents and school administrators.
Teachers review the texts and curriculum and help design the program for the next year.
Teachers reward girls for being . . . .
Teachers reward students for getting it right.
Teachers rewriting course-work is on the increase.
Teachers rotate among class members.
Teachers rotate duties on a weekly basis using the Adult Bible Study Series.
Teachers rotate each week and the class enjoys lectures and active discussion.
Teachers rotate materials, introducing new ones, and reintroducing old ones.
Teachers rotate, teaching and leading an active class discussion.
Teachers routinely call for more information or to report a unique discovery.
Teachers routinely coordinate curriculum.
Teachers routinely entertain small groups of students at their homes, and after school events.
Teachers rub their backs or croon and sing songs in low voices at nap time.
Teachers run a marathon every day from the moment they arrive at school until they leave at night.
Teachers run the daily schedule by preparing for the day's lessons.
Teachers save hours preparing classroom materials.
Teachers save significant amounts of time on administrative tasks.
Teachers save time and money using on-line materials.
Teachers save time.
Teachers say arts can benefit students emotionally.
Teachers say block scheduling lightens their homework, as well.
Teachers say children learn just as much while they are on holidays as they do sitting at a desk.
Teachers say digital cheaters used to be easier to catch because they made more careless mistakes.
Teachers say it is extremely easy to use, and parents wonder how they ever got along without it.
Teachers say it's all about professional growth, about becoming better at what they do every day.
Teachers say it's also a more effective way of learning than textbooks alone.
Teachers say it's an easy, friendly curriculum.
Teachers say leaps in learning and accomplishments already are evident.
Teachers say long hours are damaging their work and home lives.
Teachers say many of their American students are shocked and moved by it.
Teachers say mixed grouping appears to help children who are behind.
Teachers Say Our tutor was wonderful.
Teachers say parents are always there to go on a field trip, help out in class, raise money.
Teachers say pride in a successful project is reward enough.
Teachers say that any recognition by students makes it all worthwhile.
Teachers say that has demoralized some youngsters.
Teachers say that it is much easier to teach.
Teachers say that many seemingly small things parents do can help their children succeed at school.
Teachers say that parents demand more of it.
Teachers say that smaller groups can help kids feel included.
Teachers say that starting pay stays at that level for the first three years of the contract.
Teachers say that students in smaller classes pay better attention and ask more questions too.
Teachers say that such absenteeism makes it extremely difficult to teach.
Teachers say that they also feel it when health center services are cut back.
Teachers say that they have no incentives to get involved.
Teachers say that's the kiss of death.
Teachers say the authors help motivate students to write about what they know.
Teachers say the computers also bring out the best in many students because they're fun to use.
Teachers say the curriculum is too restrictive.
Teachers say the difficulty is making sure that the lessons are fair.
Teachers say the IDs are helpful.
Teachers say the kids are really involved, and are having a great time while they're learning.
Teachers say the museum provides students with an awareness of slavery, with a local emphasis.
Teachers say the new system goes beyond allowing school districts to deal with emergencies.
Teachers say the practice HAS paid off.
Teachers say the program teaches students strategies for focusing on their academic performance.
Teachers say the test is tough.
Teachers say the wealth of Internet sources makes plagiarism tempting and easy.
Teachers say they are thankful for the additional help.
Teachers say they are, indeed, a community of practice and reflection.
Teachers say they enjoy their teaching freedom and the quiet environment.
Teachers say they have come to hold much higher expectations for all students.
Teachers say they have outdated materials, or shortages of curriculum.
Teachers say they never have enough time to work 'hands on' with students.
Teachers say they retain material better.
Teachers say they return to their schools motivated, excited and full of new ideas.
Teachers say they try to incorporate energy conservation into the curriculum.
Teachers say they want to help, but come on as aggressors.
Teachers say they'd rather work toward a master's degree, which brings a higher paycheck.
Teachers say they're also protesting because they're tired of being left out of key decisions.
Teachers say turning math problems into real-life situations is most effective with students.
Teachers say, in the last decade, the classroom has become a far less creative place.
Teachers says they're keen students for all types of dance.
Teachers schedule a common time for collaboration and curriculum integration.
Teachers schedule their classes in the open lab for writing and research projects.
Teachers schedule their classroom for the computer lab.
Teachers schedule time for students in a variety of ways.
Teachers schedule time in lab for indiv.
Teachers score assessment exercises and set performance standards.
Teachers score assessments and discuss criteria, rubrics, and anchor papers.
Teachers score the portfolios based upon predetermined criteria.
Teachers score the student work using a state scoring guide.
Teachers score the tests and turn in the results to the principal.
Teachers score the writing assessments using rubrics developed by a state advisory committee.
Teachers score their performances in analysis, cooperation, and persuasion.
Teachers score writing samples.
Teachers scream themselves hoarse to a keep a class in order.
Teachers scrutinize their grades closely before the final posting for grade card printing.
Teachers search for a subject of interest and receive a list of relevant activities.
Teachers search the database of available experts, choose one, and request a match.
Teachers see adequate income and health and social services as part of an integrated whole.
Teachers see all the children that go without.
Teachers see an increase in student motivation.
Teachers see an increased interest in and awareness of students in their global community.
Teachers see and appreciate our educational strategies, content and presentation style.
Teachers see each child as a unique individual who is developing at an individual rate.
Teachers see evidence of improved reading skills such as comprehension and vocabulary.
Teachers see it all.
Teachers see it everyday through their students.
Teachers see it in their kids' interest.
Teachers see many students working harder to clean up their files.
Teachers see our kids every day.
Teachers see passage of the bond issue as pivotal to the district, too.
Teachers see professional study and research groups as part of their role.
Teachers see proof.
Teachers see schools.
Teachers see so many faces coming in and out of their classrooms.
Teachers see staff development participation as essential to being professional.
Teachers see students.
Teachers see the payoff in improved classroom management and many other areas, so they love it.
Teachers see the results.
Teachers see the Teaching link.
Teachers see their role as guides for each child's self-development to full independence.
Teachers see value in a follow-up learning event.
Teachers see what's being missed.
Teachers seek advancement.
Teachers seek an active partnership with parents.
Teachers seek any remaining workshop tickets.
Teachers seek each other's help without concern.
Teachers seek education.
Teachers seek information.
Teachers seek parent and family involvement and support.
Teachers seek students' view and use it in subsequent lessons.
Teachers seek the advice of others and draw on research and scholarship to improve their practice.
Teachers seek the correct answer to validate student learning.
Teachers seek the correct answers to validate student lessons.
Teachers seek the skills and knowledge necessary to teach reading effectively.
Teachers seem dedicated.
Teachers seem to allow very little variation in the way mathematics is taught and presented.
Teachers seem to be considered second to buildings and computers.
Teachers seem to be exploring Internet technology more at home than in the schools.
Teachers seem to be less comfortable using computers than students.
Teachers seem to be moving away from formal assessment and relying on alternative testing methods.
Teachers seem to be resistant to reporting difficult students to the disciplinarian.
Teachers seem to crave society's respect more than anything else.
Teachers seem to have a hard time attending due to sub issues.
Teachers seem to have a warm and fuzzy place in the hearts of the general public.
Teachers seem to have forgotten their task over the past two decades.
Teachers seem to learn best when taught by other teachers.
Teachers seem to like the supplemental way to teach students about fire safety.
Teachers seem to welcome their students' responses.
Teachers Select a link on the left to go to the specific department.
Teachers select a starting point based on their own goals.
Teachers select a theme based on what they are working on with their students in the classroom.
Teachers select and plan the use of text-based electronic material in the classroom situation.
Teachers select classroom management tips and ideas.
Teachers select from a wide variety of materials, including textbooks and other books.
Teachers select materials based on how well they match the standards.
Teachers select one senior student as academy leader for the year.
Teachers select one student a month from their class.
Teachers select participating local libraries to be notified of research assignments.
Teachers select participating school and public libraries to be notified of research assignments.
Teachers select questions from the question library to meet the needs of the specific student .
Teachers select questions from the question library to meet the needs of the specific student.
Teachers select quizzes for students to access in the classroom, library, or at home.
Teachers select six issues and receive one copy of the six issues for their students.
Teachers select students according to their individual needs and interests.
Teachers select texts carefully to encourage fluency.
Teachers select the art for judging and give recognition to all the participating students.
Teachers select the best combination of music, movement, text, and visual images.
Teachers select the day and dates of delivery.
Teachers select the number of problems and the beginning and ending rules for worksheets.
Teachers select their own student partners.
Teachers select titles which the students can read and take quizzes on.
Teachers select to work with curriculum materials in one of their selected topics.
Teachers select topics that are developmentally appropriate and interesting to their students.
Teachers select, evaluate and plan a lesson around a simulation.
Teachers sell exams, take bribes and trade sex from their students in exchange for grades.
Teachers sell exams, take bribes, trade incestuous sex with their students.
Teachers send a short email, listing their school, location, and how many bags they decorated.
Teachers send e-mail messages to their colleagues, the main office and the media center.
Teachers send grades and comments home on all students at the end of each quarter.
Teachers send home class newsletters on a regular basis.
Teachers send home postcards to share good news with parents.
Teachers send home special messages and they make phone calls to parents as needed.
Teachers send home weekly progress reports.
Teachers send in assignments.
Teachers send in the number of teeth lost each month.
Teachers send individual classroom expectations home on the first day of school.
Teachers send out presidential appeal .
Teachers send out weekly or biweekly news on class studies as well.
Teachers send the message that students can succeed.
Teachers send weekly reports on each student to the student's advisor.
Teachers send written invitations home with each child prior to the event.
Teachers separate the kids by age and organize age-appropriate activities.
Teachers serve a dual role as academic and personal supports.
Teachers serve as a crucial emotional bridge for a child at times of loss.
Teachers serve as active, positive role models for our students.
Teachers serve as advisors to designated groups of students.
Teachers serve as bridges connecting students to the curriculum, and the student to the community.
Teachers serve as chaperones on all trips and the students have a wonderful time.
Teachers serve as counselors, making themselves available twenty-four hours a day.
Teachers serve as facilitators and ensure learning for all.
Teachers serve as facilitators of student activities rather than the sole givers of knowledge.
Teachers serve as facilitators to guide children's learning through hands-on experiences.
Teachers serve as linguistic role models.
Teachers serve as pipelines and seek to transfer their thoughts and meanings to the passive student.
Teachers serve as role models who display high self-esteem and a positive attitude.
Teachers serve in the role of guides, monitors, coaches, tutors and facilitators.
Teachers serve on one or more committees, and model leadership skills.
Teachers serve on the AAC on a two year, rotating basis.
Teachers Serve on the school and district visioning team.
Teachers serving under such an admissions policy, however, sometimes forget.
Teachers set aside time before and after school for students.
Teachers set clear guidelines on how to put chemicals together.
Teachers set high expectations and create challenging learning experiences for students.
Teachers set high expectations and follow equitable practices in dealing with students.
Teachers set high expectations and follow equitable practices.
Teachers set high expectations for learning that are responsive to individual needs and differences.
Teachers set high expectations for their own performance.
Teachers set monthly reading goals for students.
Teachers set monthly reading goals for their students.
Teachers set monthly reading goals, and students are awarded certificates when they reach the goal.
Teachers set reading goals for their classes.
Teachers set up extended units of work which include the use of computers as a part of the unit.
Teachers set up stations which allow students and their parents to learn about and experience math.
Teachers shadow teachers, students shadow students, and parents talk with parents.
Teachers shape the future as they prepare our children.
Teachers shape the student's way of thinking and lay the foundation for future decisions.
Teachers share a laugh as they invent creative slapstick solutions to everyday life activites.
Teachers share a vision at a rhetorical level.
Teachers share best practices in formal and informal settings.
Teachers share class projects and teaching techniques.
Teachers share common goals and work with all groups to achieve the goals.
Teachers share effective models with other teachers.
Teachers share ideas about writing and the teaching of writing.
Teachers share ideas and discuss problems informally over coffee as well as in faculty meetings.
Teachers share ideas for teaching about fibers and spinning.
Teachers share in specialties, field trips and other activities.
Teachers share lesson ideas and creative tips here.
Teachers share responsibility where appropriate with students.
Teachers share skills and model wonder and curiosity.
Teachers share successes and help each other discover good read-alouds.
Teachers share teaching responsibilities.
Teachers share the morning recess duty and have a duty-free lunch period.
Teachers share the planning area, which has interior windows so the classroom can be seen.
Teachers share their approaches and observations.
Teachers share their language instruction ideas over an outdoor lunch.
Teachers share their lesson plans, and use students one minute goals to create the lesson plans.
Teachers share their own writing with students and invite students' critiques.
Teachers share their suggestions.
Teachers Share Their Views.
Teachers share tips, exchange ideas, and explore principles of teaching and learning.
Teachers share, however, the value placed upon the learning process.
Teachers shift from authority to facilitator.
Teachers should have strategies.
Teachers show a limited understanding of the meaning and practices of multiculturalism.
Teachers show examples.
Teachers show how they form and support groups, keeping the structure fresh and productive.
Teachers show kids how to throw yo-yos.
Teachers show live problems to the class and then suggest the underlying physics.
Teachers show students a valuable way to use math concepts and skills.
Teachers show students that their experiences and feelings are valued.
Teachers show students what to do and where to go if a tornado happens while they are at school.
Teachers show students.
Teachers show their dancers how to be a good winner, and a good loser.
Teachers show videos throughout the school year.
Teachers sign up for many projects that they incorporate into their lessons.
Teachers sign up in advance for use of the library by their classes.
Teachers sign up their class .
Teachers sign up their classes for visits in the afternoon.
Teachers sign up to come use it.
Teachers sign up to use the lab mainly for social studies and science lessons.
Teachers sign when a book is returned to the box.
Teachers sign words such as stand, sit, line-up, and begin .
Teachers simply access an Internet page, enter their password and update the information.
Teachers simply choose their school and their name from the popup menus.
Teachers simply fear the response of religious fundamentalists in their communities.
Teachers simultaneously use pictures to illustrate and words to explain some issues of a lesson.
Teachers sit down with parents and discuss learning goals for each child.
Teachers skip presentation and work on developing computer skills.
Teachers slap kids on the head, etc. when they are unruly.
Teachers slave over grading assignments and setting up projects.
Teachers speak from the frontlines of Iowa's education crisis.
Teachers speak of having good 'breath support'.
Teachers speak to everybody in class, everyday.
Teachers speak up about managing technology.
Teachers specialize in certain types of disabilities and are trained accordingly.
Teachers spend a few days at the company shadowing employees.
Teachers spend a great deal of their time on nonteaching- related activities.
Teachers spend a lot of time explaining how math works along with problem solving skills.
Teachers spend about twice the time one on one with individual students.
Teachers spend almost all classroom time in learning activities.
Teachers spend countless hours annually working with our students.
Teachers spend eight half-days during the school year in training and workshops.
Teachers spend extra time after school.
Teachers spend four days each week working in a laboratory in a laboratory with a mentor.
Teachers spend four to eight weeks of summer in full-time independent study in the arts.
Teachers spend half of each day working individually with children selected for the program.
Teachers spend half the year teaching the test instead of real classroom instruction.
Teachers spend less time diagnosing student needs and setting up classroom procedures.
Teachers spend less time on administration and more time on student-centered activities.
Teachers spend long periods of time on their feet.
Teachers spend many hours planning and preparing.
Teachers spend more time on instruction and less time on discipline problems.
Teachers spend more time on instruction and students spend more time on learning.
Teachers spend more time on laboratory work and demonstrations.
Teachers spend more time with students and have more time to prepare for class.
Teachers spend one day in a local company, often working to complete a specific project.
Teachers spend substantial time on prewriting activities.
Teachers spend the entire day, including lunchtime, with students.
Teachers spend the second half of the day improving their own skills.
Teachers spend the week learning how to evaluate water quality.
Teachers spend their days dealing with various forms of assessments.
Teachers spend their lives in a social interchange with students, peers, and their community.
Teachers spend time investigating, developing, and sharing curricular innovations.
Teachers spend time planning the integration of activities into lesson plans and units.
Teachers spend time researching the questions posed and meet to discuss the findings.
Teachers stack books and other lesson paraphernalia outside their doors.
Teachers start off by designing a personalized Web site.
Teachers start the process in motion by enrolling in one of the many orientation workshops.
Teachers statewide use the same criteria.
Teachers stay after school to sculpt and paint.
Teachers stay available and flexible, to better suit students' needs.
Teachers stay in contact by newsletters and regional site meetings.
Teachers stay in place.
Teachers stay in the district and there is low staff turnover.
Teachers stay tuned to kids who are involved.
Teachers stay with the same students for several years in a row.
Teachers steer the discussion in a way that encourages comments from each child at some point.
Teachers step forward without fear.
Teachers still can discuss the world's religions.
Teachers still feel over-worked and lacking in support from the community.
Teachers still have huge reservations about the scheme.
Teachers still hold on to outdated instructional models and innovations remain wishful thinking.
Teachers still hold their regular office hours to discuss questions with students.
Teachers still rely on much of the same tools and content that they used a century ago.
Teachers still rely on the traditional lecture approach for instruction.
Teachers still teach students how to use the abacus around the world today.
Teachers stimulate children to be inquisitive and self-confident.
Teachers stop by for tips on dealing with behavior.
Teachers stop trying to adapt instruction to technology and reflect on the actual craft of teaching.
Teachers store information of all kinds including recipes, leaves, children's books, etc.
Teachers stress beginning consonant sounds, vowel sounds, number skills, and language development.
Teachers stress depth of understanding.
Teachers stress how much community service, leadership and grades are important.
Teachers stress the importance of excellence and a finely finished piece of work.
Teachers strive to be aware of each child's mental, physical, and emotional needs and potential.
Teachers strive to challenge the learner while nurturing a lifelong love of learning.
Teachers strive to customize classes to whatever the students are interested in.
Teachers strive to differentiate the curriculum to meet the needs of each student.
Teachers strive to find the best in their students, even where some see little hope.
Teachers strive to know the needs of each student.
Teachers strive to leave the world a little bit better than they found it.
Teachers strive to provide individual attention to students during classes.
Teachers strive to reach benchmarks for their student's reading achievement.
Teachers strive to update their information weekly .
Teachers strive to utilize manipulatives as they plan exploratory, practical learning experiences.
Teachers strongly disagree, defending tolerance as a civic virtue.
Teachers structure the class to reflect their church's worship services.
Teachers struggle every day with motivating students to read and understand.
Teachers struggle to keep up with the demands of their classes.
Teachers struggle with writing critical-thinking questions.
Teachers struggle, children struggle.
Teachers struggle, students struggle, and everyone loses.
Teachers study computers.
Teachers study current theory and research in the expanding role of writing as an educational tool.
Teachers study the Bible using the key themes to prepare for each lesson.
Teachers study the manmade and natural factors affecting Long Island Sound.
Teachers study the materials and consider new strategies to enhance instruction.
Teachers study the outlines to understand what is to be covered.
Teachers submit a Goal III application proposing a collaborative action research project.
Teachers submit a nomination form.
Teachers submit a videotape and a written commentary.
Teachers submit a written commentary and student artifacts in response to assessments.
Teachers submit a written commentary and supporting artifacts.
Teachers submit a written commentary and the work samples from the selected child.
Teachers submit an application online to share information about their projects.
Teachers submit applications describing projects or methods they use in the classroom.
Teachers submit outstanding poetry or prose to a committee of student judges.
Teachers submit request for field trips to the principal for review and approval.
Teachers submit requests and sign ups are held within the first two weeks of classes.
Teachers submit the nominees to the principal.
Teachers submit winning entries for a final judging by volunteer judges.
Teachers subscribe to the service, which provides a range of resources for use in the classroom.
Teachers suffer from being misassigned.
Teachers suggest assessments.
Teachers supervise and direct the carpool procedure.
Teachers supervise group reading of young adult novels to promote oral reading accuracy.
Teachers supervise student telementoring projects.
Teachers supervise students when being dropped off or picked up at school.
Teachers supervise the children at arrival and dismissal times.
Teachers supervise the playground before, during and after school to ensure a safe campus.
Teachers supplement instruction with a wide variety of media.
Teachers supplement the program with various other materials, as needed.
Teachers supply students with exemplars of high quality work that meets the performance standard.
Teachers support children in expressing themselves and reaching solutions together.
Teachers support extending the school year for staff development, provided they are compensated.
Teachers support one another as they make decisions about curriculum, instruction, and assessment.
Teachers support students.
Teachers support the children as they learn to negotiate and express their needs in acceptable ways.
Teachers support the club because it advances science and math skills in their students.
Teachers support the life experiences and languages of all students.
Teachers support the teaching profession.
Teachers sustain personalized instructional environments in a variety of small settings.
Teachers swear by it.
Teachers switch about every month so that no teacher has a steady stream of one or the other.
Teachers switch between whole class and flexible grouping as appropriate.
Teachers switch jobs.
Teachers take a break during an orientation field trip.
Teachers Take a critical look at current instructional practices.
Teachers take a flat sponge and cut out a cheese shape.
Teachers take a leaf cutout and put it onto a sheet of clear contact.
Teachers take a lot of work home.
Teachers take advantage of community resources.
Teachers take advantage of professional development in technology and actively participate.
Teachers take an active part in providing meaningful hands-on instruction to our students.
Teachers take an active role, from planning stages to the design.
Teachers take attendance and record grades on the school computer system.
Teachers take attendance at each class session.
Teachers take attendance at each class.
Teachers take class roster.
Teachers take classes to tour radio and television stations, city hall, and the local courts.
Teachers take collective responsibility for student learning.
Teachers take courses according to their own schedules.
Teachers take different activities to supervise throughout the year.
Teachers take full advantage of that support.
Teachers take it into account when nominating a student for a leadership role.
Teachers take latex gloves to playground duty and keep a pair in their desks.
Teachers take note.
Teachers take notes.
Teachers take on a new role in a computer lab.
Teachers take on a supporting role that affords the student greater autonomy.
Teachers take on an enormous multiplicity of tasks.
Teachers take on the role of mentors or coaches, as opposed to lecturers.
Teachers take ownership of the program from the start.
Teachers take part and pride in the school discipline program.
Teachers take pictures used for slides, prepare a video, and collect items from the local culture.
Teachers take reform into their classrooms and shape it in individual ways.
Teachers take responsibility for the success of every student.
Teachers take responsibility.
Teachers take roll after being evacuated.
Teachers take samples from ponds and canals near their school prior to the lab.
Teachers take students to the center to do art work, read, play games, etc.
Teachers take that stuff seriously.
Teachers take the information and enthusiasm back to the classroom.
Teachers take the lead in forming partnerships with businesses and other organizations.
Teachers take the newspaper and cut it into small strips, then lay out enough for each child.
Teachers take the responsibility for their classes' entries.
Teachers take the test.
Teachers take their kids to the computer lab and do it on their own.
Teachers take their students on field trips to educational sites both locally and out-of state.
Teachers take their students to walk through nature fall, winter and spring.
Teachers take time with the little things that count.
Teachers take time.
Teachers take turns coming in early to run a homework center and others volunteer after school.
Teachers take turns sharing at least one literacy idea.
Teachers talk .
Teachers talk about it often with their students.
Teachers talk about many things.
Teachers talk about student achievement improvement issues on a regular basis.
Teachers Talk About Teaching .
Teachers talk about test stress.
Teachers talk about the conditions under which they work.
Teachers talk about the pressure they and their students are under to perform well on the test.
Teachers talk about their commitment to teaching and why they teach.
Teachers talk and students listen.
Teachers talk boy into giving up weapons.
Teachers talk concretely about teaching as they observe other teachers.
Teachers talk of science and students think of play.
Teachers talk to mental health professionals about classroom problems via video conferencing.
Teachers talk to students as fellow readers.
Teachers talk, share, and communicate with one another regularly.
Teachers teach a different class level each week.
Teachers teach an integrated curriculum rather than one subject and then another.
Teachers teach and children listen.
Teachers teach as a team in each of the houses.
Teachers teach as much by personal example as by any other method.
Teachers teach as they are taught.
Teachers teach because of the intrinsic rewards they get from results in student achievement.
Teachers teach because they care.
Teachers teach behavior at school.
Teachers teach best when they are valued, empowered, and trusted.
Teachers teach children.
Teachers teach computers to teach.
Teachers teach each other the practice of teaching.
Teachers teach each other the practices of teaching.
Teachers teach efficiently and students learn and feel supported.
Teachers teach five periods and have a conference period.
Teachers teach for exams annual, semester and internal exams.
Teachers teach for four weeks in the workshop of their strength.
Teachers teach in different contexts and settings.
Teachers teach in many ways.
Teachers teach in much the same way as always.
Teachers teach more, and students learn more.
Teachers teach phonics to many students.
Teachers teach primarily by example.
Teachers teach principally by example.
Teachers teach sections of the handbook the first week of school and quiz students on the contents.
Teachers teach six classes a year compared to the five classes which they taught before the change.
Teachers teach social studies to their home room.
Teachers teach students .
Teachers teach students how to be good learners as well as good test-takers.
Teachers teach students.
Teachers teach teachers .
Teachers teach teachers best.
Teachers teach the first four levels.
Teachers teach the song first then introduce the game.
Teachers teach the way that they have been trained to teach.
Teachers teach their students to kill in their games, even the cartoons are full of violence.
Teachers teach thinking and problem solving skills.
Teachers teach thirty hours a week.
Teachers teach three courses each semester.
Teachers teach three of the four periods.
Teachers teach through chalk and talk.
Teachers teach, and students learn.
Teachers teach, but they also build relationships.
Teachers teach, farmers farm, and producers do drag shows.
Teachers team teach or share classroom management and instructional roles.
Teachers team together and plan lessons in weekly meetings.
Teachers tell another story.
Teachers tell of children with emotional disabilities running amok in class.
Teachers tell on teachers, students talk about irregularities.
Teachers tell stories of entire reports taken from CD encyclopedias.
Teachers tell students to walk, please, don' t run, in the halls.
Teachers tell the class what books to buy on the first day of class.
Teachers tell why Iowa's schools face future education crisis.
Teachers temporarily stop using technology to accomplish content.
Teachers tend to assume that the value of what they do is obvious and understood.
Teachers tend to be more committed to children with parental support.
Teachers tend to be well trained and there is generally a good place to rehearse.
Teachers tend to collect everything-thinking that sooner or later, it'll be useful.
Teachers tend to cover the visual and audio avenues.
Teachers tend to do what they have done from year to year.
Teachers tend to implement classroom practices that reflect their philosophical beliefs.
Teachers tend to include more true than false answers on true-false style tests.
Teachers tend to notice the change in the child, more so then the parents.
Teachers tend to praise high expectation students more.
Teachers tend to reject students who they perceive as overly active and distractable.
Teachers tend to repeat in their teaching styles what they themselves experienced.
Teachers tend to return annually with different students.
Teachers tend to speak more globally and address the system or the community.
Teachers tend to stay at the school.
Teachers tend to stay with high achievers longer after they have failed to answer a question.
Teachers tend to stress audition tips and tricks.
Teachers tend to teach in ways that they have found successful, with little feedback from others.
Teachers tend to teach what tests measure.
Teachers tend to think of eye protection as the main control measure to prevent injury.
Teachers tend to think of the basic skills as the three R's.
Teachers tend to think they are more important to the learning process than they actually are.
Teachers tend to use poor questioning techniques both in class and on tests.
Teachers tend to view the library media center as an extension of their own classroom.
Teachers tend to write test questions the night before a test.
Teachers test children and diagnose problems by the end of kindergarten.
Teachers test the activities, offer tips, and submit their own lessons.
Teachers test the paper airplanes they have made.
Teachers test their online pupils periodically to communicate and to assess their progress.
Teachers then add more exercises on creative writing to complete the activity.
Teachers then are in a dilemma.
Teachers then become liaisons with the home.
Teachers then begin research which they continue on the second and third day.
Teachers then build curriculum around what interests their students.
Teachers then can answer on their own time when it is convenient.
Teachers then complete an evaluation of each student who has applied.
Teachers then create their own science field research projects for their students.
Teachers then engage students in a variety of authentic activities related to the theme.
Teachers then evaluate students work to determine what areas to focus on in the classroom.
Teachers then go online to create lesson plans tied to the specific standards.
Teachers then have all the background material to make a decision.
Teachers then incorporate their experiences into classroom learning for their students.
Teachers then intervene when they can best help individual students.
Teachers then locate resources during their summer travels.
Teachers then move through each exercise.
Teachers then provide advanced courses to their peers in integration and applications.
Teachers then replay the tapes to their class at their convenience.
Teachers then return to their schools and implement their projects.
Teachers then select appropriate resources to meet the needs of their particular students.
Teachers then serve as local resources in their own school districts.
Teachers then submit their requests to their principal for review.
Teachers then take their experiences back to the classroom.
Teachers then think they are slow or have learning difficulties.
Teachers then use appropriate instruction strategies, as discussed in the previous section.
Teachers then use the benchmarks as a guide for making scoring judgments.
Teachers then use the computer findings to work further with students individually.
Teachers then use the images to illustrate the concepts they want to convey.
Teachers then use the knowledge and ideas they've shared to create richly literate classrooms.
Teachers then use the newspapers in activities that enhance the lessons and skills they teach.
Teachers then use the resources to enrich their curriculum.
Teachers then walk their groups quietly and calmly to their classrooms.
Teachers there make very little, but education level is very high.
Teachers there work hard to get their students thinking about and involved in the community.
Teachers therefore can impart knowledge and exercise control through their disciplinary expertise.
Teachers therefore expect certain rules to be obeyed, even if the rules are unwritten or unspoken.
Teachers therefore leave the workshop ready to teach some of what they have just learned.
Teachers think systematically about their practice and learn from experience.
Teachers think systematically about their practice and learn from their experiences.
Teachers think systematically about their practice and learning from experience.
Teachers think that a student who plagiarizes is dishonest.
Teachers think that as soon as school is out the day is over for teen-agers.
Teachers think that yo-yos are a nuisance and that they interfere with learning.
Teachers think their class is the only one that s important to the students.
Teachers thus play an emancipatory role.
Teachers tie the activities to their classroom as a regular part of the curriculum.
Teachers tie the experience into a class or course topic.
Teachers to provide demographic information.
Teachers to provide information.
Teachers to share information.
Teachers too come into the room to use the computer resources.
Teachers toolkit and guide.
Teachers touch on religion in teaching about different peoples.
Teachers touch the future.
Teachers touch the lives of young people and shape the course of the future.
Teachers track each student's progress on daily charts.
Teachers traditionally have no serious problem grading research papers.
Teachers train the older students how to become mentors.
Teachers train their students to work with each other productively, efficiently, and supportively.
Teachers trained in special education are among the most employable educators.
Teachers trained in the program serve one school or travel among three or four.
Teachers transfer increasing responsibility to the girls as they grow.
Teachers transmit facts and information that seems largely irrelevant to the children's lives.
Teachers travel free.
Teachers treat attractive children better than their unfortunate-looking peers.
Teachers treat each and every student very specially.
Teachers treat each student as an individual.
Teachers treat every student with respect.
Teachers treat males differently than females, and blacks differently than whites.
Teachers treat students as individuals.
Teachers treat students equitably and with respect.
Teachers treat students equitably.
Teachers treat students with respect.
Teachers truly are the key masters to the future of our children.
Teachers try new practices in their classrooms and then examine the results with other teachers.
Teachers try new ways to get pupils to learn.
Teachers try to attract more students to bigger schools so they can make more money.
Teachers try to be succinct but still give realistic indications of the student's progress.
Teachers try to capture the methane gas.
Teachers try to change that.
Teachers try to control everything at school to improve efficiency.
Teachers try to help, but have few resources and little time.
Teachers try to improve themselves in various ways.
Teachers try to increase the self esteem of the children in their care.
Teachers try to provide frequent feedback, basing grades and credit on performance.
Teachers try to read at least one story each day to their students.
Teachers try to save the world of all possible students from all probable failure.
Teachers try to stay in the background when it comes to academic material.
Teachers turn off lights and computers when they leave for the day.
Teachers tutor on the side and earn extra income.
Teachers typically are interested in students who come to school prepared.
Teachers typically associate giftedness with students who are compliant and obedient.
Teachers typically can readily report on requests that specific students refuse to follow.
Teachers typically find themselves alone in classrooms with too many children and too little time.
Teachers typically have little time for collaboration and are used to working in isolation.
Teachers typically instruct their pupils in the act of the five-paragraph structure for a paper.
Teachers typically introduce the subject several days or even weeks before the zoo arrives.
Teachers typically lack a productizing and marketing vehicle to disseminate their curriculum.
Teachers typically make the assumption that all students are on the same instructional level.
Teachers typically repeat students' answers.
Teachers typically use the concentrated prep time for meetings and workshops.
Teachers underestimate the intelligence of their black students, contributing to the test-score gap.
Teachers understand and accept the problems of growing up.
Teachers understand and support school curriculum goals.
Teachers understand and use a variety of effective teaching strategies.
Teachers understand children.
Teachers understand how students develop and learn.
Teachers understand how to manage and motivate children to learn.
Teachers understand just how much their students are influenced by what they see on the screen.
Teachers understand risks of opening books early - know procedures.
Teachers understand system theory and how to initiate and sustain meaningful change.
Teachers understand that children learn differently .
Teachers understand that children learn differently.
Teachers understand that they are role models for their students.
Teachers understand that, and they want a better background.
Teachers understand the community in which their school resides.
Teachers understand the impact of training better than just about anybody.
Teachers understand the importance of school breakfast programs.
Teachers understand the ways in which their teaching area connects to the broad curriculum.
Teachers understand, support, and perform in accordance with that mission.
Teachers undertake an Internet tutorial, and then develop a unit of learning.
Teachers upgrade their own computer skills with the help of a computer teaching assistant.
Teachers urge minority students to apply.
Teachers use a blackboard, chalks, duster and books.
Teachers use a combination of techniques - SRA, direct instruction and integrated content.
Teachers use a curriculum.
Teachers use a greater number of strategies in block than in traditionally scheduled classes.
Teachers use a greater variety of educational materials and teaching aids to help children learn.
Teachers use a greater variety of instructional approaches.
Teachers use a green space-alien hand puppet to talk children through stories.
Teachers use a highly effective center approach to facilitate learning by experience.
Teachers use a set of hand signals to guide their students through lessons.
Teachers use a simple, Web-based management console to assign lessons.
Teachers use a spiraled, recycled curriculum for repeated re-entry of vocabulary.
Teachers use a structural approach to teaching in the classroom.
Teachers use a variety of applications to support instructional management.
Teachers use a variety of approaches.
Teachers use a variety of assessment strategies.
Teachers use a variety of assessment tools.
Teachers use a variety of assessments to determine individual student programs.
Teachers use a variety of current teaching methods and instructional strategies.
Teachers use a variety of grouping patterns to accommodate different learning styles and rates.
Teachers use a variety of instructional methods.
Teachers use a variety of instructional strategies to meet the needs of a diverse group of learners.
Teachers use a variety of instructional tools to enhance student learning.
Teachers use a variety of materials, audio-visual and written to maintain a holiday atmosphere.
Teachers use a variety of methods to assess the progress of their students.
Teachers use a variety of methods to assess what students have learned.
Teachers use a variety of methods to meet individual learning styles.
Teachers use a variety of methods to teach problem solving.
Teachers use a variety of methods to teach.
Teachers use a variety of multi-sensory teaching techniques to enhance students' learning.
Teachers use a variety of software to support an extend classroom instruction.
Teachers use a variety of teaching strategies.
Teachers use a variety of teaching techniques, learning experiences and assessments.
Teachers use a variety of techniques to challenge all students.
Teachers use a variety of ways to assess student progress.
Teachers use a whole language approach to instruct students in the curricular area of language arts.
Teachers use a whole language approach to learning and utilize a realistic, hands-on approach.
Teachers use a wide range of instructional strategies.
Teachers use academic controversies to create intellectual challenge and inquiry.
Teachers use additional texts and teaching methods to enhance learning.
Teachers use all listed methods to judge students progress.
Teachers use all relevant educational technologies to enhance the learning process .
Teachers use alternative assessment, including portfolios.
Teachers use an assessment technology, or their own modified version of it, regularly.
Teachers use an integrated approach to language arts.
Teachers use an integrated curriculum, focusing on multi-disciplinary learning.
Teachers use an interview process to assess student motivation and interest.
Teachers use analyses.
Teachers use assessment strategies that are sensitive to diverse student populations.
Teachers use assessments.
Teachers use authentic assessment techniques.
Teachers use available technologies and reflect on their success in meeting goals.
Teachers use basal readers which introduce skills and vocabulary words in an ordered sequence.
Teachers use book reports as proof the book was read.
Teachers use booklets.
Teachers use both proven traditional techniques and the latest teaching innovations.
Teachers use chalk, and chalkboard and an eraser.
Teachers use classroom time flexibly.
Teachers use college campuses for workshops, seminars, and educational instruction.
Teachers use colorful squares pinned to a bulletin board to gauge students' behavior.
Teachers use computers for record keeping, research and class presentations.
Teachers use connected print to introduce reading to children.
Teachers use cooperative learning to develop team building and social skills.
Teachers use copies of student work as anchors for discussion.
Teachers use data from classroom tests, standardized tests, and classroom observations.
Teachers use demonstrations.
Teachers use dialogue journals for many reasons.
Teachers use different parts of the page for different classes.
Teachers use different ways to find out what their students have learned.
Teachers use differentiated instruction and flexible-skills groupings to meet all students needs.
Teachers use differentiated materials and strategies to enhance the curriculum.
Teachers use distance learning activities to supplement portions of their regular classrooms.
Teachers use electric shock to sample stream inhabitants.
Teachers use email to communicate with parents.
Teachers use email to correspond with colleagues and to participate in curricular projects.
Teachers use email to talk about project ideas with the museum staff.
Teachers use formal and informal measures collected in the classroom throughout the school year.
Teachers use forms to create virtual classrooms for grades, assignments, and class activities.
Teachers use frequent and ongoing evaluation in determining grades.
Teachers use games to teach and reinforce different concepts they have taught.
Teachers use games, roleplaying and examining real-life situations.
Teachers use gestures and pictures to help children understand English words and concepts.
Teachers use gestures to illustrate the simple ideas.
Teachers use good language skills, calm voice, and plan ahead to stop and handle aggression.
Teachers use grammar when analyzing literature.
Teachers use guidebooks to prepare lessons that work with the information found in the newspapers.
Teachers use guided reading as the primary teaching strategy for after school instruction.
Teachers use hands.
Teachers use hands-on approaches to learning, emphasizing experience, exploration, and inquiry.
Teachers use hands-on teaching whenever possible.
Teachers use hard discipline to get kids to follow directions.
Teachers use ideas.
Teachers use improved techniques and participate in ongoing staff development programs.
Teachers use information.
Teachers use innovative methods of teaching as they prepare students for success.
Teachers use inquiry-based teaching strategies that build on the concrete experiences of children.
Teachers use intensive, personal and direct instruction with the students.
Teachers use interesting projects to teach the curriculum.
Teachers use interesting techniques to make the classes fun and lively.
Teachers use it as a way to help students learn logic, deduction, mathmatics, and teamwork.
Teachers use it as well when conferencing with students about drafts of their writing assignments.
Teachers use it for developing curriculum topics.
Teachers use it for teaching aids.
Teachers use it in classes at various levels.
Teachers use it in the classroom, for example in language education and current awareness.
Teachers use it in their classes.
Teachers use it to affirm and enable students in the classroom.
Teachers use it to evade teaching or to avoid research in books.
Teachers use it to teach geography, business, government, current events, reading and math.
Teachers use it.
Teachers use labs as extensions of their own classrooms.
Teachers use laws to find a common ground for all students.
Teachers use literature based and cooperative learning techniques as they present the curriculum.
Teachers use literature books of all genres as the focal point of language arts instruction.
Teachers use magnetic letters for different purposes, and have different needs.
Teachers use many technical terms to label errors in punctuating ICs and DCs.
Teachers use materials based on the needs of students and themes.
Teachers use materials with which they are comfortable.
Teachers use metaphor to explain difficult concepts.
Teachers use modeling to show students how to adjust to different types of reading material.
Teachers use more varied teaching styles.
Teachers use multiple criteria, but can select any specific one for instructional purposes.
Teachers use multiple methods to meet their goals.
Teachers use norm-referenced tests to obtain formal, standardized scores.
Teachers use objective criteria to identify students at risk.
Teachers use observation and portfolios to measure the skills card components.
Teachers use of social comparison in the classroom.
Teachers use ongoing assessment to provide students with continuous feedback on their progress.
Teachers use outside and inside knowledge to teach other teachers.
Teachers use podium computers to teach computing by demonstrating software.
Teachers use positive reinforcement to support pupils good personal behaviour.
Teachers use positive words to discipline and quide the children.
Teachers use primary source documents for a variety of reasons.
Teachers use problem solving teaching styles to help children learn the skills.
Teachers use problem-solving techniques to encourage analytical thinking.
Teachers use procedural texts with children often.
Teachers use prompts or cues for all students.
Teachers use proven research based approaches for instruction.
Teachers use proven results.
Teachers use questioning to prompt discussion without dominating the conversation.
Teachers use questions throughout the day for a variety of reasons.
Teachers use questions to encourage children to observe more carefully.
Teachers use reflection to make decisions to adjust their practice.
Teachers use reflective listening techniques to make students feel confident to share their ideas.
Teachers use reports to monitor each student s progress and intervene if necessary.
Teachers use research in their classroom.
Teachers use research-based materials to plan lessons and coordinate instruction.
Teachers use research-based practices in classroom.
Teachers use resources about differences and handicaps with students in the classroom.
Teachers use resources.
Teachers use rewards and punishments for winning and losing in class games.
Teachers use rewards to obtain desirable behavior.
Teachers use role-model examples of people from the student s own ethnic group within lessons.
Teachers use role-playing to teach history and other subjects.
Teachers use scripts, and instruction is provided incrementally.
Teachers use simple experiments to learn about physical and chemical characteristics of water.
Teachers use small objects called manipulatives to introduce new math concepts.
Teachers use specialized knowledge of how to convey a subject to students.
Teachers use spreadsheets for calculating grades .
Teachers use state and district salary rankings to bargain for higher pay.
Teachers use state or national standards or objectives that are searchable on the Internet.
Teachers use strategies that compare one child's or one team's performance against others.
Teachers use strategies to make content delivered in English comprehensible.
Teachers use talk to account for the opinions they hold and the information they share.
Teachers use teaching strategies that challenge and motivate children.
Teachers use team planning and group learning strategies at all grade levels.
Teachers use technology as an integrated learning tool by creating web-based activities.
Teachers use technology to enhance learning.
Teachers use technology to enhance their productivity and professional practice .
Teachers use technology to enhance their productivity and professional practice.
Teachers use technology to process and manage information.
Teachers use technology to search.
Teachers use technology to support all learning across the curriculum.
Teachers use telecommunications networks to break down the isolation of the classroom.
Teachers use the assignments with students and families during the school year. .
Teachers use the charts to teach children or adults to read, write, speak and listen in English.
Teachers use the computer as a teaching and learning tool in academic and technical settings.
Teachers use the computers to record and submit grades.
Teachers use the contest as an instructional thematic in their science curriculum.
Teachers use the domains to develop instructional plans which promote specific skills.
Teachers use the drives in class.
Teachers use the environment to add activities in new domains.
Teachers use the facility to check EMail between classes.
Teachers use the gardens to teach lessons in science, mathematics, art, and literature.
Teachers use the graded answers to pace the lesson.
Teachers use the guide as they select and design specific school and classroom work.
Teachers use the information acquired on field trips with students.
Teachers use the Internet and special software to help with reading and other academic deficiencies.
Teachers use the kit and then ship it to the next school.
Teachers use the knowledge to understand and help children with hearing impairments.
Teachers use the lab to supplement regular classroom lessons.
Teachers use the material in the third to sixth grades.
Teachers use the materials in their curricula in the way that they see fit.
Teachers use the newspapers to teach reading, science, social studies, economics and other lessons.
Teachers use the prairie for hands-on science lessons.
Teachers use the principal's office or library, if it's empty.
Teachers use the program as a tool to enhance and reinforce curriculum content.
Teachers use the reading course to prepare students for the test in the Spring.
Teachers use the responses as a springboard for classroom discussions.
Teachers use the results of the assessments to determine students' instructional needs.
Teachers use the results to adjust their instruction to best meet individual student needs.
Teachers use the results to focus on the needs of individual students.
Teachers use the same programs to continually assess students' reading progress.
Teachers use the same textbooks and instructional materials used in the best U.S. public schools.
Teachers use the statements to plan daily classroom activities.
Teachers use the system to grade the work of high school juniors and seniors.
Teachers use the T prefix.
Teachers use the target language in vocabulary drills.
Teachers use the textbooks to cover additional topics mandated by the state curriculum frameworks.
Teachers use the theme as their students study other cultures.
Teachers use the time before school to prepare for the day's instruction and to hold conferences.
Teachers use the video machines and television sets to entertain or occupy their pupils.
Teachers use their expertise to incorporate state standards into exciting lessons for students.
Teachers use their hand-held computers to log good or bad behaviour.
Teachers use their laps and arms to hold and touch children six years and under.
Teachers use their own fieldwork to provide authentic field experiences for their students.
Teachers use their own money to buy supplies.
Teachers use their own observations as a basis for sorting rocks into groups.
Teachers use their time efficiently when teaching reading.
Teachers use thematic units, focusing on one theme for each quarter.
Teachers use to evaluate quality of accommodations used for a specific student.
Teachers use units based on a theme and incorporate students' experiences to facilitate learning.
Teachers use varied assessment techniques.
Teachers use various approaches to motivate student learning.
Teachers use various communicative activities adapted to the students' levels.
Teachers use various programs to build student confidence and proficiency in math.
Teachers use various techniques to teach whole classes.
Teachers use video clips and audio recordings to supplement curriculum.
Teachers use videos, maps, overhead projectors and other visual aids for demonstration in class.
Teachers use voice intonations, gestures, manipulatives, and visual aids to teach concepts.
Teachers use Web site to help teach civics.
Teachers use Web-pages to communicate with parents.
Teachers use what they learn about students in planning for instruction.
Teachers using the material find their students retain their interest in studying math.
Teachers using the system can also add and customize their own comments.
Teachers utilize a wide repertoire of methodologies and numerous innovative programs are in place.
Teachers utilize hundreds of video, audio, printed and on-line support materials.
Teachers utilize mathematics.
Teachers utilize state curriculum frameworks in planning units of study.
Teachers utilize the SSTS student management program for grades, lesson plans and attendance.
Teachers utilize their newly gained knowledge to teach students the same sets of skills.
Teachers validate students' experiences as sources of language.
Teachers value the site as an excellent resource for integrating technology into their curriculum.
Teachers value their summer time and some like to sleep late.
Teachers vary in their emphasis on neatness from their students.
Teachers vary instructional techniques.
Teachers vary their instruction for individuals, but the curriculum is the same for all students.
Teachers vary their teaching style to match children's disabilities.
Teachers vary widely in musical and pedagogical competence, and in their educational backgrounds.
Teachers view and print forms using their internet browser.
Teachers view the standards favorably.
Teachers visit children's homes.
Teachers visit classrooms within school and outside school to learn different teaching strategies.
Teachers visit other classrooms often and learn from each other as well.
Teachers visit students' homes, and parents take evening courses at the school.
Teachers visit students in their homes for individualized instruction.
Teachers voluntarily go for training courses, sometimes multiple times a year.
Teachers volunteer countless hours to coach football or cheerleading.
Teachers volunteer for a semester at a time.
Teachers volunteer for the job, and advisory counts as one of the five classes in a normal workload.
Teachers volunteer their services and talent, so there is no charge for the class.
Teachers volunteer their time and talents as section coaches, and also serve as chaperones.
Teachers volunteer their time to administer the school, a task made easier by small school size.
Teachers volunteer their time to sponsor most of the activities.
Teachers volunteer their time to tutor, supervise, and prepare assignment folders for students.
Teachers volunteer to help with homework.
Teachers volunteer to share some of their favorite stories as well as some celebrity readers.
Teachers volunteer to supervise the noon detention.
Teachers wait tables, work at department stores, tutor scores of students.
Teachers wake up early to teach and go home late.
Teachers walk a fine line most of the time.
Teachers walk away with something that they can use.
Teachers walking down the hall compliment former students' good behavior or academic achievement.
Teachers wanting quick promotion can ask for an evaluation every two years.
Teachers watch a training video on how best to use the agendas.
Teachers watch as their students become teachers and are fully engaged in the education process.
Teachers watch the tapes during their free periods, and quickly become trained on the software.
Teachers water down the curriculum to get across the remedial skills being taught.
Teachers wear a small clip-on microphone, and speakers are installed in the classroom.
Teachers wear a wireless microphone so that every student hears clearly.
Teachers wear dresses, suits, pants and all kinds of shoes.
Teachers wear identification badges and also have emergency procedures outlined in a flip chart.
Teachers weave the use of some technology tools and devices into student lessons and activities.
Teachers weave the virtues into regular classroom learning.
Teachers welcome an extra pair of hands.
Teachers welcome ideas for creative adaptations that make activities accessible to all students.
Teachers welcome involved parents.
Teachers welcome parental involvement and realize that working together guarantees success.
Teachers welcome parents into their classrooms to serve as volunteer classroom aides.
Teachers welcome the assistance of professionals in the field.
Teachers welcome the opportunity to discuss a child's work on any facet of the classroom program.
Teachers Welcome to our education site.
Teachers welcome to submit student work for the free gallery.
Teachers Welcome to the teacher's toolbox.
Teachers wholeheartedly accept the challenge and work tirelessly to see that it comes to fruition.
Teachers will have classrooms.
Teachers will have desks.
Teachers will have roles.
Teachers will have trouble.
Teachers willingly offer their services following the regular school day in our tutorial program.
Teachers willingly volunteer their time to students.
Teachers win a pay raise.
Teachers win with a forum to collaborate with parents.
Teachers wishing to make copies for their use, please feel free to do so.
Teachers wonder if there are any problems with the provider.
Teachers wonder why so many students are discipline problems.
Teachers work alone most of the time.
Teachers work along side a Russian staff and live with Russian host families.
Teachers work at colleges.
Teachers work at nice big desks.
Teachers work closely with each other to provide continuity between each class.
Teachers work closely with each student to ensure that no one is overlooked.
Teachers work closely with house-parents and counselors to monitor progress and address problems.
Teachers work closely with parents and share ideas for activities at home and in the community.
Teachers work closely with parents to encourage budding friendships among classmates.
Teachers work closely with parents to help ensure that the needs of each individual child is met.
Teachers work closely with parents to maintain positive behavior in the classroom.
Teachers work closely with parents to meet the individual needs and styles of each learner.
Teachers work closely with students in completing individually styled projects.
Teachers work closely with students to ensure that everyone is familiar with class and school rules.
Teachers work closely with students to insure success.
Teachers work closely with their students in and out of class.
Teachers work closely with young people.
Teachers work collaboratively to plan and to assess student progress.
Teachers work collaboratively to support each other and maximize areas of expertise.
Teachers work collaboratively with parents.
Teachers work day in and day out to educate our children.
Teachers work directly with the volunteer to plan each enrichment project.
Teachers work extra hard to ensure student success in school.
Teachers work for no salary.
Teachers work from a detailed outline that is uniform throughout all of the different plants.
Teachers work from a script and are trained to follow that script to the letter.
Teachers work hard to communicate with parents.
Teachers work hard to decorate and equip their room.
Teachers work hard to obtain a core sample from the bog.
Teachers work hard to offer excellent instruction.
Teachers work harder to do a better job because the students are more interested in learning.
Teachers work in a different world.
Teachers work in a supportive environment, respected by parents and administrators alike.
Teachers work in classrooms.
Teachers work in colleges.
Teachers work in community colleges.
Teachers work in curriculum development, as professionals.
Teachers work in grade level teams to identify common writing prompts for all students.
Teachers work in impossible conditions for miserable wages.
Teachers work in instructional teams to serve our students.
Teachers work in interdepartmental teams to coordinate each child's total educational program.
Teachers work in over-crowded, dingy classrooms.
Teachers work in pairs or groups of four.
Teachers work in pairs with two to four students.
Teachers work in private schools.
Teachers work in public and private schools, and also in state and private colleges.
Teachers work in public schools, private institutes, or private firms.
Teachers work in schools.
Teachers work in substandard facilities, with antiquated equipment, at the lowest pay in the nation.
Teachers work in survival mode.
Teachers work in teams of two, with each teacher focusing on two subjects.
Teachers work in teams so that the major, drawing and design curricula are consistent.
Teachers work in teams to develop and implement the educational program for their cluster.
Teachers work in two-hour blocks at Newcomb.
Teachers work in universities, colleges, and high schools.
Teachers work independently in the classroom and follow a teaching syllabus.
Teachers work individually each day with four students at the school site.
Teachers work individually with children as needed.
Teachers work individually with students and serve as advisors from their freshmen to senior years.
Teachers work it out themselves.
Teachers work long hours both at the job site and at home.
Teachers work many hours in nonteaching functions.
Teachers work many hours in non-teaching functions.
Teachers work on dance technique with a major emphasis on rhythm.
Teachers work right along side the child encouraging the language of mathematics during each lesson.
Teachers work so hard and give up so much free time.
Teachers work the graphing into their daily activities.
Teachers work their schedules around when the training is offered.
Teachers work to build relationships with children that are based on mutual respect and trust.
Teachers work to foster creative and independent research.
Teachers work together across academic and technical disciplines.
Teachers work together as a team for the benefit of all the students.
Teachers work together as teaching teams to best meet the needs of every child.
Teachers work together long hours and support the school with the many projects.
Teachers work together to adopt or develop a coherent and effective design.
Teachers work together to ensure every student has the opportunity to excel.
Teachers work together to plan thematic units revolving around science and social studies classes.
Teachers work toward building life-time skills and sportsmanship.
Teachers work towards same goal as a team.
Teachers work two additional hours per day.
Teachers work very hard and are very conscientious about their jobs and student learning.
Teachers work very hard for the little money they get.
Teachers work very hard to meet the students where they are.
Teachers Work with a doable slice of the curriculum, perhaps only one unit or one subject area.
Teachers work with a partner that they have selected, often from another department.
Teachers work with children in mixed age groups to promote maximum development.
Teachers work with children to improve their development through typical toddler activities.
Teachers work with colleagues to share and compare scoring of classroom-based assessments.
Teachers work with curricular coaches to enhance instructional pedagogical skills.
Teachers work with each family to meet the students' academic and personal goals.
Teachers work with individual students or small groups of consumers.
Teachers work with small groups on individualized reading levels.
Teachers work with students in completing individually styled projects.
Teachers work with students in the morning and receive training after the close of the school day.
Teachers work with students individually to correct misguided behaviors.
Teachers work with students on letter form and writing addresses correctly on the envelopes.
Teachers work with students who show improved personal management and social skills.
Teachers work with students.
Teachers work with the future every day.
Teachers work with the future.
Teachers work with the media staff to plan units of study based on the curriculum.
Teachers work with the whole class for about two thirds of the lesson.
Teachers work with weekly themes in afternoon classes.
Teachers work years.
Teachers working and sharing ideas leads to stronger programs and better teachers.
Teachers working in the microrayon frequently depend on barter and trade.
Teachers working outside of Prague, where housing is fully paid, can save money.
Teachers working together make a significant difference.
Teachers working together synergistically help one another.
Teachers working with students is still at the heart of the learning process.
Teachers working with students who have CAPD can help in a number of ways.
Teachers working with the new students can refer to the video to reinforce learning.
Teachers works in teams to plan and teach an integrated curriculum.
Teachers worry for their students and for their own physical safety.
Teachers write about teaching at the turn of a century.
Teachers write and model with students.
Teachers write back and read their responses to the students.
Teachers write clearly and correctly.
Teachers write down stories the children tell.
Teachers write for pleasure or for real world purposes outside the classroom .
Teachers write in their different ideas.
Teachers write learning plans each year and receive regular supervision from the principal.
Teachers write progress reports for students with C- or less in any subject.
Teachers write scores of recommendation letters, so get on the list early.
Teachers write together, exchange ideas with one another, and respond to one another's works.
Teachers write two comprehensive reports on children each year.
Teachers write with and share their writing with students .
Teachers always accompany students.
Teachers always attend camps or tours FREE of charge.
Teachers always get great ideas from each other.
Teachers always give students advice.
Teachers always have their pets and their toys.
Teachers always have to create lecture notes.
Teachers always learn more than students.
Teachers always leave our programs with a wealth of activities they can use in the classroom.
Teachers always make a difference in their schools.
Teachers always notify the school office before taking children out of the school.
Teachers always read every student journal, and write brief comments.
Teachers always say multiple choice tests never prove anything.
Teachers always seem to have better answers.
Teachers always try to help with any questions or problems and they never make students feel dumb.
Teachers always vote because they're on holiday.
Teachers always work in teams.
Teacher frequently demonstrates appropriate use of written and oral language.
Teacher frequently listens, observes, and questions students.
Teachers frequently assess mastery of concepts and skills.
Teachers frequently cite parent support for academics as key for children's success in school.
Teachers frequently communicate with other professionals within their building.
Teachers frequently conduct review sessions, pointing out the most important concepts.
Teachers frequently display a lack of awareness about people different from themselves.
Teachers frequently don' t fully understand the ramifications of a child's problem.
Teachers frequently encounter students lacking the basic necessities.
Teachers frequently get hoarse.
Teachers frequently have instruments they are selling for many reasons.
Teachers frequently make presentations at the monthly staff meetings.
Teachers frequently monitor and assess student achievement through diagnostic evaluation.
Teachers frequently monitor student learning, both formally and informally.
Teachers frequently rearrange test dates to avoid conflict with school events.
Teachers frequently remark about how easy the project is.
Teachers frequently select tasks to practice certain grammatical patterns.
Teachers frequently struggle with the instructional and behavioral needs of their students.
Teachers frequently use pictures in handouts, overheads, visuals, instruction, etc.
Teachers frequently use the multimedia stations to incorporate the Internet into their lessons.
Teachers frequently write requesting subscriptions or expressing their appreciation.
Teacher often plans opportunities for students to share their diversities and cultural heritage.
Teachers often add their own points to the code after discussion with their pupils.
Teachers often are the first to notice behavioral or learning problems.
Teachers often are unable to check their mailboxes for messages after that time.
Teachers often arrange for students to work in partners as peer editors.
Teachers often ask as many as three to four hundred questions during the course of a day.
Teachers often ask many questions about the role of The Teachers' Book Depository.
Teachers often assign students to watch an educational television show as homework.
Teachers often attend the society's monthly meetings and present papers.
Teachers often become as sick of the system as kids do.
Teachers often begin by educating about the environment.
Teachers often bring in their classes during class periods for research or to check-out books.
Teachers often buy teacher-created materials, reference books, workbooks, etc.
Teachers often can alert security about a possible confrontation.
Teachers often cite working conditions as a bigger concern than money.
Teachers often come in needing more science background.
Teachers often create language experience stories within their class.
Teachers often describe the peak of accumulative stress as a breakdown.
Teachers often describe their profession as more of a calling than a job.
Teachers often design instructional programs, schedule classes, and help set disciplinary policy.
Teachers often develop their own materials to supplement available texts.
Teachers often develop two or three versions of the test.
Teachers often differ in the way they like to collect data.
Teachers often discipline boys more harshly than girls.
Teachers often do informal assessments of students' reading progress in guided reading groups.
Teachers often do problems out of the book as examples.
Teachers often do tutoring on the side.
Teachers often earn more money by turning to public schools, or by switching professions.
Teachers often end up laboriously typing in the text themselves.
Teachers often expect males to be more advanced in computers than females.
Teachers often expect more from middle-class students.
Teachers often fail of coming sufficiently into social relation with their pupils.
Teachers often fail to notice the phenomenon.
Teachers often feel helpless when faced with a person with a communication impairment.
Teachers often feel pressure to move too quickly in order to meet the demands of the curriculum.
Teachers often feel thankful to have access to a word processor.
Teachers often feel that everyone has to be quiet and everyone has to be doing the same thing.
Teachers often feel uncomfortable with the way in which they are evaluated by students.
Teachers often feel under attack by parents who are highly involved.
Teachers often feel unprepared to address workplace issues with their students.
Teachers often find surprise notes and drawings on their desk.
Teachers often get breaks on paying back their student loans.
Teachers often get in power struggles with students for useless reasons.
Teachers often get their master's degree outside the discipline area.
Teachers often give awards for achievements in a specific class.
Teachers often give cookies and gifts to little boys.
Teachers often give crosswords based on reading texts to their students.
Teachers often go unpaid for a week at a time, and retaining staff has at times been a problem.
Teachers often have a difficult time getting to school and some have been arrested.
Teachers often have a very good view of the child's emotional health, but it's only one view.
Teachers often have information on contests that are local, state-wide, or national in scope.
Teachers often have itinerant careers.
Teachers often have little or no classroom experience and basically baby-sit the students.
Teachers often have more respect for the student who is willing to ask for assistance as needed.
Teachers often have more than one option to choose from when selecting a teaching post.
Teachers often have needs that they suggest the students address.
Teachers often have strong feelings about standardized tests.
Teachers often have to address a student's weaknesses which can be very hard for a parent to hear.
Teachers often have to pay for necessary classroom supplies out of their own pockets.
Teachers often hear students use language in unique and entertaining ways.
Teachers often involve students in academic controversies.
Teachers often know their students better than some parents do.
Teachers often know who they are even when they are in elementary school.
Teachers often leave grade books unguarded.
Teachers often leave grade books, conduct sheets, and attendance records unguarded.
Teachers often leave gradebooks, conduct sheets, and attendance records unguarded.
Teachers often leave the classroom because they experience a respect shortage.
Teachers often link all class work to the textbook.
Teachers often list the required competencies on a checklist, which helps monitor student progress.
Teachers often live narrow professional lives confined to their classroom.
Teachers often make home visits to brag about a particular student's progress.
Teachers often modify their teaching plans, as situations arise each day.
Teachers often notice that other students are more attentive and less noisy.
Teachers often pray together for each other's intentions.
Teachers often prepare supplementary materials for their students.
Teachers often prepare work and materials for the next school year during break times.
Teachers often profit from developing macrostrategies and microstrategies.
Teachers often provide copies of their outlines or notes to students.
Teachers often pull test questions from summaries.
Teachers often purchase school supplies with money out of their own pocket.
Teachers often purchase the book to help with lesson plans on teaching electricity in class.
Teachers often read original poetry or their favorite poems to their classes.
Teachers often require custom made arrangements usually in a hurry.
Teachers often resent being released into the middle of traffic jams.
Teachers often resent working for low pay in remote locations.
Teachers often resist providing more than minimal pronunciation instructions to their students.
Teachers often say that all the kids did equally well.
Teachers often say that there are no completely right answers when writing about poetry.
Teachers often schedule extra times for research and study times.
Teachers often see gifted children as a challenge to their authority, disrespectful, and disruptive.
Teachers often see more potential problems.
Teachers often see the new standards at odds with the new science movement.
Teachers often seek ideas to motivate students without having to rely on rewards.
Teachers often show movies over and over to have some peace or work time.
Teachers often spend hundreds of hours compiling the information.
Teachers often spend many hours at home each night, trying to create computerized lessons.
Teachers often spend the first few weeks of each school year reviewing what they taught last year.
Teachers often state that their students are too young to think about abstract fundamental ideas.
Teachers often struggle to find ways to help their students understand very abstract notions.
Teachers often struggle to give a satisfying answer when their students ask that perennial question.
Teachers often suggest the activity of reading aloud to children.
Teachers often take on the role of substitute parent.
Teachers often talk about the importance of capitalizing on a teachable moment.
Teachers often talk with families about important matters, e.g., teaching plans, homework, etc.
Teachers often teach the way they have learned.
Teachers often tell students to study hard.
Teachers often think about their classes and students, and hope that both can improve.
Teachers often think of technology as a time waster.
Teachers often transmit knowledge to students.
Teachers often use computers to teach new material.
Teachers often use constructed-response questions in classroom assessments.
Teachers often use resources of the university.
Teachers often use some time at their staff meetings to say what they are planning.
Teachers often use storytelling as a part of teaching students.
Teachers often use student book reviews to help other students select reading material.
Teachers often use the same adjectives to describe children.
Teachers often use their own materials in a classroom, rather than relying on textbooks.
Teachers often wonder if the hours spent talking with students about their problems are worth it.
Teachers often worry about where to find songs, chants, and rhymes.
Teachers sometimes act as surrogate parents, nurses, social workers, and ministers.
Teachers sometimes ask their supervisors for advice about curriculum materials they are using.
Teachers sometimes call on a peer or an administrator to be a rater.
Teachers sometimes die in service before becoming eligible for benefits.
Teachers sometimes enter restrooms of pupils of their gender for purposes of supervision.
Teachers sometimes feel that their students are more technologically savvy than they are.
Teachers sometimes feel they are at fault, children blame themselves, parents blame both.
Teachers sometimes find that their preparation time is strained by the new system.
Teachers sometimes fly off the handle.
Teachers sometimes gets funny.
Teachers sometimes have several workshops in one night for parents of a specific grade level.
Teachers sometimes identify potential speech and language problems and initiate referrals.
Teachers sometimes play the role of mother and counselor.
Teachers sometimes run out of time to get to the store for supplies for various projects.
Teachers sometimes use a few words in the students' native language.
Teachers sometimes use web pages for classroom management purposes.
Teacher usually demonstrates appropriate use of written and oral language.
Teacher usually provides complete instructions for carrying out instructional activities.
Teacher usually uses students' responses to adjust lessons.
Teachers usually add days off days to a holiday.
Teachers usually announce their office hours at the first meeting of the class.
Teachers usually arrange for several parent conferences in a row.
Teachers usually arrive in groups.
Teachers usually ask students what they did on their vacations.
Teachers usually ask the questions.
Teachers usually assign homework every school day.
Teachers usually continue their education well beyond a four-year degree.
Teachers usually document conferences with some type of record form.
Teachers usually find the non-thesis option to their liking.
Teachers usually grade homework.
Teachers usually have an attentive audience when they say something wrong.
Teachers usually have little time for professional sharing.
Teachers usually have the students sort objects by using the five senses.
Teachers usually keep strict discipline in the classroom.
Teachers usually look askance at such efforts.
Teachers usually make great friends.
Teachers usually make no deliberate attempt to mesh the two.
Teachers usually make their comments on the right hand page.
Teachers usually receive pay comparable to engineers.
Teachers usually respond outside class time.
Teachers usually start by using the Internet as just a repository for information.
Teachers usually supervise what the aides do.
Teachers usually teach within their disciplines, behind closed doors in isolated classrooms.
Teachers usually visit Argentina every three months to renew their tourist visa.
Teachers usually work hard to help students who seem involved and motivated.
All teachers adhere to a Professional Code of Conduct .
All teachers affected have probationary status.
All teachers also integrate science into their everyday classroom experience.
All teachers also work to give tutorial assistance to individuals or small groups of students.
All teachers annually receive updated professional training.
All teachers are able to access leave for a variety of purposes.
All teachers are active in our state and local professional early childhood associations.
All teachers are attentive to the general needs of the students.
All teachers are available for extra help and for parent conferences.
All teachers are available for special help before and after school.
All teachers are available in the large gym and no appointments are necessary.
All teachers are available to meet with students outside of class.
All teachers are aware that successful learning requires positive effort on the part of the learner.
All teachers are British and fully qualified.
All teachers are counselors, to a degree, by being sensitive to the needs of students.
All teachers are dedicated volunteers.
All teachers are degreed and certified by the state of New Jersey.
All teachers are educated, so some educated people are funny because. . . .
All teachers are eligible for honours and anyone can submit a nomination.
All teachers are eligible.
All teachers are equal, they argue, and deserve equal pay increments.
All teachers are ethical templates but only few are symbols of special achievement.
All teachers are expert at teaching young adolescents.
All teachers are familiar with the problems some students have with German word order.
All teachers are former or working professional entertainers.
All teachers are fully qualified and are recruited either on contract from Great Britain or locally.
All teachers are highly qualified.
All teachers are historians.
All teachers are in the habit of asking questions, and calling on students for answers.
All teachers are in the real estate or mortgage business.
All teachers are language teachers.
All teachers are leaders in Scouts or Guides and voluntary.
All teachers are native French speakers.
All teachers are native Irish speakers.
All teachers are native speakers specialized in children's education.
All teachers are native speakers, fully qualified and experienced.
All teachers are native speakers.
All teachers are native to Mexico, highly experienced and certified.
All teachers are New Jersey State certified in subjects they are teaching.
All teachers are on board.
All teachers are overpaid and under-educated.
All teachers are prepared and supported to teach in diverse populations of students.
All teachers are qualified and experienced teaching professionals.
All teachers are qualified and most are fully experienced.
All teachers are qualified in their respective subjects.
All teachers are qualified to teach a well rounded curriculum of basic music to beginners.
ALL teachers are responsible for supervision of ALL students at All times.
All teachers are responsible for teaching students information technology skills.
All teachers are role models.
All teachers are special educators.
All teachers are state accredited and diocesan certified.
All teachers are state certified and graduates of accredited institutions.
All teachers are state certified or actively working toward certification.
All teachers are state certified, and almost half have masters degrees.
All teachers are state certified.
All teachers are state-certified, and the curriculum is in keeping with state standards.
All teachers are supportive and understanding of the needs and cultural differences of the students.
All teachers are to abide by the exam schedule, regardless of curriculum.
All teachers are to be academically qualified and certified to teach in their area.
All teachers are to complete their grid charts.
All teachers are trained moderators to ensure that consistency is seen to be applied across schools.
All teachers are UK qualified and the language of instruction is English.
All teachers are university graduates qualified in teaching Italian as a second language.
All teachers are very experienced and hold university diplomas.
All teachers are very open to classroom help.
All teachers are volunteers and none receive any part of the class fees.
All teachers are volunteers.
All teachers are welcome to attend, without charge except for parking.
All teachers are welcome to drop in.
All teachers are welcome to join the forum.
All teachers are welcome to participate.
All teachers are welcome to request materials.
All teachers are welcome to use the computer workstation set up in the library.
All teachers are welcome.
All teachers are well qualified.
All teachers are, however, following the approach and implementing major program components.
All teachers are, in effect, missionaries for their subjects.
All teachers assigned to Breeze Hill teach within their credential subject areas.
All teachers attend workshops and conferences to enhance their teaching strategies.
All teachers benefit from ongoing opportunities for professional development and peer support.
All teachers can become tired and sometimes discouraged.
All teachers can benefit from becoming reflective teachers.
All teachers can brainstorm areas on which they can work together.
All teachers can build brain-compatible learning experiences if they have the tools for the job.
All teachers can do is provide situations for the most effective learning.
All teachers can improve their teaching of mathematics.
All teachers can learn new ways of teaching and want to be the best teacher they can be.
All teachers can learn.
All teachers can profit from new ideas, no matter how long they've been teaching.
All teachers can profit from the experience.
All teachers can take pride in their achievements.
All teachers can teach all children, and .
All teachers can teach.
All teachers change classes hourly and speak Spanish as their native language.
All teachers check their pupils' progress in each subject as a normal part of their teaching.
All teachers come with full degrees and many years of teaching experience.
All teachers communicate information in different formats and for diverse audiences .
All teachers communicate information in different formats and for diverse audiences.
All teachers complete an instructor-designed workbook.
All teachers consistently use graphic organizers to help students link and retain learning.
All teachers continue their professional growth through ongoing studies and educational symposia.
All teachers currently have accounts.
All teachers deserve better pay.
All teachers do many of the same things.
All teachers do.
All teachers dream about having a positive impact on a young person's life.
All teachers employed in Victorian government schools are eligible.
All teachers engage in ongoing self-assessment.
All teachers experience the frustration of trying to involve parents and getting little response.
All teachers face the same problem.
All teachers fall into the category of ethical templates.
All teachers find the workload and paperwork a strain, and dyslexia makes it all more arduous.
All teachers follow a positive discipline plan.
All teachers have a bachelor's degree and are certified.
All teachers have a classroom management plan which includes positive and negative consequences.
All teachers have a conference hour used for personal work time.
All teachers have a daily preparation period.
All teachers have a dedicated computer for themselves in their classrooms.
All teachers have a favorite twist on the old traditional ideas.
All teachers have a hard-copy booklet of the IGOs to reinforce the goals.
All teachers have a modern, clean, and spacious private apartment with a lovely mountain view.
All teachers have a plan for managing classroom disruptions that includes a warning.
All teachers have a point of view.
All teachers have a sense of their purpose in teaching.
All teachers have a voice-mail box.
All teachers have a web folder on the school website.
All teachers have academic degree and considerable practical experience.
All teachers have access to district-wide email at their desktops.
All teachers have active e-mail links.
All teachers have appropriate credentials for their teaching assignments.
All teachers have appropriate degrees in education from accredited colleges and universities.
All teachers have assignments within their credential authorization.
All teachers have at least three years class room experience.
All teachers have both magnet and non-magnet students in their classes.
All teachers have certification.
All teachers have classroom rules posted.
All teachers have degrees in education and are state certified.
All teachers have education in child development.
All teachers have either a tutorial or an enrichment session.
All teachers have four to six weeks off in the summer.
All teachers have hopes and goals for their students.
All teachers have laptops and access to an information system for grading, attendance and more.
All teachers have Massachusetts teacher certification.
All teachers have on file copies of parent conference forms.
All teachers have options as to how to present material from a pedagogical perspective.
All teachers have pagers to make communication with students easier.
All teachers have professional performing backgrounds as well as strong teaching credentials.
All teachers have responsibilities to supervise children and prepare for the day s activities.
All teachers have responsibilities to supervise children and prepare for the day's activities.
All teachers have responsibility to help children improve their writing skills.
All teachers have something on their building's web page.
All teachers have the opportunity to become counselors to their students.
All teachers have the opportunity to work as an intern in a business for up to sixteen hours.
All teachers have the right to teach.
All teachers have their own computer in their room or office.
All teachers have their own direct line with their own number.
All teachers have their own PCs.
All teachers have to be trained to teach English to all children.
All teachers have to do is push a button on the computer.
All teachers have U.S. teaching credentials.
All teachers have unique and original ways to introduce new topics and ideas.
All teachers have university degrees and British Columbia teaching certificates.
All teachers have valid California credentials.
All teachers have voice mail that can be accessed through calling the main office.
All teachers have voice mailboxes for receiving messages.
All teachers have workstations in the classrooms for administrative functions and student use.
All teachers help our children learn how science is a part of our whole life and experience.
All teachers help students develop a variety of learning styles.
All teachers hold a degree in education and are certified by the State of Illinois.
All teachers hold California credentials.
All teachers hold degrees in early childhood education.
All teachers hold degrees in education, and full-time assistants are in each classroom.
All teachers hold Delaware certification in special education.
All teachers hold Indiana teacher's licenses.
All teachers implement the State Standards.
All teachers indicate that a written policy on earning inservice points exists.
All teachers instruct in their assigned credential areas, although two teach in related fields.
All teachers instruct their students on alternative methods to violence.
All teachers involved in changes remain within their areas of certification.
All teachers keep their lesson plans in a binder in a conspicuous place on their desks.
All teachers know how to read.
All teachers know that students learn best by doing.
All teachers know that the best way to learn something is to teach it so someone else.
All teachers know that the first few minutes of a class period can be somewhat chaotic.
All teachers know the significance of error analysis.
All teachers know they are as well.
All teachers learn from experience by observing their students.
All teachers learn to facilitate a protocol.
All teachers live on campus, allowing students to experience life with several families.
All teachers live on campus.
All teachers live on site, providing students with readily accessible mentor.
All teachers maintain professional development logs.
All teachers maintain regular office hours .
All teachers make mistakes.
All teachers meet or exceed licensing qualifications.
All teachers meet or exceed state requirements, as well as show great talent, knowledge and ability.
All teachers meet stringent certification requirements, which surpass most states requirements.
All teachers meet the certification standards for U.S. accreditation.
All teachers now have a networked computer and printer in their classroom.
All teachers now have PCs on their desks, Internet, and a school wide email system.
All teachers now have telephones in their classrooms.
All teachers offer remediation to children who have difficulty understanding material in class.
All teachers participate in meetings and workshops to enhance their professional growth.
All teachers participate in ongoing technology-related professional development.
All teachers participate in the selection of textbooks and other instructional materials.
All teachers participating in the biomedical engineering program are members of the society.
All teachers plan lessons to meet the individual needs of their students.
All teachers plan their classes in advance incorporating each student's particular needs.
All teachers plan their classes in advance, incorporating each student's particular needs.
All teachers plan.
All teachers pledge to follow prescribed syllabi.
All teachers possess a current teaching certificate from the State of Missouri.
All teachers possess a university degree and experience in private tuition.
All teachers possess the necessary skills to teach all students.
All teachers post assignments on large wall calendars in their classrooms.
All teachers post their Homework daily as team.
All teachers provide at least two extra-help sessions each week after the class day ends.
All teachers read aloud to their classes daily and have conversations about what makes a good story.
All teachers realize that motivation of students is always a challenge.
All teachers receive as a gift, one free pass for their family.
All teachers receive individual score reports for each exercise.
All teachers receive special training in perceptual development.
All teachers recognize the preferred learning styles of each of their students.
All teachers relate new learning to students' everyday lives and culture.
All teachers remain in the classroom available to students for additional assistance.
All teachers report an increase in in-service or professional development activities.
All teachers require adherence to classroom standards in accordance with Scriptural principles.
All teachers run the risk of stressing capability over activity.
All teachers seem to have the wrong conception of the course of study about teaching the grades.
All teachers select their own user-id and password so no one else can access their pages.
All teachers send home newsletters to keep parents informed about their child s week.
All teachers send home regular newsletters about classroom activities.
All teachers serve as advisors.
All teachers serve as leaders.
All teachers serve on one task force.
All teachers shape the skills and capabilities of the students in their charge.
All teachers share responsibility for the education of exceptional pupils.
All teachers start the same here.
All teachers stress the importance of hands-on practice by themselves.
All teachers submit goals and objectives annually.
All teachers supervise at dismissal to insure safety.
All teachers support authentic assessment.
All teachers support their colleagues when they find it necessary to withdraw services.
All teachers take a part in the study.
All teachers teach correctly all the time for the path that they teach.
All teachers teach five periods each day.
All teachers teach in all three schoolforms.
All teachers teach social studies.
All teachers teach the same thing, and the students memorize it.
All teachers use phonics and basal texts which are supplemented with literature-rich whole language.
All teachers use previous experiences, sources and resources.
All teachers use the assessment tools in our math series after completing each chapter.
All teachers utilize technology for instruction.
All teachers volunteer their time and expertise.
All teachers welcome to attend.
All teachers welcome.
All teachers work from a body of information, clarifying it and passing it on.
All teachers work very long, hard hours.
All teachers work with guided reading groups, focused on books at a certain reading level.
All teachers work with live material.
All teachers work with small groups of children.
All teachers work with students in a variety of courses.
All teachers worry about how well their pupils do.
All teachers worth their salt are merely ignorant people doing some deep thinking.
All teachers write action plans and design peer workshops.
Any teacher can appreciate a well thought out idea rather than a quick response.
Any teacher can be strict.
Any teacher can become an internal network leader within their own area of strength.
Any teacher can easily submit by filling out the online form.
Any teacher can elect to have a laptop as part of a salary package.
Any teacher can recommend a book.
Any teacher can request a topic based on the needs of the class at any time during the year.
Any teacher can resign from union membership.
Any teacher can send an e-mail to any other teacher.
Any teacher can sigh the form.
Any teacher can sign the form.
Any teacher can sign up to volunteer.
Any teacher can submit a tour to our editors.
Any teacher can submit lessons by filling out the online form.
Any teacher can submit lessons by filling out their online form.
Any teacher can teach in a way that meets the needs of all students.
Any teacher can undertake classroom research.
Any teacher knows that games are useful tools of learning.
Any teacher knows that the best way to learn something is to have to teach it.
Every teacher also has a computer.
Every teacher assists students in acquiring appropriate technology skills.
Every teacher becomes a technology coach.
Every teacher can create opportunities for all of their students to use the Internet successfully.
Every teacher can use a new idea.
Every teacher can use word processing to write an essay.
Every teacher can utilize the method.
Every teacher deserves daily, duty-free planning, lunch, and break times.
Every teacher develops a personal style as a storyteller.
Every teacher encourages student-initiated projects and trusts children to make the right choices.
Every teacher finds success.
Every teacher gets one.
Every teacher gives of their time and talents far beyond reasonable expectations.
Every teacher has a computer for recording grades, research, classroom presentation and e-mail.
Every teacher has a computer on their desk with access to student records, grades and processing.
Every teacher has a computer on their desk.
Every teacher has a copy of The Skillful Teacher as a resource and standard for instruction.
Every teacher has a curriculum which they use to chart a student's path.
Every teacher has a desktop workstation with projection capabilities.
Every teacher has a different approach to the first few days of school.
Every teacher has a different meaning.
Every teacher has a different style.
Every teacher has a few funny stories.
Every teacher has a fixed hour each week for consultation.
Every teacher has a palm top computer which has taken over from the traditional paper register.
Every teacher has a success story.
Every teacher has a time out spot in their classroom.
Every teacher has an Internet accessible computer.
Every teacher has an unmitigated responsibility to help students become more literate.
Every teacher has goals in terms of what they want their students to learn in their class.
Every teacher has one or more favorite techniques to share with students.
Every teacher has one page from which all of their student pages are accessible.
Every teacher has stories about students who don t read directions and fail simple tests.
Every teacher has strengths and weaknesses.
Every teacher has students who have a mother or father serving our country in far off places.
Every teacher has tales from the classroom that can make a proposal come alive.
Every teacher has that one brilliant student.
Every teacher has the opportunity to attend at least one subject area conference per year.
Every teacher has the right to teach.
Every teacher has their own computer.
Every teacher has their own folder on the school district web server.
Every teacher has their own method of teaching and every student has their own style of learning.
Every teacher has their own philosophy.
Every teacher has their own special way of teaching.
Every teacher has their own style.
Every teacher has their own teaching style along with every students has their own learning style.
Every teacher has to be harnessed.
Every teacher has to deal with a difficult student.
Every teacher here represents the best.
Every teacher includes reading skill enhancement activities in daily instructional planning.
Every teacher interacts frequently with the parents of students.
Every teacher is a caring adult.
Every teacher is a leader and every leader is a teacher.
Every teacher is a leader.
Every teacher is a mentor of some sort.
Every teacher is a personal advisor, a time-honored tradition from kindergarten through senior year.
Every teacher is a reading and math teacher.
Every teacher is a reading teacher.
Every teacher is already a researcher.
Every teacher is always on the lookout for new lesson plan ideas.
Every teacher is an advisor for an assigned group of students.
Every teacher is asked to comment in writing.
Every teacher is at a different level with technology.
Every teacher is aware of the decline of writing skills in modern society.
Every teacher is certified and the school is fully accredited by the State of Kentucky.
Every teacher is different, and all teachers have strengths and weaknesses.
Every teacher is different, but great teachers have a lot in common.
Every teacher is different, every kid is different.
Every teacher is different.
Every teacher is enthusiastic and has genuine love for the children and teaching.
Every teacher is excited about reading and promotes the value and fun of reading to students.
Every teacher is faced with the chronic daydreamer in their classrooms.
Every teacher is forced to deal with moral misdeeds committed by children.
Every teacher is given a lap top computer.
Every teacher is highly qualified for a specific assignment.
Every teacher is in some sort a conjurer.
Every teacher is passionate about something.
Every teacher is required to distribute a course syllabus the first week of class.
Every teacher is responsible for use.
Every teacher is vulnerable.
Every teacher is welcome to participate.
Every teacher joins a study group.
Every teacher knows candy treats are good but, too much equals disaster.
Every teacher knows that elementary children do a lot of tattling.
Every teacher knows that learning concepts and building skills is an ongoing, long-term process.
Every teacher knows that reading is essential to the learning process.
Every teacher knows that some classes are more difficult than others.
Every teacher knows that the subject of food is a surefire class-pleaser.
Every teacher knows that verb conjugations can be the hardest part about learning a language.
Every teacher knows the importance of reading.
Every teacher knows when there's more to do and when their job is done.
Every teacher likes free stuff.
Every teacher meets or exceeds state teaching requirements.
Every teacher needs a few good quotes.
Every teacher needs a little help every now and then.
Every teacher needs an emergency lesson plan.
Every teacher needs something different.
Every teacher needs to accept that they can teach all kids.
Every teacher needs to be familiar with every activity offered.
Every teacher needs to develop basic skills.
Every teacher needs to develop strategies and skills for working successfully with parents.
Every teacher needs to know how to teach critical reading skills.
Every teacher participates actively every year.
Every teacher participates in social security and a retirement plan.
Every teacher picks one student from all their classes to give the honor to.
Every teacher plays favorites.
Every teacher receives a laptop computer.
Every teacher recommends a different practice schedule.
Every teacher remembers having a student who, at one time or another, tried too hard.
Every teacher serves on at least one committee.
Every teacher takes a seven-month Training of focused Ascending.
Every teacher tries to learn something new every day.
Every teacher uses cooperative learning.
Every teacher wants their classroom to be an exciting learning environment.
Every teacher wants to be successful and happy, and lead a balanced professional and personal life.
Every teacher wants to enhance student learning in class.
Every teachers nightmare.
Many teachers abandon the overstuffed textbooks and construct their own history courses.
Many teachers accept jobs in traditional public schools because there are no risks.
Many teachers actively discourage their children from teaching.
Many teachers actually use the programs for teaching better instrument performance skills.
Many teachers adapt the past event activities into other units of study throughout the school year.
Many teachers admit that their research is often stimulated by questions asked by the students.
Many teachers agonize over their failure to do that and are searching for solutions.
Many teachers agree but say learning a system takes time.
Many teachers agree that it is difficult to cope with a loss of one of the greatest principals.
Many teachers already know what subjects they want to teach.
Many teachers also begin class with prayer and scripture reading.
Many teachers also find partner schools to join their project.
Many teachers also hold review sessions before an exam.
Many teachers also participate in community organizations .
Many teachers also participate in professional development to increase their skills and knowledge.
Many teachers also perform from time to time.
Many teachers also praise humility as a virtue.
Many teachers also take advantage of continuing education experiences offered through area colleges.
Many teachers also use their e-mail as a form of communication.
Many teachers also wonder about their value as an educational tool.
Many teachers are able to receive training through various sources at minimum expense.
Many teachers are afraid of allowing a handheld computer into a classroom test.
Many teachers are afraid that being online at school puts kids at risk there.
Many teachers are also active in the Economics Fair where students have received first place awards.
Many teachers are also tutors in their off hours.
Many teachers are at a loss.
Many teachers are bright, and most are dedicated to their calling.
Many teachers are concerned about put-downs.
Many teachers are deeply committed professionals.
Many teachers are enthusiastic storytellers.
Many teachers are enthusiastic.
Many teachers are extraordinarily creative and develop new and better ways of teaching.
Many teachers are fortunate to have aides or paraprofessionals assigned to their classes.
Many teachers are here to give help to their students.
Many teachers are hesitant or afraid to teach scientific evolution.
Many teachers are ill or even unenthusiastic about the subject.
Many teachers are interested in an exchange with China.
Many teachers are interested in building a reference library.
Many teachers are interested in raising their students' awareness of the impact of world trade.
Many teachers are kind and helpful.
Many teachers are nonunion out of personal conviction, as well as for financial reasons.
Many teachers are on a power trip.
Many teachers are on campus after school to give additional help to students.
Many teachers are open to sending home special homework geared toward the needs of a child.
Many teachers are over worked and often feel as though they are underpaid.
Many teachers are pleased to learn that their students have sought help on their own.
Many teachers are poor users of current technologies in their own private as well as teaching use.
Many teachers are reluctant to move beyond drill and practice or word processing.
Many teachers are scared by high-tech gadgetry and cling to traditional teaching methods.
Many teachers are so unhappy during their first year that they never return for a second year.
Many teachers are still in the process of creating their final website to be published on the web.
Many teachers are superb technicians and get results with many different kinds of children.
Many teachers are totally unmotivated, using blind repetition as a teaching method.
Many Teachers are Uncertified.
Many teachers are untrained and unmotivated due to limited resources and low pay.
Many teachers argue that they aren t completely paid for the time they now put into work.
Many teachers arrange for parents to share the task of loan pick-up and return.
Many teachers arrive at their work either partly prepared or wholly unprepared.
Many teachers ask an open question and invite answers from other visitors.
Many teachers ask that the television be turned off while children are doing homework.
Many teachers ask the students to make journal entries at the end of every class.
Many teachers ask their learners to keep journals.
Many teachers assign specific roles to members of small groups.
Many teachers assume that their students are empty vessels waiting to be filled with knowledge.
Many teachers attend summer school, or workshops, or travel off island to spend time with family.
Many teachers attend workshops or conferences to meet identified individual needs.
Many teachers avoid doing in vivo dissections because of ethical issues.
Many teachers avoid health subjects because of inadequate undergraduate training.
Many teachers avoid such assignments, when possible.
Many teachers become impervious to feeling.
Many teachers become impervious, close off and harden themselves.
Many teachers become interested in online project with the Iditarod in the spring.
Many teachers believe calculators spark students' interest in math.
Many teachers believe giving lots of practice tests is the answer to success.
Many teachers believe that collaborative writing mirrors real-world writing situations.
Many teachers bite their tongues too.
Many teachers blame the parents and the child for having a learning disability.
Many teachers build math and geography lessons around that information.
Many teachers call and extend personal invitations to the parents of their homeroom children.
Many teachers can look out the window, rural teachers have a harder time.
Many teachers carefully craft the beginning of a course and the start of each class session.
Many teachers carry too heavy a load.
Many teachers charge the half-hour rate for a group lesson.
Many teachers choose their delivery days based on the papers special sections.
Many teachers choose to work toward a master's after they've already been teaching for a few years.
Many teachers claim that computers have increased their workload rather than decreased it.
Many teachers communicate with parents through written progress reports or by phone.
Many teachers complain that parents are running the schools.
Many teachers complain that very few students do their homework regularly.
Many teachers conduct review of the material the week before the test.
Many teachers confuse group work with cooperative learning.
Many teachers consider dictation primarily to be a useful tool to keep students quiet and busy.
Many teachers consider it wise to include a brief explanation with a disapproval.
Many teachers consider themed literature units to be important components of a literacy program.
Many teachers consider themselves conservatives.
Many teachers contact local businesses to sponsor their classrooms.
Many teachers continue to attend college and in-service courses offered by the district.
Many teachers continue to bring worksheets to the office when homework is requested.
Many teachers continue to publish and present papers.
Many teachers create and use lists when they collect information on students' learning.
Many teachers cross traditional age groupings.
Many teachers deal with the realities of standards-driven learning.
Many teachers deem good looking children as intelligent.
Many teachers deny teaching specific information aimed at the tests.
Many teachers describe vocabulary growth from using the newspaper.
Many teachers do an excellent job of using literature and phonics in teaching reading.
Many teachers do like it, however.
Many teachers do recommend email as a good way of maintaining contact.
Many teachers do so with family math, science, and reading activities at school.
Many teachers don t see anything wrong with bullying.
Many teachers donate their time and energy to the schools where they work or to their communities.
Many teachers earn their credential with little preparation for working with families.
Many teachers employ realia at the end of the unit.
Many teachers encourage debates on crucial issues.
Many teachers encourage teamwork and require kids to work in groups.
Many teachers enter our nation's classrooms today without adequate preparation to teach.
Many teachers enter the classroom ill prepared for their subject matter area.
Many teachers expect students to be present when they arrive in class.
Many teachers expect students to follow up a formal conference with journal writing.
Many teachers face the challenge of supporting students with a variety of needs and strengths.
Many teachers feel humiliated and exhausted after the experience.
Many teachers feel isolated and powerless.
Many teachers feel overwhelmed by how much information they're already supposed to convey.
Many teachers feel that the exchange students inspire their other students to work harder.
Many teachers feel that their choice to become a teacher was a calling.
Many teachers feel the more jobs, the better.
Many teachers feel the opportunities offered by distance education outweigh the obstacles.
Many teachers feel the sheer number of tests concentrated in eighth-grade is unreasonable.
Many teachers feel they are on an uncharted journey when learning technology skills.
Many teachers find it difficult to prepare their own repertory.
Many teachers find it very hard to relinquish control of that aspect of the curriculum.
Many teachers find students are writing up to three times more than previously.
Many teachers find that first-hand experience is the best way to get to know the centre.
Many teachers find that practicing beforehand makes test administration go more easily.
Many teachers find that working with a groups is often helpful here.
Many teachers find the Internet to be a rich resource for their classrooms.
Many teachers find the Islamic prayer requirements confusing.
Many teachers find the state-written packages difficult to work with.
Many teachers find themselves teaching groups of beginners.
Many teachers find working through an introductory chapter with another teacher especially helpful.
Many teachers finish their graduate degrees and never take another course.
Many teachers genuinely fear leading a group of colleagues.
Many teachers get nervous when they hear talk about exposing their classrooms to close scrutiny.
Many teachers give extra credit to students who are published in the magazine.
Many teachers give letter grades, others assign numbers, and many provide written comments.
Many teachers give make-up exams during open lab time.
Many teachers go through identifiable stages on their way to becoming experienced technology users.
Many teachers have a chance for a coffee break.
Many teachers have a formal policy which allows each student to turn in one late paper.
Many teachers have a lack of confidence when it comes to technology.
Many teachers have a late-pay penalty fee.
Many teachers have computers in their room which are accessible to students.
Many teachers have conferences where students and parents jointly attend.
Many teachers have days when students share something from their culture, the dress or the food.
Many teachers have days when they come out of the classroom more energized than when they went in.
Many teachers have difficulty when it comes to producing unfamiliar things.
Many teachers have e-mail now too.
Many teachers have experience in the developing world already.
Many teachers have information for their students on their personal web pages.
Many teachers have instructional links for their subject matter as well.
Many teachers have just one computer in a classroom.
Many teachers have limited use of the Internet as well.
Many teachers have limited voice power and some are hearing handicapped.
Many teachers have little computer training and are still learning.
Many teachers have little connection to what they claim.
Many teachers have little experience in using the Internet to support learning in their classrooms.
Many teachers have masters degrees and a few have doctorates.
Many teachers have no idea how to use the software.
Many teachers have no such luck.
Many teachers have positive attitudes about the Internet.
Many teachers have previous experiences from the industry.
Many teachers have students take incomplete daily work home for completion as homework.
Many teachers have such a heart, but let's remember our goal.
Many teachers have summer jobs in fields related to biology teaching.
Many teachers have telephones in their classrooms and offices.
Many teachers have the mistaken view that religion is forbidden on public campuses.
Many teachers have their jobs in jeopardy.
Many teachers have their own category or extension number.
Many teachers have their own little signatures in their forms.
Many teachers have their students participate in our weekly Animal Trivia section.
Many teachers have to teach at more than one school.
Many teachers have very little training on how to create a meaningful test.
Many teachers haven t yet arrived.
Many teachers hold private classes and tutorials.
Many teachers hold side jobs as private tutors outside of their classroom workplaces.
Many teachers ignore students' inappropriate words and deeds because of possible legal retaliation.
Many teachers infuse their classrooms with community and business resources.
Many teachers interpret resource-based learning as sending students to the library to 'look it up'.
Many teachers join professional organizations for their speciality areas.
Many teachers join the ranks without certification.
Many teachers just use the material that is provided and teach from it.
Many teachers keep records of their students' activities that demonstrate citizenship concepts.
Many teachers lack extensive backgrounds in mathematics and science.
Many teachers lack permanent rooms and juggle schedules to accommodate the crushing enrollment.
Many teachers lack the technical skills necessary to use technology effectively in the classroom.
Many teachers lack training in development and use of assessment, especially secondary teachers.
Many teachers lack training in how to work with families.
Many teachers leave the region, or the profession, within their first three years in the classroom.
Many teachers like to have an owl in their classroom as they dissect pellets.
Many teachers like to involve their students in the process.
Many teachers like to log in to the project from home as well as from the classroom.
Many teachers like to post an image with their page.
Many teachers like to teach because they enjoy the subject.
Many teachers like to tell their pupils everything they know about brass playing.
Many teachers like to use children's software for graphics.
Many teachers limit or forbid use of the Internet for students' assignments.
Many teachers look for students who can come up with ideas that no other students have used.
Many teachers love teaching it because it's self-contained.
Many teachers make a bulletin board where all the monarchs sent to the class are displayed.
Many teachers make creative use of song lyrics and poetry.
Many teachers make do with outdated maps.
Many teachers make plans for the summer during that time.
Many teachers make the mistake of just wanting to do their jobs in the classroom and nothing more.
Many teachers notice a difference in kids attitudes after they work with tutors.
Many teachers now use electronic mail.
Many teachers oppose the ABCs program.
Many teachers oppose the programs discussed above and they deserve support from parents.
Many teachers opt to emphasize several different aspects of environmental education.
Many teachers pass down a lineage or a tradition from a long line of their predecessors.
Many teachers pay no co-payment for their health insurance.
Many teachers place their textbooks on reserve at the library.
Many teachers play it safe and teach rules rather than what they do in their own practices.
Many teachers post rules and procedures as reminders to students.
Many teachers prefer to create different areas within the classroom.
Many teachers prefer to have the semester finished prior to the holidays.
Many teachers prefer to play it safe and avoid mentioning their faith at all.
Many teachers prefer to work in cities outside of Prague.
Many teachers prefer to work with a team.
Many teachers prepare lectures and grade papers on evenings and weekends.
Many teachers prepare their own materials.
Many teachers provide copies of their notes to assist students in studying for tests.
Many teachers publicize their classes on the Web.
Many teachers put outlines of their notes on the Web page.
Many teachers receive merit pay based on the numbers of students who get into the top schools.
Many teachers receive supplemental pay for extra-compensatory assignments.
Many teachers recognize leadership through a student's keen interest and skill in problem solving.
Many teachers recommend a soft reed and closed mouthpiece for first year players.
Many teachers recommend assigned seating to let students know who is the boss.
Many teachers recommend using the essay form whenever possible in tests and homework assignments.
Many teachers remain in the same position for the majority of their teaching career.
Many teachers report a deep satisfaction with the service-learning processes.
Many teachers report being unprepared, and at times confused, by what the states have written.
Many teachers report having more interactions with students over the internet than in the classroom.
Many teachers report spending even more.
Many teachers report that the car issue is very popular with students.
Many teachers report they see the most learning problems with the youngest children in their class.
Many teachers reserve for winter or spring concerts immediately in the fall.
Many teachers return to graduate school to boost their qualifications and salaries.
Many teachers return to Mexico again and again to see their former students.
Many teachers routinely read excellent children's fiction to their students.
Many teachers save money to repay student loans.
Many teachers say that no two days are exactly alike and that makes their careers exciting.
Many teachers say that science is their least favorite subject to teach.
Many teachers say that the policies bring results.
Many teachers say the coaching comes at the expense of writing, science and library time.
Many teachers say the musical intelligence is the most difficult to maximize.
Many teachers say the rewards they receive go far beyond their paychecks.
Many teachers say the summer course is a slap in their face.
Many teachers say they are forbidden to talk honestly about teen sexuality.
Many teachers say they like the predictability of the structured programs.
Many teachers say they welcome the prospect of higher expectations along with higher salaries.
Many teachers seek local opportunities to fulfill their environmental education requirement.
Many teachers seem divided on the value or importance of the new educational technologies.
Many teachers seem very confused by the whole process.
Many teachers sell cigarettes, beer, soda, etc.
Many teachers send regular class newsletters as well.
Many teachers send reports to all students.
Many teachers send their e-mail address home, so check that information in case of questions.
Many teachers show up at the school's sporting events to cheer on the students.
Many teachers simply leave.
Many teachers spend a significant fraction of classroom instructional time going over examples.
Many teachers spend much of their own money to purchase materials for the classroom.
Many teachers spend ten hours or more a day in the building assisting students in some way.
Many teachers start another unit while finishing up Plants .
Many teachers start with more formal dress and go to more casual attire as the term progresses.
Many teachers start with more formal dress and go to more informal clothing as the term progresses.
Many teachers still consider it over diagnosed and a bunch of bull.
Many teachers still view their role as that of culture-conserving transmitters of knowledge.
Many teachers strive each day in places labeled as failing schools.
Many teachers struggle with confidence.
Many teachers struggle with the complexities of new technology.
Many teachers subscribe to commercial book clubs that offer very inexpensive books to children.
Many teachers successfully continue one lesson over several sessions.
Many teachers summarize the main points of the discussion and ask for questions.
Many teachers support the claim that television is having a major effect on the way children behave.
Many teachers take every opportunity to attend classes and inservices as they are offered.
Many teachers take on extra part-time jobs.
Many teachers take their vacation time to take advancedcollege courses.
Many teachers tape a piece of paper divided into time periods on the child's desk.
Many teachers teach in districts where there is great poverty.
Many teachers teach nothing but the formulas, over and over.
Many teachers team teach to help our resource room students.
Many teachers telephone or journal regularly with parents of focus students.
Many teachers test strictly from their lectures.
Many teachers think in amounts that are too small.
Many teachers think it is primarily a practical and structured guide for addressing real situations.
Many teachers think large size is synonymous with worth or creativity.
Many teachers understandably avoid discussing sexuality at all.
Many teachers use a language from each group in everyday math class communication.
Many teachers use a lecture-style forum, presenting information by talking to their students.
Many teachers use a loose leaf binder for a portfolio.
Many teachers use a traditional scientific method approach.
Many teachers use a variety of combination of methods.
Many teachers use assessments to measure individual student learning and progress.
Many teachers use charts to track student progress through the writing stages.
Many teachers use chess as a vehicle to teach critical thinking skills.
Many teachers use class sets of children's fiction to teach reading and writing.
Many teachers use computers to record the children's grades.
Many teachers use cooperative grouping in their classrooms.
Many teachers use email through the school.
Many teachers use instructional materials that come prepackaged in the form of activity kits.
Many teachers use it as a reference to supplementtheir lessons.
Many teachers use it as an alternative assessment.
Many teachers use manipulatives quite often and they are appropriate in any grade level.
Many teachers use memory aids as counting devices.
Many teachers use parent volunteers to assist with classroom activities.
Many teachers use poetry as part of their reading program.
Many teachers use predominantly the spoken family.
Many teachers use some sort of story starter to encourage children to write.
Many teachers use standard books and documentary sources, while others use CD-ROM texts.
Many teachers use story maps, webs, or lists to help students organize their ideas.
Many teachers use teaching techniques that motivate their students to want to learn mathematics.
Many teachers use the classroom to attack Western Civilization.
Many teachers use the computers for grading and professional tasks as well as for instruction.
Many teachers use the keypal program to reinforce writing-process skills.
Many teachers use the metronome as an adjunct to technical drills.
Many teachers use the newspaper advertisements for math assignments.
Many teachers use the same group structures and role assignments for small-group lessons.
Many teachers use the summer to bone up on their technology skills.
Many teachers use the text for language study prior to attending our performances.
Many teachers use their environment very effectively to educate students.
Many teachers use token economies in order to encourage appropriate classroom behavior.
Many teachers use topic motivation related to student interests, experiences, and concerns.
Many teachers utilize the case in the classroom as well.
Many teachers value the esprit de corps and the sense of making a contribution to society.
Many teachers visit nursing homes and hospitals.
Many teachers welcome the requirement.
Many teachers wonder how to use the Internet to teach in the classroom.
Many teachers wonder what to do with just one computer in a classroom.
Many teachers work beyond the school day assisting individual students and preparing for classes.
Many teachers work in a very isolated manner.
Many teachers work very hard to reach and teach their students.
Many teachers yearn for adult-oriented growth opportunities and support.
More teachers come on board as they see the impact on students.
More teachers have degrees in subjects they teach.
More Teachers have only themselves to blame .
More teachers here have web pages than at some universities.
More teachers mean more children can be served.
More teachers perceive that they have control over classroom policies than over school policies.
Most teachers accept neat corrections in pen.
Most teachers admit they use the cane and are apt to strike first and ask for explanations later.
Most teachers advise students.
Most teachers advise two times in the day.
Most teachers agree and want more training.
Most teachers agree it takes time and thoughtful planning.
Most teachers agree that students tend to isolate facts.
Most teachers allow hats though.
Most teachers allow students to write open book essays.
Most teachers already spend much more time than the daily schedule mandates.
Most teachers also accept students for who they are and for what they believe in.
Most teachers also encourage participation in the classrooms as well.
Most teachers also live on campus.
Most teachers also stay in for lunch and are available then.
Most teachers announce answers.
Most teachers announce instruction.
Most teachers apply ideas.
Most teachers appreciate beauty.
Most teachers appreciate the opportunity to interact with their student's parents.
Most teachers are advocates for their students, but often come up against the budget wall.
Most teachers are at a loss concerning what to do with a stuttering pupil.
Most teachers are available for extra help before or after school.
Most teachers are aware of the vast array of resources available on the Internet.
Most teachers are Chinese.
Most teachers are committed to teaching and modeling moral principles.
Most teachers are concerned for their students.
Most teachers are delighted to work with parents on behalf of the children.
Most teachers are eager to participate in teaching reform.
Most teachers are extremely supportive.
Most teachers are first initial-last name.
Most teachers are happy to submit a resume in for a fellow foreigner.
Most teachers are happy.
Most teachers are heroes, too, partly because they spend their lives educating others.
Most teachers are in China for a two-year assignment.
Most teachers are in favour of integration as long as they are supported in the classroom.
Most teachers are knowledgable .
Most teachers are native speakers recruited from the United States.
Most teachers are no more intelligent than their students.
Most teachers are now able to use computer technology competently.
Most teachers are painfully unaware that gender bias actually exists in their classrooms.
Most teachers are part- time, hourly employees teaching in more than one program.
Most teachers are passionate about the subjects they teach.
Most teachers are prepared to help lost students find their way around the first few weeks back.
Most teachers are responsible for a homeroom, while some teachers function as support staff.
Most teachers are steadfast in their dedication to the technique they use and teach.
Most teachers are surprised and impressed to see what their students know about mediation.
Most teachers are unfair.
Most teachers are very willing to share their secrets.
Most teachers are volunteers rather than paid.
Most teachers are volunteers.
Most teachers are women now.
Most teachers are women.
Most teachers are.
Most teachers ask pupils.
Most teachers ask questions to check understanding.
Most teachers ask students to read each others' drafts in classroom workshop sessions.
Most teachers ask students.
Most teachers assess so students can get a grade.
Most teachers assist students.
Most teachers assume roles.
Most teachers attend summer workshops.
Most teachers attend workshops.
Most teachers become very good friends with their students.
Most teachers believe that the schools can only continue for a few days more at best.
Most teachers believe the meditative effects of qi are as important as the physical exercise.
Most teachers can have students.
Most teachers can learn to use learning styles as a cornerstone of their instruction.
Most teachers can teach an average person to read.
Most teachers challenge students.
Most teachers charge for teaching.
Most teachers choose the recipients with integrity.
Most teachers choose to maintain a dollar account in their home country.
Most teachers choose to participate.
Most teachers come to the profession for the intrinsic rewards.
Most teachers completely ignore it, sometimes because their own pronunciation is bad.
Most teachers conduct experiments.
Most teachers consider charter structure essential or valuable to changed practice.
Most teachers contribute to student success.
Most teachers contribute to success.
Most teachers cover topics.
Most teachers create democratic learn environments.
Most teachers create environments.
Most teachers create experience.
Most teachers create learn environments.
Most teachers create learn experience.
Most teachers cut and paste from a variety of textbooks to create their curriculum.
Most teachers demonstrate caring and personal attention.
Most teachers demonstrate movement.
Most teachers demonstrate tasks.
Most teachers describe experiments.
Most teachers design meaningful learn tasks.
Most teachers design meaningful tasks.
Most teachers design tasks.
Most teachers determine assignments.
Most teachers develop strategies.
Most teachers discuss importance.
Most teachers discuss use.
Most teachers display examples.
Most teachers do a good job, according to student leaders from middle schools around the state .
Most teachers do know the personal dynamics at work in their classrooms, according to the study.
Most teachers don t even think about how they appear to students.
Most teachers donate a lot of their after-school time and energy to their work.
Most teachers draw attention.
Most teachers earn minimum wage.
Most teachers earn tenure within the first few years of their careers.
Most teachers emphasize goals.
Most teachers emphasize learn goals.
Most teachers encounter similar experience.
Most teachers encourage children.
Most teachers encourage learners.
Most teachers encourage students.
Most teachers enter the profession because they care about children and care about the world.
Most teachers enter the profession directly after high school.
Most teachers explain ideas.
Most teachers explain to students.
Most teachers favor some form of inclusion for their own classes.
Most teachers feel certain emotion.
Most teachers feel certain extreme emotion.
Most teachers feel emotion.
Most teachers feel extreme emotion.
Most teachers feel it's a perfect school.
Most teachers feel knowledge.
Most teachers find a timer useful to keep on track.
Most teachers find it to be a reinvigorating and intellectually stimulating encounter.
Most teachers find jobs.
Most teachers find materials.
Most teachers find resources.
Most teachers find solutions.
Most teachers find staff development workshops insulting.
Most teachers find the information sources targeted specifically to teachers quite useful.
Most teachers find topics.
Most teachers find work through a recruiting agent.
Most teachers focus analyses.
Most teachers focus on what they like to do, and what they think is important.
Most teachers gain confidence.
Most teachers gain experience.
Most teachers gain teach experience.
Most teachers give fair tests.
Most teachers give feedback.
Most teachers give instruction.
Most teachers give tests at the end of the specific units of work.
Most teachers go on exchange because they are looking for something different.
Most teachers grasp material well and enjoy putting multi-media resources together.
Most teachers hate cockroaches.
Most teachers have a class that they'd like to forget or redo and teach 'right' the second time.
Most teachers have a master degree and some principals hold an earned doctoral degree.
Most teachers have a passion for teaching.
Most teachers have a pre-class on the board that students are to do immediately upon entering class.
Most teachers have a primary field.
Most teachers have a research group on a particular topic that has periodic meetings.
Most teachers have access to a wide variety of other resources on Washington.
Most teachers have an early childhood degree or are professional preschool teachers.
Most teachers have at least one recital per year.
Most teachers have degrees.
Most teachers have each student do an individual reflection.
Most teachers have experience.
Most teachers have favorites.
Most teachers have jobs.
Most teachers have knowledge.
Most teachers have limited technology experience.
Most teachers have little formal training on later life issues.
Most teachers have many ideas up their selves.
Most teachers have many ideas up their sleeves.
Most teachers have master's or doctor's degrees.
Most teachers have meetings before, during, and after school several times per week.
Most teachers have much less experience with the latter two phases than with the first.
Most teachers have options.
Most teachers have particular topics.
Most teachers have reasonable expectations.
Most teachers have rules.
Most teachers have several choices from the curriculum they use.
Most teachers have some routine of their own to handle the writing of evaluations.
Most teachers have specialized credentials.
Most teachers have strength.
Most teachers have students.
Most teachers have summer homes at the beach or in the mountains.
Most teachers have the daily bulletin posted in the classroom.
Most teachers have time set aside for students before and after school.
Most teachers have to spend much of their summer mastering the new material.
Most teachers have to supplement their income.
Most teachers have to take classes then.
Most teachers have to wrestle with the same problems.
Most teachers have topics.
Most teachers have web pages or forums on which they post assignments.
Most teachers have yet to read drafts of standards being developed at any level.
Most teachers help children.
Most teachers help development.
Most teachers help ideas.
Most teachers help students.
Most teachers here are very helpful.
Most teachers hold degrees.
Most teachers identify students.
Most teachers indicate frustration with the current amount of instructional and planning time.
Most teachers inform students.
Most teachers initially view technology as tools to make their jobs easier and more efficient.
Most teachers interpret the scripture in complex ways that perplex their students.
Most teachers introduce ideas.
Most teachers introduce pupils.
Most teachers involve in activities.
Most teachers join forces.
Most teachers just give student the stuff in books.
Most teachers keep in minds.
Most teachers know judgment.
Most teachers know quite well what they are to teach.
Most teachers know that it's best to open a parent conference on a positive note.
Most teachers lack access to a wide range of resources from which to make selections.
Most teachers lead students.
Most teachers learn common interest.
Most teachers learn interest.
Most teachers leave rooms.
Most teachers like to start the year with something fresh and new.
Most teachers live by their values.
Most teachers live in houses.
Most teachers look for books in which the story blasts off from the first few pages.
Most teachers look for ideas.
Most teachers look for new ideas.
Most teachers love babies.
Most teachers make careers.
Most teachers make it very clear who can teach and exactly what that includes.
Most teachers make progress.
Most teachers make statements.
Most teachers make tests.
Most teachers make time to meet with students after school.
Most teachers meet students.
Most teachers never realize the full impact of their teaching.
Most teachers never try to answer their own essay questions.
Most teachers now access the Internet rather than electronic bulletin boards.
Most teachers now exchange written text with students on paper.
Most teachers now have preparation time in contract.
Most teachers observe ability.
Most teachers observe students.
Most teachers offer a free interview.
Most teachers offer a set number of drop-in office hours each week.
Most teachers offer both regularly scheduled group lessons and private lessons by appointment.
Most teachers offer guidance.
Most teachers offer students.
Most teachers organize topics into units.
Most teachers overplan, a result of years of habit.
Most teachers plan lessons.
Most teachers point to the difference between two kisses.
Most teachers prefer open-ended problems over canned lesson plans.
Most teachers prefer to use programs in their classrooms on videotape.
Most teachers prepare study guides or assign questions in the text.
Most teachers probably agree, in principle, with the idea of educational freedom.
Most teachers promote growth.
Most teachers promote vocabulary growth.
Most teachers provide a lot of information about the test during class.
Most teachers provide a manual.
Most teachers provide additional resources.
Most teachers provide definition.
Most teachers provide feedback to increase student learning in specific areas.
Most teachers provide instruction.
Most teachers provide resources.
Most teachers provide study guides for major exams.
Most teachers question behavior.
Most teachers reach a small number of students each day.
Most teachers reach ages.
Most teachers read stories.
Most teachers receive notes.
Most teachers recognize good or bad writing when they see it.
Most teachers remain behind closed doors all day.
Most teachers remember their first year of teaching as months filled with stress and high anxiety.
Most teachers report making some use of the Internet in their professional activities.
Most teachers report that culture is an integral part of their curriculum implementation.
Most teachers require at least eight tests during the course of the term.
Most teachers require double spacing.
Most teachers require students.
Most teachers say some parental help is good.
Most teachers say they feel little or no pressure to promote unqualified youngsters.
Most teachers say they prefer to know what's going on in their students' lives.
Most teachers say they try to be flexible.
Most teachers say they want to know what's going on in a student's life.
Most teachers see proof.
Most teachers see schools.
Most teachers see students.
Most teachers see their job as getting students to do the work .
Most teachers see themselves as white collar and professional.
Most teachers seek advancement.
Most teachers seek education.
Most teachers seek employment in the state and county or school district where they reside.
Most teachers seek information.
Most teachers seem to be corrupt.
Most teachers seem to be happy, satisfied.
Most teachers show a vigorous commitment to all three.
Most teachers show examples.
Most teachers show students.
Most teachers spell it definatly or defanitly.
Most teachers spend some of their time breaking up fights between pupils.
Most teachers spend their entire working career teaching to a captive audience.
Most teachers spew.
Most teachers start by looking up web pages, and by sending email to colleagues and friends.
Most teachers start on point two and add a point each year.
Most teachers start with explain and then let the kids confirm that what was explained is true.
Most teachers stay with their students for two years, though there have been a few three-year loops.
Most teachers still don t know how to use computers in the classroom.
Most teachers still require students to keep assignment notebooks.
Most teachers still teach phonics.
Most teachers still use tradition-bound methods.
Most teachers strive for that well balanced environment in their classrooms.
Most teachers struggle with classroom organization throughout their professional lives.
Most teachers suggest assessments.
Most teachers support students.
Most teachers support the apprehensiveness and support diversity in their schools.
Most teachers swap positions with foreign peers.
Most teachers take notes.
Most teachers take responsibility.
Most teachers take time.
Most teachers teach because they love kids and care about their spiritual nurture.
Most teachers teach children.
Most teachers teach dances rather than dancing, because it's easier.
Most teachers teach in isolation.
Most teachers teach in traditional classrooms.
Most teachers teach speaking skills.
Most teachers teach students.
Most teachers teach the same way they learned the material.
Most teachers teach up a storm regardless of learning.
Most teachers test immune to the virus by the time they have been teaching a few years.
Most teachers truly like to teach, and most teachers truly enjoy their area of expertise.
Most teachers understand children.
Most teachers understand that some children are more wary than others.
Most teachers use a paper source document and then transcribe marks to their computer for analysis.
Most teachers use a trial and error method to factor an expression involving three terms.
Most teachers use a variety of methods to teach .
Most teachers use a variety of methods to teach.
Most teachers use analyses.
Most teachers use assessment data to audit student performance rather than to infon-n instruction.
Most teachers use assessments.
Most teachers use booklets.
Most teachers use cardstock as a reusable, sequenced lab.
Most teachers use demonstrations.
Most teachers use hands.
Most teachers use ideas.
Most teachers use information.
Most teachers use it in their classrooms.
Most teachers use resources.
Most teachers use several methods instead of one.
Most teachers using an O-G approach follow a lesson plan that provides structure to the approach.
Most teachers utilize mathematics.
Most teachers view television and video programs from videotapes rather than live broadcast.
Most teachers wait less than a second for an answer to a question.
Most teachers welcome questions.
Most teachers wish they'd had better training in classroom management.
Most teachers work an evangelistic lesson into their classes.
Most teachers work at colleges.
Most teachers work four hours per day plus one hour preparation, five days per week.
Most teachers work hard for the money they earn.
Most teachers work in colleges.
Most teachers work in community colleges.
Most teachers work in debilitating isolation.
Most teachers work in private schools.
Most teachers work in schools.
Most teachers work with students.
Most teachers work years.
Some teachers accept late and makeup assignments, while others don t.
Some teachers add other levels, information from other traditions, and so forth.
Some teachers advise students on careers and schools.
Some teachers advise students to watch television in order to improve their fluency.
Some teachers agree.
Some teachers allow an extra day for their tests to be taken if their students pay a late fee.
Some teachers allow foreign students to have the oral part of the exam in English.
Some teachers allow no reschedules.
Some teachers allow students to begin homework in class if time permits.
Some teachers allow students to count with their fingers.
Some teachers already have accounts that they use for personal email.
Some teachers also agree that more time is needed in the school year to cover important material.
Some teachers also allow students a greater voice in deciding on the focus of the seminar.
Some teachers also create rhythm parts or exercises with the percussion line notation.
Some teachers also have links, click on their picture.
Some teachers also have students keep lists in their folder of what they have learned.
Some teachers also make science project to make the science class interesting.
Some teachers also publish classroom news on a regular basis.
Some teachers also publish classroom news.
Some teachers also report trouble controlling the flow of communication from students.
Some teachers also require email.
Some teachers also tie the experience directly into their curriculum.
Some teachers also use concordancers to prepare printed worksheets for their students.
Some teachers also use printers, digital cameras and calculators.
Some teachers also utilize portfolio and performance-based assessment strategies.
Some teachers also welcome the opportunities to work at home that virtual schools make possible.
Some teachers append examples of test questions from previous semesters.
Some teachers appreciate having extra adults help oversee the actual experiments.
Some teachers are afraid to speak and have been called down on it.
Some teachers are against it.
Some teachers are also willing to be in touch by phone or e-mail.
Some teachers are also worried about the effects of going head to head with their boss.
Some teachers are bored, while others are overwhelmed.
Some teachers are busy rehearsing and reviewing their notes.
Some teachers are concerned about the information provided by primary schools.
Some teachers are difficult to understand.
Some teachers are discovery oriented.
Some teachers are enormously more effective than other teachers, year after year.
Some teachers are even exceptional, particularly in elementary schools.
Some teachers are excellent lecturers.
Some teachers are fearful of giving constructive feedback out of concern for losing students.
Some teachers are good with children, others with adults.
Some teachers are grateful for the freebies.
Some teachers are great instructors but lousy spellers.
Some teachers are great, of course.
Some teachers are great, then there are some who are just too hard to learn from.
Some teachers are just more fun than others.
Some teachers are just too concerned with teaching that discipline takes a back seat.
Some teachers are lazy.
Some teachers are lifers.
Some teachers are light on homework and others give some every day.
Some teachers are more biased toward guys and vice versa.
Some teachers are more critical of themselves than any other detractor.
Some teachers are more nurturing and positive than others.
Some teachers are naturals.
Some teachers are nice and some teachers are mean.
Some teachers are nice, some are bumbling, some are destructive.
Some teachers are open to having parent volunteers and some aren t.
Some teachers are opposed to it from start to finish.
Some teachers are parents who are showing love for their children as they teach their classes.
Some teachers are ready to allow topic choice by the students, others have definite topics in mind.
Some teachers are skeptical of character education and see it as a fad.
Some teachers are so busy moving from one visual to another that the audience gets lost.
Some teachers are speed boats, some are row boats, and some are rocks.
Some teachers are still uncertain where they prefer to teach.
Some teachers are such creatures of habit that their character is locked into place.
Some teachers are the kind who spend a lifetime building a living legacy in their students.
Some teachers are there to help the students, others just want the check.
Some teachers are unmotivated or incompetent.
Some teachers are up in arms about the decree as well.
Some teachers are very difficult.
Some teachers are very formal and others informal.
Some teachers are very nice.
Some teachers are very rigid when it comes to issues of promptness.
Some teachers are workers, others are leaders.
Some teachers are, unfortunately, bully in one way or other.
Some teachers ask the student to write a final copy on other paper at home or at school.
Some teachers ask the students to print their names on the front page of the paper they use.
Some teachers assess their students and their own uses of technology quantitatively.
Some teachers assign buddies within the classroom to help the new student for a few days.
Some teachers assign pupils.
Some teachers assume that multiple choice items encourage superficial studying.
Some teachers attempt to complete running records as often as each week.
Some teachers attempt to teach the skills incidentally as they are encountered.
Some teachers become counselors.
Some teachers become devotees of one or another learning style system.
Some teachers become guides.
Some teachers become school counselors.
Some teachers begin the day by asking the children to sit in a circle.
Some teachers believe a person is taught to be homosexual rather than born to be one.
Some teachers believe it is improper for academic writing.
Some teachers believe it is inappropriate to answer any questions on the subject.
Some teachers believe that giving students low grades adds luster to their own reputations.
Some teachers believe that pictures are for young children.
Some teachers believe the best deterrent to online crime is the fear of being caught.
Some teachers believe they have to write a goal for every single class the student is taking.
Some teachers belong to an educational organization which offers music theory testing.
Some teachers blame having too much ground to cover and no time for depth.
Some teachers break through the bureaucracy and frustration to demand excellence.
Some teachers bring just the students from their class.
Some teachers bring to life.
Some teachers calculate size.
Some teachers call on students.
Some teachers call parents at home.
Some teachers call the bonuses unethical and unfair.
Some teachers can even customize their site to allow parent access to grades.
Some teachers can fill the role of a dad to kids.
Some teachers can fill the roll of a mom to kids.
Some teachers can hold a room's attention with an interesting story told at a whisper.
Some teachers cause diseases.
Some teachers charge fees directly to families, but few can pay.
Some teachers charge more depending on their degree and experience.
Some teachers check out books from the public library, others shop at garage sales.
Some teachers choose to issue mid-term grade reports to all students.
Some teachers choose to order for the entire year in advance, which has worked out quite well.
Some teachers collect evidence.
Some teachers come from 'back East,' as it is often called.
Some teachers come into a child's life and quickly go.
Some teachers commit suicide.
Some teachers commute by carpool.
Some teachers complain about design clutter and busy layouts.
Some teachers complain about the changes, but most are putting the new training to use.
Some teachers complain that the voucher schemes are geared towards creating consumers of tomorrow.
Some teachers complete experiments.
Some teachers conduct modules.
Some teachers conduct simulation as an after school extra-curricular activity.
Some teachers continue to use unit and chapter examinations as their form of assessment.
Some teachers count only certain major assignments.
Some teachers create paintings.
Some teachers create portrait paintings.
Some teachers derive benefits.
Some teachers derive great benefits.
Some teachers describe feeling shaken, anxious, and incompetent.
Some teachers describe the preposition as being anything that a rabbit can do to a log.
Some teachers design their own quiz sheets.
Some teachers designate and label space on bookshelves.
Some teachers die in accidents.
Some teachers die in deadly accidents.
Some teachers discuss cost.
Some teachers discuss rather freely, the school's business before the students.
Some teachers dismiss merit pay as an attempt to avoid paying teachers what they're worth.
Some teachers disrespect others by wanting power and achieving it in the wrong manner.
Some teachers distribute fact sheets at the beginning of some simulations.
Some teachers distribute handbooks outlining expectations for the year.
Some teachers do an excellent job of adapting curriculum and developing IEPs for students.
Some teachers do experiments.
Some teachers do just that, with consummate skill.
Some teachers do respond more knowledgeably.
Some teachers do the same thing year after year, never growing and changing with the times.
Some teachers do the same.
Some teachers do up photocopied sheeets instead of asking children to buy textboooks.
Some teachers don t go out of their way to teach.
Some teachers draw circuits.
Some teachers draw electrical circuits.
Some teachers draw simple circuits.
Some teachers draw simple electrical circuits.
Some teachers drive three or four hours to get the materials.
Some teachers earn extra income by working in the school system during summer sessions.
Some teachers earn extra income during the summer working in the school system or in other jobs.
Some teachers earn extra income during the summer working within the school system or at other jobs.
Some teachers earn extra income during the summer, working in the school system or in other jobs.
Some teachers eat animals.
Some teachers encourage members.
Some teachers end up blaming the students and their parents for poor test results.
Some teachers end up teaching a subject or subjects for which they feel inadequate.
Some teachers enlist the help of parents, aides, or student teachers.
Some teachers enter time.
Some teachers err on the side of leniency.
Some teachers even decorate their carts for the seasons, complete with flashing lights and horns.
Some teachers even draw teeth inside the symbol to dramatize the concept.
Some teachers even have courses online.
Some teachers even have each of their students select a pseudonym or nom de plume.
Some teachers even make their e-mail addresses available for homework questions.
Some teachers even provide sandpaper letters for children to feel.
Some teachers even require that the parent be present in the classes.
Some teachers even write the letter themselves.
Some teachers exchange students for reading and mathematics.
Some teachers expect children.
Some teachers face tremendous pressure to put students en pointe very young.
Some teachers feel burdens.
Some teachers feel comfortable with inquiry learning and independent study.
Some teachers feel distance runners.
Some teachers feel extra burdens.
Some teachers feel more comfortable pointing out the changes they've made as they come up in class.
Some teachers feel proud when a high percentage of their students fail.
Some teachers feel runners.
Some teachers feel science.
Some teachers feel that elementary students are too young to self-assess themselves.
Some teachers feel uninterested in such work.
Some teachers find it helpful to create a symbol center so that spontaneous communication can occur.
Some teachers find salamanders.
Some teachers find suggestions.
Some teachers find that a sign-up sheet promotes equitable access.
Some teachers find that plan insulting.
Some teachers find that they have to switch every twenty minutes.
Some teachers find that unconventional approaches help keep high-voltage students engaged.
Some teachers find themselves rationing both textbooks and toilet paper.
Some teachers forget that they love teaching kids.
Some teachers generate lesson plans from curriculum assessment software programs.
Some teachers get reassurance when their students fail.
Some teachers get worried when they have to talk about science.
Some teachers give assignments that all or nearly all students earn perfect scores.
Some teachers give more than one midterm exam .
Some teachers give more than one midterm exam.
Some teachers give problems.
Some teachers give students a chance to tell something about themselves to the rest of the class.
Some teachers give students notebook grades.
Some teachers give the student extra time for homework assignments or tests.
Some teachers give theories.
Some teachers go so far as to have students throw clubs down the range.
Some teachers hate the down time.
Some teachers have a different view of the model's limitations.
Some teachers have a real knack for it.
Some teachers have a research site in mind and know a contact person.
Some teachers have both middle school classes and high school classes.
Some teachers have both qualifications.
Some teachers have charts on the schoolroom wall with gold paper stars showing perfect scores.
Some teachers have different methods.
Some teachers have effort.
Some teachers have e-mail addresses.
Some teachers have email.
Some teachers have extra aquariums available.
Some teachers have extra instruments they offer to rent to their students.
Some teachers have farms.
Some teachers have folders in which they collect magazine photos of individual species of ducks.
Some teachers have individual web pages.
Some teachers have Internet access through their schools, and many more have and use it at home.
Some teachers have more extensive web pages.
Some teachers have perspective.
Some teachers have pet snakes.
Some teachers have programs.
Some teachers have questions.
Some teachers have school improvement effort.
Some teachers have snakes.
Some teachers have something on the board for the students to do as soon as they enter the room.
Some teachers have special posters with hooks that can be changed regularly.
Some teachers have spouses who are in the same situation.
Some teachers have students do the majority of project work as homework or as extra credit work.
Some teachers have students keep logs of their silent reading.
Some teachers have students share writing with other schools.
Some teachers have the knack of making homework fun.
Some teachers have their names linked to their classroom e-mail accounts.
Some teachers have their own laptop computer, with an ethernet adapter.
Some teachers have their students assemble a work portfolio in a folder.
Some teachers have their students vote on the problem.
Some teachers have their students write articles for their very own mini-newspapers.
Some teachers have trouble talking to their students.
Some teachers have websites on other sites.
Some teachers have workers.
Some teachers help learn skills.
Some teachers help lifelong learn skills.
Some teachers help lifelong skills.
Some teachers help skills.
Some teachers help the students by telling the students to look at the question again.
Some teachers help youngsters create a classroom newsletter.
Some teachers here are better for beginners, others are better for professionals.
Some teachers hold classes specifically for children, as well as mother and toddler classes.
Some teachers hold regular electronic office hours, when they log on to consult with their students.
Some teachers impart the knowledge in the same manner, year after year.
Some teachers inadvertently reinforce bullying behavior in other ways.
Some teachers incorporate quests.
Some teachers insist on a learner mastering one skill perfectly before going on to the next.
Some teachers integrate bulletin boards into teaching themes.
Some teachers introduce concepts.
Some teachers introduce kids to aerodynamics through building kites in class.
Some teachers involve students in the process of designing units of work.
Some teachers jsut fudge and answer and many students walk away believeing it as truth.
Some teachers just teach a lesson without asking the students if they understand it.
Some teachers keep the pledge posted all year.
Some teachers lack awareness of the types of diverse learning needs within higher education.
Some teachers lack the personality needed.
Some teachers lack the training to teach tougher courses.
Some teachers leave no plans.
Some teachers lecture only and others have a discussion type class.
Some teachers like to add a final coat of torn paper toweling for a better painting surface.
Some teachers like to add arm and hand gestures.
Some teachers like to harvest the silk.
Some teachers like to keep copies of all messages sent online for the session.
Some teachers like to participate in all of the activities, others prefer to observe.
Some teachers like to prepare videotapes or slide presentations of their classes.
Some teachers like to use a opening song during their morning circle time.
Some teachers like to use assessment charts that they post in the gym.
Some teachers like to use the list of scavenger hunt words to write a class summary.
Some teachers like to use the timed exercises to sustain students' skills.
Some teachers love it.
Some teachers love mathematics.
Some teachers make brilliant assignments that combine learning and pleasure.
Some teachers make creative problem-solving an integral part of their curriculum.
Some teachers make excuses and have low expectations.
Some teachers make much greater physical demands on their students than others.
Some teachers never attend any staff function in their association with the school.
Some teachers never hear about other teaching methods, only the grammar-translation method.
Some teachers never look for their faults so they go uncorrected.
Some teachers now have websites and their own information where their own information is on-line.
Some teachers object to an 'everyday' voice, and require a more formal detached tone.
Some teachers offer extra credit.
Some teachers only allow pencils and others prefer mechanical pencils.
Some teachers only give three large tests during one term, which results in three marks.
Some teachers only work during the week.
Some teachers pick and choose from the Bible.
Some teachers point at the abundant scientific evidence that disproves religious principals.
Some teachers pose a question or a problem to the students and then collect their responses.
Some teachers post homework for the week, while others post each day.
Some teachers post their weekly homework schedule on their web page.
Some teachers prefer a more planned environment.
Some teachers prefer a structured classroom while others use a less formal setting.
Some teachers prefer developing the procedures in collaboration with the students.
Some teachers prefer that all students travel with a passport.
Some teachers prefer to arrange the student's desks in a hollow square or circle.
Some teachers prefer to do the sending and receiving themselves.
Some teachers prefer to form the same kind of line as the days go by.
Some teachers prefer to go it alone.
Some teachers prefer to make their own clipboard to save money.
Some teachers prefer to schedule time in the weekly schedule for students to work on projects.
Some teachers prefer to use a double page learning log.
Some teachers prefer to work with their students doing the very activities they do in their lives.
Some teachers prefer workbooks, others hardback texts.
Some teachers prepare material for students while others use method books.
Some teachers present unacceptable attitudes toward the use of force.
Some teachers provide prompts to help students begin their writing.
Some teachers provide students.
Some teachers publish online class information accessible from the grade level pages.
Some teachers put directions directly on the assigned pages of music.
Some teachers put students down.
Some teachers put up assignments that can only be accessed through the Web.
Some teachers question the value and purposes of review sessions.
Some teachers read books.
Some teachers read poems.
Some teachers refuse, and tell then to keep practising away at just a couple.
Some teachers reject the new trend only because it is new.
Some teachers rely on teen-agers to interpret for their parents.
Some teachers report that they communicate several times a month with parents on email.
Some teachers report transparencies.
Some teachers require students to buy books.
Some teachers restrict bathroom use to a certain time of day or between classes.
Some teachers rue the loss of such academic skills at the altar of financial success.
Some teachers run clubs.
Some teachers say doing too many things at the same time is just too much to deal with.
Some teachers say it helps the students when they cut along the lines.
Some teachers say that allowing students to use the microphones increases student confidence.
Some teachers say that students seem to reject, ignore, or forget their homework.
Some teachers say to go with that.
Some teachers schedule activities to a much greater extent than others.
Some teachers schedule conferences that fit in with parents' work hours.
Some teachers schedule extra time for the Store.
Some teachers schedule quizzes, exams or tests for the week.
Some teachers see child health.
Some teachers see health.
Some teachers seem to enjoy turning tests into ordeals.
Some teachers seem to feel that the science curriculum intrudes on their own courses.
Some teachers seem to have an unending supply of inspired ideas for classroom bulletin boards.
Some teachers seem to like to be helped, and they expect to be told what to do as well.
Some teachers seem to model an attitude that is positive, inclusive, and optimistic.
Some teachers select copies.
Some teachers select special students for a full tuition waiver.
Some teachers select struggling students who benefit from positive reinforcement from the principal.
Some teachers send it weekly, others biweekly or monthly.
Some teachers send out a copy of the studio policy every fall, at the beginning of the studio year.
Some teachers send their animals home with their students over vacations or weekends.
Some teachers share ideas for family traveling and vacation projects.
Some teachers show the programs weekly, some monthly, some daily.
Some teachers sing in the choir every week and our services are televised.
Some teachers sleep with students.
Some teachers speak very poor English and some are so old they can t relate to the students.
Some teachers specialize in subjects.
Some teachers specialize in theories, procedures and about enterprise management.
Some teachers spend more time teaching than the pastor does.
Some teachers start by asking children what they want to know about.
Some teachers stay late once a week so students can get quality time on the computers.
Some teachers still view the computer as a copier of text.
Some teachers stop the tape briefly at key points to test recognition or understanding of new words.
Some teachers strictly teach in the classrooms, and that's it.
Some teachers submit lists for the entire semester.
Some teachers supervise employer based work experience programs at work sites.
Some teachers support approaches.
Some teachers support traditional approaches.
Some teachers take a lot of time and use outside sources to teach about the history of slavery.
Some teachers take advantage of the diversity.
Some teachers take care.
Some teachers take lessons.
Some teachers take personal things at home to work.
Some teachers take reading time for children's literature.
Some teachers take the approach that the children are deaf and unable to understand everything.
Some teachers talk about life.
Some teachers talk very little during a lesson and some talk a lot.
SOme teachers teach a mini lesson in the pre reading section.
Some teachers teach for others to learn.
Some teachers teach preschool and up.
Some teachers teach shots.
Some teachers teach their students about the different mindsets directly.
Some teachers teach young children in kindergarten or primary schools .
Some teachers teach young children in kindergarten or primary schools.
Some teachers tell students to get out of the classroom.
Some teachers tend to be less harsh on the first few days, and some are a bit stricter.
Some teachers tend to expect more of their students than do others.
Some teachers think of videoconferencing as a baby-sitting tool.
Some teachers think that using the authors' suggested methodology ensures effective learning.
Some teachers train in less formal apprenticeship programs.
Some teachers try putting a new spin on an old topic.
Some teachers try to cut corners by using the homework sheets copied on regular paper.
Some teachers try to make class interesting, but others just stand in front of the room and talk.
Some teachers turn over to students the responsibility for creating classroom bulletin boards.
Some teachers understand the situation and are willing to accommodate a few tardies.
Some teachers use a group-work approach to teaching.
Some teachers use a listserv to communicate with the students in their class.
Some teachers use a separate binder to record unexcused absences, and lates.
Some teachers use a single computer in a classroom with fifteen to thirty students.
Some teachers use a weekly grade system as an incentive for students.
Some teachers use all the strategies.
Some teachers use an object which is passed around in the circle.
Some teachers use animation.
Some teachers use bottles.
Some teachers use carrels around the student's desk to help block out too much stimulation.
Some teachers use chicken wings from the supermarket.
Some teachers use individual points or point sheets to reward students.
Some teachers use it a lot more than others.
Some teachers use it as a simple checklist.
Some teachers use just the textbooks that they are given.
Some teachers use letters and numbers to describe a song's form.
Some teachers use materials imported from India.
Some teachers use music.
Some teachers use observations.
Some teachers use plastic, inexpensive rolling carts to store the blocks.
Some teachers use portfolios in all subject areas, others in just one subject.
Some teachers use power writing.
Some teachers use Pretzels successfully all year long without advancing to negative issues.
Some teachers use rubrics.
Some teachers use rules to structure group sessions.
Some teachers use squeeze bottles.
Some teachers use student journals to help students become better organized.
Some teachers use the newspaper in their teaching every day.
Some teachers use the plastic from the tops of fast food drink cups.
Some teachers use the program intermittently throughout the year.
Some teachers use the school volunteer program to lend a hand.
Some teachers use the summer to take educational trips.
Some teachers use their research budget if they are lucky enough to have one.
Some teachers utilize only sitting.
Some teachers videotape their students at work, capturing their comments about what they are doing.
Some teachers visit pools.
Some teachers warn that beginning a sentence with a coordinating conjunction is wrong.
Some teachers watch rabbits.
Some teachers wear a counter on their risk to keep track of their statements.
Some teachers wear their ignorance of science as a badge of honor.
Some teachers welcome feedback from a trusted colleague or suggestions from a skilled expert.
Some teachers win trials.
Some teachers wish to, for financial reasons, finish the program more quickly than others.
Some teachers work for colleges.
Some teachers work for universities.
Some teachers work for year colleges.
Some teachers work in teams.
Some teachers work in the office and some at home, some days, some nights.
Some teachers work in universities.
Some teachers work with education teachers.
Some teachers work with special education teachers.
Some teachers work with teachers.
Some teachers work with universities.
Some teachers work with various grade levels.
Some teachers worry that business is looking only for basic skills.
Some teachers write ideas.
Some teachers write textbooks.
Some teachers yell at the pupils, who only yell back.
A teachers college is a junior college
Teachers college offers coverage with the health insurance carriers listed below.
Teachers days are now to be divided into instructional time and co-instructional time .
Teachers unions are the single most powerful force in American education.
Teachers unions can live with such a system if they know there is no alternative.
Teachers unions demand smaller class sizes and better working conditions.
Teachers unions enjoy their monopoly and invest to protect it.
Teachers unions hate the idea, taken to be a good sign.
Teachers unions have yet to take a stand on the idea.
Most teachers unions insist on voluntary transfers based on seniority.
Teaching activities are an important component of the division.
Teaching activities are in the graduate school and medical school.
Teaching activities are methods of secondary teaching and family ethnic and culture diversity.
Teaching activities emphasize agricultural law.
Teaching activities emphasize applied child development issues.
Teaching activities emphasize behavioral observation of marital and family interaction.
Teaching activities emphasize development of stereotypes, and gender roles.
Teaching activities emphasize food preparation, product development and quantity food production.
Teaching activities emphasize human development, family relationships, and parenting.
Teaching activities emphasize social-emotional development, peer relationships, and temperament.
Teaching activities focus on marriage and family relationships.
Teaching activities includes an undergraduate course in food science and technology.
Teaching activities performed by GAs include lecturing, instruction and grading.
Teaching aid is equipment
Teaching aid is equipment.
Teaching aids are available for anatomical study and practical presentation.
Teaching aids are easy to understand, generally include illustrations, and are reproducible.
Teaching aids establish the proper motion and proper set up and grip just by holding the club.
Many teaching aids are available.
Many teaching aids present a biased view of women's roles in science.
Some teaching aids are small-group assignments.
Teaching anthropology is a good way to teach writing.
Teaching artists looking for work please see the question below .
Teaching assistants aid faculty in teaching one or more courses.
Teaching assistants are also available for feedback.
Teaching assistants are also available for the students.
Teaching assistants are an essential resource.
Teaching assistants are available during office hours to assist students with accounting principles.
Teaching assistants are available in the form of personal spirit guides.
Teaching assistants are available to students both in and out of class.
Teaching assistants are eligible for other awards, including scholarships and fellowships.
Teaching assistants are expensive and are being cut from collapsing school budgets.
Teaching assistants are graduate students.
Teaching assistants are highly encouraged to participate.
Teaching assistants are in a power position relative to students in their classes.
Teaching assistants are in another building.
Teaching assistants are located in universities.
Teaching assistants are most often graduate students pursuing a masters or doctoral degree.
Teaching assistants are most often graduate students pursuing a master's or doctoral degree.
Teaching assistants are on staff to aide in the classrooms and help with recess supervision.
Teaching assistants are only responsible for the course to which they are formally assigned.
Teaching assistants are people.
Teaching assistants are responsible for a first-year language class.
Teaching assistants are responsible for discussion section, grading exams and make-up exams.
Teaching assistants are responsible for laboratory instruction and grading.
Teaching assistants are responsible for room and board expenses.
Teaching assistants are the faculty, as far as they're concerned.
Teaching assistants are usually senior psychology majors.
Teaching assistants are valuable components of the university system.
Teaching assistants are workers.
Teaching assistants ask questions that students are required to answer.
Teaching assistants assist with remediation in reading and math.
Teaching assistants assist with the instructional program of undergraduate courses or laboratories.
Teaching assistants benefit from a structured program of training in university-level teaching.
Teaching assistants can be sources of very credible and helpful letters of reference.
Teaching assistants can make assignments based on the films.
Teaching assistants conduct elementary language classes and discussion sections.
Teaching assistants differ from the type of laboratory format required.
Teaching assistants earn approximately the same pay as research assistants.
Teaching assistants earn two credits for participating in the program for one year.
Teaching assistants follow the regular academic calendar.
Teaching assistants give individual attention to students while working on projects.
Teaching assistants give tutorials and assist instructors with grading.
Teaching assistants handle discussion sections in the American and European surveys.
Teaching assistants have access to the departmental copier for teaching materials only.
Teaching assistants have course material preparation and instructional responsibilities.
Teaching assistants have responsibility for all grading.
Teaching assistants have total and complete responsibility for teaching one course per semester.
Teaching assistants help instructors, and participate in further training programs.
Teaching assistants help provide quality education for undergraduate students.
Teaching assistants help supervise lab exercises, grade papers and lead discussion sections.
Teaching assistants help the teaching process both inside and outside the classroom.
Teaching assistants learn about the role of affirmative action in the U.S. classroom.
Teaching assistants meet with their section one hour per week for a problem-solving session.
Teaching assistants offer tutoring sessions and workshops in math, science and English each week.
Teaching assistants pay tuition at the in-state rate for credits beyond the first nine.
Teaching assistants perform assigned instructional duties under the supervision of a faculty member.
Teaching assistants play a critical role in the teaching mission of the university.
Teaching assistants prove to be valuable colleagues in large classes.
Teaching assistants provide learning support for children with special needs.
Teaching assistants provide support to faculty members in introductory economics classes.
Teaching assistants provide undergraduate students with excellent instruction and added attention.
Teaching assistants receive a full tuition waiver.
Teaching assistants receive a stipend and a tuition scholarship.
Teaching assistants receive a stipend and a tuition waiver.
Teaching assistants receive a stipend and partial scholarship.
Teaching assistants receive a week-long training in a special workshop.
Teaching assistants receive additional compensation.
Teaching assistants receive fee waivers covering their tution.
Teaching assistants receive feedback and support in a number of ways.
Teaching assistants receive proper orientation, supervision, and evaluation.
Teaching assistants receive stipends and tuition scholorships for ten months of service.
Teaching assistants receive training in pedagogy.
Teaching assistants receive two credit hours each semester.
Teaching assistants reduce their course load in proportion to their teaching load.
Teaching assistants run labs sessions or teach undergraduate courses.
Teaching assistants run review sections and grade assignments.
Teaching assistants supervise the discussions and laboratory courses .
Teaching assistants supervise undergraduate laboratories.
Teaching assistants teach discussion sessions on Fridays.
Teaching assistants teach laboratory sections of undergraduate and graduate courses.
Teaching assistants teach one course per semester.
Teaching assistants teach or assist in teaching a course.
Teaching assistants teach or assist with undergraduate courses or in laboratories.
Teaching assistants teach two introductory speech communication classes per semester.
Teaching assistants teach two sections of composition per term.
Teaching assistants tend to see less traffic far in advance of the problem set due date.
Teaching assistants work under the direct supervision of members of the professorial staff.
Teaching assistants work under the supervision of a faculty member and assist with instruction.
Teaching assistants work with individuals or groups of students on instructional programs.
All teaching assistants have an office equipped with a computer and most have network access.
All teaching assistants have an office equipped with a computer and network access.
All teaching assistants receive intensive training preceding the beginning of instruction.
Any teaching assistant is welcome to attend.
Many teaching assistants work extensively with special education students.
Most teaching assistants intend to treat all students justly and fairly.
Most teaching assistants wish to treat all students justly and fairly.
Some teaching assistants are themselves foreign students.
Some teaching assistants teach subjects which are largely unfamiliar to their students.
Teaching associates are the instructor of record for their courses.
Teaching associates gain valuable experience toward a teaching career in the community colleges.
Teaching awards are another nonfix.
Teaching cases bring an invaluable element of reality into business and management study.
Teaching certification is a plus.
Teaching certification is approved in Latin for majors or minors in secondary school.
Teaching certification is available for elementary and secondary school levels.
Teaching certification is available in mathematics.
Teaching certification is available.
Teaching certification is granted when Pennsylvania's requirements are met.
Teaching courses are lecture serieses.
Teaching elders are pastors.
Teaching ethics continues to be a controversial issue in education.
Teaching evolution helps train children to be on the side of the state.
Teaching faculties tend to have local reputations but a lower research profiles.
Teaching faculty is evaluated in core conference presentations.
Teaching faculty receive pay for the break between fall and spring semesters.
All teaching faculty are eligible to apply.
All teaching faculty have access to their own courses without any approval process.
All teaching faculty have medical school appointments.
Most teaching faculty hold the doctoral degree.
Teaching hospitals appear to be holding their own, despite widespread hand-wringing.
Teaching hospitals are a national resource.
Teaching hospitals are also in the forefront of medical research and technological innovations.
Teaching hospitals are major medical resources for their regions.
Teaching hospitals find it very lucrative to accept Federal funds for teaching residents.
Teaching hospitals maintain a paid staff of physicians, residents, and interns.
Teaching hospitals play a vitally important role in the nation s health care delivery system.
Teaching hospitals play a vitally important role in the nation's health care delivery system.
Teaching hospitals serve as the primary training sites for most residency programs.
Many teaching hospitals accept bodies for teaching purposes.
Teaching kit includes book, video, and curriculum guide.
Teaching kits are available to facilitate teaching about China and about making art.
Most teaching kits have complete lesson plans, handout masters and other tools.
Teaching machines are devices that house, display, and present printed programmed instruction.
Teaching mathematics encompasses skills and functions which are a part of everyday life.
Teaching mathematics is a difficult task.
A teaching method is a method
Teaching method consists of lectures, seminars and tutorials.
Teaching method is based on providing systematic English paraphrases for Hebrew stems.
Teaching method is one on one and based on applied behavioral analysis.
Teaching method is restricted to lecture due to audience size.
Teaching methods are a combination of lectures, practical work and field study sessions.
Teaching methods are according to each student s level and development.
Teaching methods are also a part of the curriculum.
Teaching methods are also quite alright.
Teaching methods are diverse and modified for the individual.
Teaching methods are highly culture specific.
Teaching methods are lecture, computer assignments, case studies, and projects.
Teaching methods are methods.
Teaching methods are modern, communicative and student-centred.
Teaching methods are participatory and presentational.
Teaching methods are predominantly experiential.
Teaching methods are primarily lecture and lecture-discussion.
Teaching methods are techniques.
Teaching methods are to be upgraded.
Teaching methods are varied.
Teaching methods combine lectures, seminars, project work, and independent reading.
Teaching methods combine seminars and tutorials with more formal classes.
Teaching methods concentrate on individual tuition, group critique and discussion.
Teaching methods consist mainly of lecture and lecture-discussion.
Teaching methods emphasize creativity while incorporating technology.
Teaching methods fail to take into account boys' unique learning styles.
Teaching methods involve a combination of lectures, tutorials, and practical work.
Teaching methods involve a mix of lecture and discussion.
Teaching methods involve extensive library work and tutorial presentations.
Teaching methods involve small and large group discussion, role playing and projects.
Teaching methods is a subject heading, so it maps to itself.
Teaching methods listed as double methods count as two single methods.
Teaching methods make use of both independant study and cooperative learning.
Teaching methods match learning styles.
Teaching methods mirror the approach to research.
Teaching methods reflect a constant theme of practical, rather than theoretical, use of statistics.
Teaching methods rely on direct personal contact between the teacher and the students.
Teaching methods stress critical thinking and reasoning skills rather than memorization of facts.
Teaching methods stress the application of theory to practical issues in international relations.
Teaching methods use a dual system of classroom study and work-related apprenticeship.
Teaching methods used include lectures, discussions and case studies.
Teaching methods used include small classes, hands-on learning, and regular practice.
Teaching methods vary according to students needs and the language being taught.
Teaching methods vary considerably between units.
Teaching methods vary from module to module.
Teaching methods vary from subject to subject.
Teaching methods vary somewhat between programmes and level of study.
Teaching methods vary to suit the particular topic.
Teaching methods vary with the course of study,but all contain similar elements.
Teaching methods vary with the topics covered.
Teaching methods vary, with faculty members selecting the method best suited to their material.
Teaching philosophy is always a joy.
Teaching philosophy is clearly, consistently illustrated throughout the portfolio.
Teaching philosophy is to share personal knowledge and experiences with the students.
Teaching staff are also from relevant professional backgrounds.
Teaching staff are congregational rabbis and college faculty.
Teaching staff can make changes to the structure or organization of the material if necessary.
Teaching staff consists of graduate assistants and early-childhood interns.
Teaching staff is offered through two types of training.
Teaching staff moderate the responses maintaining or modifying the marks awarded.
Teaching staff offer a high level of experience and qualifications in dyslexia.
Teaching staff possess a high level of oral and written competency in French.
Teaching staff receive a tailor made, integrated package that supports their teaching approach.
Teaching staff varies from week to week.
Teaching staffs are unqualified.
All teaching staff are active in research and publication.
All teaching staff are highly qualified, with extensive experience of teaching in other countries.
All teaching staff have a role in career guidance and learning support.
All teaching staff have formal qualifications for the areas in which they teach.
All teaching staff have trade experience and students learn by doing.
All teaching staff is involved with the program and has to be research based curriculum.
Teaching Students attend lectures and participate in tutorials and seminars.
Teaching students is an integral part of the staff's administrative responsibilities.
Teaching students is our first priority.
Teaching students seems to be a low priority.
Teaching students use of the theodolite, and bathymetry.
Teaching techniques are a point of emphasis.
Teaching techniques are important in Latin.
Teaching techniques can be either hard or soft.
Teaching techniques focus on the communicative approach to learning Spanish.
Teaching techniques involves research reports, opinion papers and case studies.
Teaching techniques range from lecture to hands on participation.
A teaching is education
Teaching abroad can be habit forming.
Teaching accessibly Face the class when speaking.
Teaching addresses the varied learning styles and needs suggested by assessment.
Teaching affectionately is like the horns of a hare.
Teaching aims at preserving the institution.
Teaching aims to change behavior.
Teaching allows coaches to work with all players regardless of ability.
Teaching allows it to become a concert form, and more now, ballet is seeking to revitalize itself.
Teaching allows one to establish friendships with people from a wide variety of backgrounds.
Teaching also becomes monotonous and leads to burnout.
Teaching also develops patience.
Teaching also hinders because it concentrates on literary analysis.
Teaching also includes the mentoring of undergraduate and graduate students in research settings.
Teaching also involves magic, mystery.
Teaching also is an excellent scapegoat.
Teaching also provides an effective way to continue the learning experience.
Teaching also receives consistently high ratings from students.
Teaching also requires a great deal of time working with students to improve their writing.
Teaching also requires flexibility.
Teaching also requires prior approval of management.
Teaching also serves to encourage, to challenge, to motivate, and to stimulate the learner.
Teaching also takes place in several other primary care outpatient venues.
Teaching am, sports and social activities pm.
Teaching are communicating.
Teaching are doctrines.
Teaching are education.
Teaching are educational events.
Teaching assumes that someone has the answer.
Teaching awakens the mind.
Teaching based on children's literature also involves potential learning in all academic areas.
Teaching becomes a chore instead of a privilege and learning becomes dull and dreary for all.
Teaching becomes a cooperative enterprise.
Teaching becomes a dynamic decisionmaking process generating focused, purposeful lessons.
Teaching becomes a job, students become clients and employment becomes the desired outcome.
Teaching becomes a means of awakening perception.
Teaching becomes an exercise in joining minds.
Teaching becomes an interactive and iterative process.
Teaching becomes facilitating and guiding, rather than instructing.
Teaching becomes less tedious and professionally more fulfilling.
Teaching becomes more of a chore for teachers and more of a bore for pupils.
Teaching becomes more selfless and effective.
Teaching becomes student centered.
Teaching begins at home.
Teaching begins with a vision of the possible or an experience of the problematic.
Teaching begins with the life of the home .
Teaching begins with the life of the home.
Teaching brings forth the most controversy.
Teaching brings other challenges as well.
Teaching can also be much more enjoyable if the teacher is also having fun with the students.
Teaching can be a fulfilling job.
Teaching can be a powerful weapon against disease.
Teaching can be a rewarding, creative act.
Teaching can be a thankless job.
Teaching can be a thankless profession.
Teaching can be a very isolated profession.
Teaching can be a very rewarding profession.
Teaching can be a very satisfying, rewarding experience.
Teaching can be a very stimulating experience.
Teaching can be an isolated profession.
Teaching can be difficult enough under the best of circumstances.
Teaching can be direct, deductive, teacher-centered.
Teaching can be extremely enjoyable and the sense of self-satisfaction simply grows and grows.
Teaching can be extremely stressful, but it is also filled with opportunities for laughter.
Teaching can be frustrating work.
Teaching can be frustrating.
Teaching can be fun for the teacher too.
Teaching can be fun.
Teaching can be hard work.
Teaching can be on many levels.
Teaching can be such a thankless job when students care more about grades than about learning.
Teaching can be tremendously rewarding.
Teaching can be very creative.
Teaching can be very demanding at times.
Teaching can be very isolating professionally.
Teaching can be very lonely.
Teaching can be very rewarding but teaching at night is a bit hard on the home life.
Teaching can be wonderful, but sometimes volunteering to help others can put meaning in life, too.
Teaching can become a manipulation sport.
Teaching can begin long before the child is old enough to understand detailed instruction.
Teaching can move away from set presentations and be more of a process of exploration and discovery.
Teaching can range from a one hour overview to a general introduction of several hours.
Teaching can sometimes be a lonely job in a storm of chaos.
Teaching can take many forms and focus on many different kindsof content.
Teaching can take many forms.
Teaching can take the form of demonstrations, films, judging, tours, skillathons, or discussion.
Teaching carries over into research.
Teaching combines lectures, discussions, play-readings and viewing theatrical videos.
Teaching comes first here.
Teaching comes first.
Teaching comes second.
Teaching comprises the current repertoire, plus new rhythms and songs.
Teaching Consider one example.
Teaching consists of interactive lectures and discussion of reading materials.
Teaching consists of intertwining theoretical and practical classes.
Teaching consists of lectures and seminars as well as study visits to gardens and landscapes.
Teaching consists of lectures and tutorials supported by practical laboratory classes.
Teaching consists of lectures, discussions and practical work.
Teaching consists of lectures, exercises and laboratory work.
Teaching consists of lectures, tutorials and laboratory.
Teaching consists of lectures.
Teaching consists of presentations and small group practical workshops.
Teaching consists of transmitting sets of established facts, skills, and concepts to students.
Teaching contains curricular adaptations designed for use both in and outside of the classroom.
Teaching contains elements of both art and science .
Teaching contains general information for students.
Teaching continues to be a good career choice, with a stable demand for physics teachers.
Teaching continues to be an important career for our graduates.
Teaching continues to be both enjoyable and rewarding.
Teaching contributes to our research agenda.
Teaching Coordinates the teaching of toxicology to professional and graduate students.
Teaching covers conventional lectures and laboratory work.
Teaching covers the theory and practice of oral English.
Teaching creates an environment where students are handed over to themselves.
Teaching definitely belongs on the list of practices.
Teaching demands central issue clarity.
Teaching develops relationships.
Teaching draws on our emotional as well as our intellectual resources.
Teaching draws on the insights derived from the staff's current research.
Teaching effectively is more work.
Teaching emphasises the development of both practical and theoretical skills.
Teaching emphasizes biblical principles geared toward the age and ability level of each child.
Teaching emphasizes critical approaches to understanding public relations.
Teaching emphasizes hands-on involvement with real, current business problems and issues.
Teaching emphasizes hands-on practice and uses the instructor s textbook.
Teaching emphasizes the significance of critical thinking.
Teaching enables autodidactic behaviour.
Teaching entails a great deal of planning for tomorrow and evaluating yesterday.
Teaching excites the thinking processes.
Teaching extends over the traditional boundaries of biology, physics and chemistry.
Teaching facilitates the learning of essential knowledge, skills and roles.
Teaching fits as a profession under all six characteristics.
Teaching fits into that category, too.
Teaching focuses on getting club on the proper plane throughout the swing.
Teaching focuses on social, emotional, cognitive, and physical growth at the individual level.
Teaching focuses on spiritual gifts and service.
Teaching follows a fixed sequence.
Teaching follows the approved curriculum.
Teaching follows the same principles and methods of the dressership modules.
Teaching fosters our Karmic balancing act.
Teaching generally focuses on the interpretation of texts in social and historical context.
Teaching generally takes place as distant teaching.
Teaching generally takes place on weekday evenings, with some week- end classes.
Teaching generally takes the form of lectures, seminars and tutorials.
Teaching goes far beyond the usual PhD-training.
Teaching goes hand in hand with research.
Teaching goes on after the course ends.
Teaching goes on -or offline.
Teaching goes way beyond the lesson.
Teaching graduates independence and self-confidence in future job searches.
Teaching has a part that is an art.
Teaching has a rhythm.
Teaching has a very high attrition rate.
Teaching has an effect on so many things in life.
Teaching has an individualized element.
Teaching has many rewards.
Teaching has more impact.
Teaching has no prestige.
Teaching has one end - to enable learning.
Teaching has rewards to teachers themselves as well.
Teaching has the highest priority, and research and consulting are encouraged.
Teaching has to be as exciting as learning is to the teacher.
Teaching has to be child-centered.
Teaching has to be done and lessons have to be prepared for the edifying of the church.
Teaching has to be interactive to be effective.
Teaching has to be practiced - under observation.
Teaching has to be tied to something real for the students.
Teaching has to do with explaining and clarifying.
Teaching has varied views as Pang repeats groups of movements multiple times from different angles.
Teaching helps meet the needs of children.
Teaching helps people understand how it works.
Teaching helps performing and performing helps teaching.
Teaching helps the teacher as well as the student.
Teaching helps to keep practice fresh.
Teaching here is a tremendous way to develop skills.
Teaching here is fun.
Teaching here is unique.
Teaching here is valued in different ways than in other schools.
Teaching here offers a variety of small and larger school experiences.
Teaching holds a mirror to the soul.
Teaching implies knowledge.
Teaching implies the passing along of information.
Teaching includes a combination of lectures, small groups and laboratory sessions.
Teaching includes comparative economic growth.
Teaching includes courses in applications for business and visual basic.
Teaching includes courses in business law and law and society.
Teaching includes courses in financial management, investments, and mergers and acquisitions.
Teaching includes courses in financial management, public finance, and microeconomics.
Teaching includes courses in international manufacturing strategy and statistics.
Teaching includes courses in marketing management and strategy.
Teaching includes courses in marketing research, pricing and product management.
Teaching includes courses in micro and macro principles and environmental economics.
Teaching includes courses in microeconomics, Canadian studies, and environmental economics.
Teaching includes courses in organizational behavior and stress management.
Teaching includes courses in small business management, and manufacturing planning and control.
Teaching includes courses in strategy and industrial ecology.
Teaching includes courses in systems simulation and statistics.
Teaching includes courses in the areas of management information systems and computer networks.
Teaching includes creative dance, games, developmental and advanced gymnastics.
Teaching includes daily rounds by attending physician, patient conferences.
Teaching includes didactic sessions and daily attending rounds.
Teaching includes economics of Africa, political economy of development.
Teaching includes economics of development.
Teaching includes education courses and leads to certification for high school teaching.
Teaching includes evaluating student performance and providing feedback.
Teaching includes forensic pathology, general histopathology, medical law and death certification.
Teaching includes general and business English to small groups and individual students.
Teaching includes graduate and undergraduate courses.
Teaching includes lecture and laboratory in biochemistry and general chemistry.
Teaching includes lectures, essay and project writing and reading texts.
Teaching includes lectures, laboratory sessions, and experimental analysis demonstration.
Teaching includes lectures, workshops and seminars.
Teaching includes mathematical economics, microeconomics, and agricultural trade.
Teaching includes preparation for RCM piano examination and various competitions.
Teaching Includes teaching experience, graduate student supervision.
Teaching includes the activities which enable another to learn.
Teaching includes the faculty, and the methods used by that faculty to transmit knowledge.
Teaching includes topical biographical and book studies.
Teaching includes undergraduate communications courses.
Teaching includes undergraduate courses in irrigation, geology, and seminar.
Teaching includes well-supervised direct patient care, bedside rounds and didactic presentations.
Teaching includes working with small groups, assisting with centers, as well as teaching lessons.
Teaching increases knowledge and one enjoys the long days of life.
Teaching internationally supports traveling and studying the ancient ways of the elders.
Teaching involves a combination of lectures, tutorials, workshops, laboratory work and field visits.
Teaching involves a loop, from instructor to students and back again.
Teaching involves a mix of lecture and discussion.
Teaching involves active participation of a student.
Teaching involves an interaction between the sharer of information and the recipient.
Teaching involves commitment to the students as people, aiming toward 'learned' people.
Teaching involves constant reflection and refinement of one s teaching strategies.
Teaching involves explaining the basic, the general, the introductory.
Teaching involves giving information or skills to others.
Teaching involves graduate and undergraduate price theory.
Teaching involves health care finance and project evaluation.
Teaching involves instruction, correction and the equipping for ministry of the believers.
Teaching involves intellectual activities when it transmits the cultural heritage to the young.
Teaching involves lectures, classes and tutorials.
Teaching involves lectures, groupwork and seminars.
Teaching involves lectures, seminars and practicals.
Teaching involves lifelong learning.
Teaching involves managing the local consideration of others program.
Teaching involves only the lone professor.
Teaching involves slow movements as well as repetitions and different views as necessary.
Teaching involves social responsibility.
Teaching involves taking work home.
Teaching involves tons of work and frustration.
Teaching involves traditional academic disciplines and supervision of applied projects.
Teaching involves whatever facilitates learning.
Teaching involves writing and speaking and other activities.
Teaching is a active ever-changing craft of becoming.
Teaching is a big part of the mix.
Teaching is a bottomless opportunity .
Teaching is a building project.
Teaching is a calling because the career requires people to be dedicated, organized, and patient.
Teaching is a calling centered on service to the community, especially to children and youth.
Teaching is a calling more than a social service.
Teaching is a calling that is second only to the work of salvation.
Teaching is a career that is challenging everyday.
Teaching is a career where they feel they can make a difference in their community.
Teaching is a carefully crafted enterprise here.
Teaching is a caring, creative act.
Teaching is a challenge.
Teaching is a challenging and highly rewarding career.
Teaching is a challenging and rewarding career.
Teaching is a challenging and rewarding experience.
Teaching is a challenging job that requires a lot of planning, organization and creativity.
Teaching is a challenging profession, and becoming more demanding all the time.
Teaching is a chance to touch lives and change the future.
Teaching is a class act.
Teaching is a collaborative act.
Teaching is a collective responsibility.
Teaching is a combination of lectures, seminars and tutorials.
Teaching is a commitment to lifelong learning and rewards.
Teaching is a communal and magical activity.
Teaching is a community.
Teaching is a complement to the training of psychoanalysts.
Teaching is a completely different type of occupation.
Teaching is a complex act.
Teaching is a complex activity.
Teaching is a complex and demanding profession.
Teaching is a complex craft, but the skills required to do it effectively can be taught.
Teaching is a complex enterprise.
Teaching is a complex operation based upon a theoretical body of knowledge.
Teaching is a complex process that challenges teachers to help all students learn.
Teaching is a complex profession, and Parkway's staff continues to learn and grow professionally.
Teaching is a complex profession.
Teaching is a complex, challenging profession.
Teaching is a complex, demanding job.
Teaching is a complex, people-centered profession.
Teaching is a conserving task, but it is also discontent and explorative.
Teaching is a continuous learning experience.
Teaching is a cooperative art.
Teaching is a craft learned by doing.
Teaching is a craft that occasionally borders on being an art.
Teaching is a creative act, an organizational activity, and a social contract.
Teaching is a creative act, never more so than in primary and secondary schools.
Teaching is a creative, reflective and interactive process that facilitates learning.
Teaching is a critical part of a parent child relationship.
Teaching is a critically important profession.
Teaching is a cultural activity.
Teaching is a demanding job with few tangible rewards.
Teaching is a demanding job, often with little immediate feedback about how one is doing.
Teaching is a developmental process .
Teaching is a dialogue and exchange of views.
Teaching is a different direction from that . . .
Teaching is a difficult thing to learn to do well.
Teaching is a disciplinary practice.
Teaching is a draining, sometimes frustrating task.
Teaching is a dynamic experience in which the teacher and the student learn together.
Teaching is a dynamic profession.
Teaching is a extraordinary profession, benefitting young people and enriching society.
Teaching is a fantastic 'people' job.
Teaching is a fine and long tradition for women, passing on the wisdom of the past.
Teaching is a flexible field.
Teaching is a full-time job.
Teaching is a function of attitudinal set and perceptual style.
Teaching is a fundamental mission of the universities.
Teaching is a fundamental responsibility of every faculty member.
Teaching is a fundamentally important activity that scholars undertake.
Teaching is a funny sort of job.
Teaching is a game where everyone wins that plays fairly.
Teaching is a gift, and Valley's teachers dedicate themselves to sharing that gift with others.
Teaching is a gift.
Teaching is a good definition of balanced discipline.
Teaching is a great gift.
Teaching is a great job, but is also a gift.
Teaching is a great job.
Teaching is a great profession.
Teaching is a great way to fulfill that goal.
Teaching is a great way to learn something.
Teaching is a great way to learn.
Teaching is a great way to make money in the crafting field.
Teaching is a great way to reach out to the community.
Teaching is a growing experience.
Teaching is a hard and demanding job.
Teaching is a high priority for Sparks.
Teaching is a high stress job even without a disaster.
Teaching is a high-energy, focused activity with a performance quality.
Teaching is a highly demanding and extraordinarily complex profession.
Teaching is a highly demanding profession.
Teaching is a highly interpersonal profession.
Teaching is a highly personal activity, involving one's deepest sense of self.
Teaching is a highly popular field, as are occupations that require artistic creativity.
Teaching is a horrible job, but it is a great calling.
Teaching is a human action.
Teaching is a human activity that involves the presented of both participants.
Teaching is a job respected by others.
Teaching is a job that has been swept under the rug.
Teaching is a job that has many rewards.
Teaching is a job that is both challenging and fun.
Teaching is a job that is generally made for extroverts.
Teaching is a key part of the year.
Teaching is a kick.
Teaching is a labor of love that blends the gifts of heart and mind.
Teaching is a learning experience.
Teaching is a learning process as well.
Teaching is a lifelong commitment.
Teaching is a lifelong ministry.
Teaching is a lonely pursuit unless one interacts with an eager learner.
Teaching is a lot like parenting.
Teaching is a lot like that.
Teaching is a lot of fun.
Teaching is a lot of work.
Teaching is a major emphasis of the department.
Teaching is a major emphasis.
Teaching is a means to an end.
Teaching is a ministry, yes, but it is also a profession that requires professional skills.
Teaching is a mixture of lectures, seminars, practicals, and directed private study.
Teaching is a mixture of on-site visits and classroom seminars.
Teaching is a mixture of presentations, plenary discussions and group activities.
Teaching is a moral act, an act of great importance demanding accountability.
Teaching is a moral imperative.
Teaching is a more difficult and demanding task today than ever before.
Teaching is a multidimensional, complex activity.
Teaching is a multi-faceted activity.
Teaching is a natural ability, and practice is what allows skill to emerge and develop.
Teaching is a neat job.
Teaching is a nice job compared to many others.
Teaching is a nice profession.
Teaching is a noble activity, maybe even saintly.
Teaching is a noble profession that requires perseverance and a love of young people.
Teaching is a noble profession, but it can be an exhausting one as well.
Teaching is a noble profession.
Teaching is a non-mover.
Teaching is a notoriously high burn-out profession.
Teaching is a on the job task daily and there are no substitutes for what ever reason.
Teaching is a partnership between the student, parents, and teacher.
Teaching is a passion that requires a lot of hard work.
Teaching is a people-centered occupation.
Teaching is a personal passion.
Teaching is a place to start.
Teaching is a planned activity.
Teaching is a planned, goal-directed role of the nurse in collaboration with the client.
Teaching is a political act, but it is also an ethical act, one done out of love for humankind.
Teaching is a poorly paid profession with a great deal of competition.
Teaching is a powerful job.
Teaching is a powerful, tough, and important art.
Teaching is a precious responsibility.
Teaching is a priority of the division.
Teaching is a priority with active participation of senior faculty in clinics.
Teaching is a privilege.
Teaching is a privileged calling.
Teaching is a privledge and a serious profession.
Teaching is a process of creating the best optimal conditions for learning to take place.
Teaching is a profession and a challenge.
Teaching is a profession and requires a lot of skills, practice, and knowledge.
Teaching is a profession focused on human development.
Teaching is a profession in itself.
Teaching is a profession that is both an art and a science.
Teaching is a profession that requires continuous updating of knowledge.
Teaching is a profession.
Teaching is a public profession.
Teaching is a real mission.
Teaching is a relationship.
Teaching is a relatively solitary experience.
Teaching is a remarkable profession.
Teaching is a requirement of the position.
Teaching is a responsibility that falls in the hands of just a few truly lucky people.
Teaching is a rewarding and challenging profession.
Teaching is a rewarding, yet challenging career.
Teaching is a role played by many kinds of leaders, including consultants and advisors.
Teaching is a scary and intimidating occupation.
Teaching is a scholarly enterprise, beginning with what the teacher knows.
Teaching is a series of interactions with students, parents, and administrators.
Teaching is a serious business.
Teaching is a service business.
Teaching is a skill and it can be improved like any other skill.
Teaching is a skill, an art, a craft it can always be improved.
Teaching is a skill, and as such requires to be learnt.
Teaching is a skill, just like music or art.
Teaching is a skill.
Teaching is a social process where human beings come to share experiences and meanings.
Teaching is a special gift that only certain people can do extremely well.
Teaching is a special responsibility with extraordinary rewards.
Teaching is a special skill that can be completely separate from dancing ability.
Teaching is a special thing.
Teaching is a strong component of the program.
Teaching is a talent that is acquired and takes time.
Teaching is a talent, an in-born gift.
Teaching is a time-consuming activity.
Teaching is a top priority with our faculty.
Teaching is a tough job.
Teaching is a tradition that is passed on from one generation to the nest.
Teaching is a transfer of personality.
Teaching is a transferring of ownership of skills or concepts.
Teaching is a tremendous responsibility and lots of fun.
Teaching is a true profession.
Teaching is a two way street.
Teaching is a two-way street.
Teaching is a unique and challenging field.
Teaching is a unique and rewarding career.
Teaching is a unique opportunity to serve and to influence the future.
Teaching is a uniquely fulfilling profession.
Teaching is a valued and rewarding profession.
Teaching is a vehicle for impacting society and culture one life at a time.
Teaching is a very attractive career.
Teaching is a very challenging and rewarding profession.
Teaching is a very challenging, yet rewarding, profession.
Teaching is a very complex, context-related activity.
Teaching is a very exciting career.
Teaching is a very external job.
Teaching is a very hard and demanding job, which can lead to burnout.
Teaching is a very honorable profession.
Teaching is a very human activity, and the less mediation that gets in the way the better.
Teaching is a very noble profession.
Teaching is a very personal thing.
Teaching is a very rewarding experience.
Teaching is a very rewarding job.
Teaching is a very rewarding profession.
Teaching is a very special gift.
Teaching is a very spiritual thing.
Teaching is a vital and dynamic career choice.
Teaching is a vocation much as carpentry is.
Teaching is a vocation, a calling.
Teaching is a vocation.
Teaching is a way of giving something back to the system.
Teaching is a way of guiding a child to grow successfully in every way possible.
Teaching is a well-mixed combination of skill and art.
Teaching is a wonderful and rewarding profession.
Teaching is a wonderful and worthy endeavor, exciting and complex.
Teaching is a wonderful feeling.
Teaching is a wonderful mystery.
Teaching is a wonderful place to spend a life.
Teaching is a wonderful profession and offers tremendous rewards and self-satisfaction.
Teaching is a wonderful profession, and it continues to be a challenge.
Teaching is a wonderfully rewarding profession.
Teaching is a work of heart.
Teaching is a young persons game as it has become ever more stressful.
Teaching is about a talking head presenting more or less coherent notions on a topic.
Teaching is about animal behaviour and feeding and the human animal bond.
Teaching is about animals in the environment and particularly about urban animal control.
Teaching is about developing taste, which is to say desire.
Teaching is about everything related to animal health and production.
Teaching is about kids.
Teaching is about modeling a life that is infused with reflection and intellectual engagement.
Teaching is about passion.
Teaching is about relationships.
Teaching is about stories.
Teaching is about transmitting knowledge and skills from the teacher to the students.
Teaching is about working with people.
Teaching is accomplished through stories, puppets, drama and video.
Teaching is across the Internet and through e-mail.
Teaching is active and constant.
Teaching is adapted to real-world experiences.
Teaching is adjusted as needed to ensure that each student s needs are addressed.
Teaching is adjusted as needed to ensure that each student's needs are addressed.
Teaching is affected in many ways as a result of the management changes required.
Teaching is again by a mix of lectures, classes, seminars and tutorials.
Teaching is age-appropriate and culturally sensitive.
Teaching is all about communication.
Teaching is all about human performance.
Teaching is almost entirely through lectures.
Teaching is almost focused on learning how to design objects.
Teaching is also a duty of an assistant professor.
Teaching is also a good way to review the fundamentals.
Teaching is also a great means of self-promotion.
Teaching is also a great way to find recruits.
Teaching is also a great way to get known.
Teaching is also a passion one has.
Teaching is also a popular career choice.
Teaching is also a profession with little turnover.
Teaching is also a rhetorical act.
Teaching is also a right thing to do.
Teaching is also a role component.
Teaching is also a skill, a craft, an art.
Teaching is also about community.
Teaching is also about preventive medicine and the maintenance of health.
Teaching is also about vocation.
Teaching is also an important aspect of the department's mission.
Teaching is also an important consideration in the awarding of tenure, promotion, and merit raises.
Teaching is also full of contradictions that make navigation difficult.
Teaching is also important to our department.
Teaching is also possible, but usually in the form of guest lectures.
Teaching is also science.
Teaching is also the creation of a learning community.
Teaching is also very much an iterative activity.
Teaching is always a lot more rewarding.
Teaching is always about creating tension.
Teaching is always about responding to the student, the person.
Teaching is always the best way to learn something thoroughly.
Teaching is among society's most labor-intensive endeavors.
Teaching is among the most important responsibilities of any institution of higher education.
Teaching is an act of eternal optimism.
Teaching is an action that emanates from a person, the teacher.
Teaching is an active process whose vitality derives from the synergism of student and teacher.
Teaching is an active profession.
Teaching is an activity of hope in the service of the young.
Teaching is an activity which is best assessed by how learning is accomplished.
Teaching is an amazing profession.
Teaching is an ancient and, on the whole, an honorable activity.
Teaching is an art and a science.
Teaching is an art and an academic, technological and practice oriented discipline.
Teaching is an art and children are more than numbers on standardized tests.
Teaching is an art and learning is another, but they are distinct, if complementary, activities.
Teaching is an art and science.
Teaching is an art form.
Teaching is an art that is undergirded by science.
Teaching is an art where teachers are artists.
Teaching is an art.
Teaching is an Art.
Teaching is an attractive alternative that many unhappy people have turned to with great results.
Teaching is an awesome responsibility, but with it comes many pleasures.
Teaching is an awesome responsibility.
Teaching is an easy job, with lots of time off.
Teaching is an effective way to learn a subject.
Teaching is an emotional experience .
Teaching is an enterprise fraught with difficulties.
Teaching is an ephemeral art.
Teaching is an ephemeral subject.
Teaching is an essential part of academic life.
Teaching is an exceedingly complex skill.
Teaching is an excellent opportunity to improve communication skills.
Teaching is an excellent way of learning.
Teaching is an exceptionally rewarding, but complex job.
Teaching is an exciting career, perhaps more so today than ever before.
Teaching is an exciting profession.
Teaching is an exciting, challenging, rewarding, multi-faceted profession.
Teaching is an exhausting, demanding job.
Teaching is an experiment.
Teaching is an extremely difficult job.
Teaching is an extremely rewarding profession.
Teaching is an gratifying and an important part of medicine.
Teaching is an honorable vocation that demands a high level of committed service.
Teaching is an ideal way to learn more about another culture.
Teaching is an immensely complex, multi-faceted endeavor.
Teaching is an important and significant profession.
Teaching is an important educational and professional experience.
Teaching is an important part of any graduate curriculum.
Teaching is an important part of graduate student training.
Teaching is an important part of making disciples.
Teaching is an important part of our work.
Teaching is an important part of the departmental mission.
Teaching is an important part of the fellowship year.
Teaching is an important part of the professional preparation of graduate students in Sociology.
Teaching is an important responsibility of all trainees.
Teaching is an incarnation of ideas.
Teaching is an incredibly invigorating and revitalizing undertaking.
Teaching is an inherently private act, an exchange among consenting adults behind closed doors.
Teaching is an integral part of graduate education in Italian studies.
Teaching is an integral part of our clinic sites.
Teaching is an integral part of the breast imaging section.
Teaching is an integral part of the care process, and classes often accompany residents' rounds.
Teaching is an intensely human activity.
Teaching is an intensely personal profession.
Teaching is an interaction between people.
Teaching is an interesting career that involves young people which makes the teacher young.
Teaching is an interesting kind of partnership.
Teaching is an interruption, and so it's the greatest pain in the neck in the world.
Teaching is an investment in that change.
Teaching is an obvious example.
Teaching is an obvious place for someone who no longer runs a lab.
Teaching is an on-going learning experience.
Teaching is an ongoing process of learning and sharing information.
Teaching is an opportunity for artists to share their knowledge, skills and experience.
Teaching is an opportunity to improve our future.
Teaching is an opportunity to make a difference in a life.
Teaching is an opportunity to role model professionalism to students.
Teaching is an option a number of graduates choose, but it is only one of many.
Teaching is an organized system.
Teaching is an underappreciated, underpaid, overwhelming job .
Teaching is and continues to be a positive experience.
Teaching is another career possibility for English majors.
Teaching is another job with a majority of women.
Teaching is another medium for communicating.
Teaching is another option.
Teaching is another profession with a lot of ADD people.
Teaching is another way for community leaders to demonstrate their commitment.
Teaching is approximately four hours a day, five days a week.
Teaching is arranged in a block and day release format.
Teaching is arranged into three ten-week sessions.
Teaching is as individual as the teacher and no two approaches are exactly alike.
Teaching is as much about learning as it is about helping others to learn.
Teaching is at both undergraduate and graduate levels.
Teaching is at graduate level and presupposes the study of or sufficient courses in philosophy.
Teaching is at the center of any system of merit increases.
Teaching is at the core of all of our programs.
Teaching is at the discretion of the department and the availability of unrestricted funds.
Teaching is at the heart of a university's purpose.
Teaching is at the heart of the university.
Teaching is at times more than a job.
Teaching is atomistic while learning is holistic.
Teaching is available for all comers.
Teaching is available for both native and non-native speakers of English.
Teaching is based around modules which are described here .
Teaching is based on basal knowledge of anatomi, chemistry and biochemistry.
Teaching is based on client server architecture.
Teaching is based on each individual child s needs and in cooperation with the parents.
Teaching is based on experiencing something as a way to learn.
Teaching is based on interactive methods involving students in an active learning process.
Teaching is based on learning resources designed by expert teams for the distance student.
Teaching is based on lectures, seminars and independent study.
Teaching is based on modern methods using modern equipment.
Teaching is based on objectives recorded in curricula.
Teaching is based on research, and research is firmly integrated into real activities.
Teaching is based on scientific precepts but is at the same time hands-on and practical.
Teaching is based on small groups.
Teaching is based on two semesters per year.
Teaching is based on weekly lectures, workshops and seminars.
Teaching is based on what the children have found interesting, stimulating, puzzling or challenging.
Teaching is based primarily on lectures and seminars, and tutorials.
Teaching is based upon communication and the student's active role and participation.
Teaching is based upon the individual's capacity for self-critical analysis.
Teaching is basically through lectures, coursework and practical work.
Teaching is best when it can be described as facilitation.
Teaching is best when practiced boldly, with humility, and with conviction.
Teaching is better than punishing, manipulating, bribing, threatening, or neglecting.
Teaching is blast.
Teaching is both a challenging and rewarding profession.
Teaching is both a discipline and an art.
Teaching is both a science and an art.
Teaching is broad and inclusive.
Teaching is by a combination of lectures, classes, workshops and fieldwork presentations.
Teaching is by a combination of lectures, seminars, workshops and tutorials.
Teaching is by a combination of lectures, tutorials and computational workshops.
Teaching is by academics at the forefront of research.
Teaching is by definition a dialectic process.
Teaching is by distance education, delivered electronically.
Teaching is by distance education.
Teaching is by ear with written music given for later reference.
Teaching is by example.
Teaching is by formal classroom instruction, seminar, and clinical practice.
Teaching is by fortnightly seminars of two hours duration.
Teaching is by group and individual tuition.
Teaching is by lecture and assignment.
Teaching is by lecture and discussion.
Teaching is by lecture and seminar.
Teaching is by lecture and seminars given in the first two terms.
Teaching is by lecture and tutorial, or by seminars.
Teaching is by lecture and tutorial.
Teaching is by lecture, small groups and computer-based exercise classes.
Teaching is by lecture, tutorial and computer-based laboratory classes.
Teaching is by lecture, tutorials, practical classes and independent study.
Teaching is by lectures and seminars, but a strong emphasis is placed on small-group teaching.
Teaching is by lectures and seminars.
Teaching is by lectures and small classes, and there are excellent IT facilities.
Teaching is by lectures and tutorials.
Teaching is by lectures, coursework, and summer practice.
Teaching is by lectures, seminars and practical classes.
Teaching is by lectures, seminars and tutorials.
Teaching is by lectures, seminars, tutorials, clinical practice and self-directed study.
Teaching is by lectures, seminars, tutorials, clinical practice and student-directed learning.
Teaching is by lectures, small group classes or tutorials.
Teaching is by lectures, tutorials and laboratory classes.
Teaching is by lectures, tutorials and laboratory demonstration.
Teaching is by means of lectures and tutorials.
Teaching is by means of lectures, supported by tutorials, seminars and computer-based classes.
Teaching is by means of seminars, group exercises, and case studies.
Teaching is by means of seminars.
Teaching is by means of supervised direct care and didactic programs.
Teaching is by practical supervised experience as well as direct theoretical training.
Teaching is by seminar and workshop, and generally in small groups.
Teaching is by seminars and computer workshops and examinations by written assignments.
Teaching is by small group seminars and tutorials.
Teaching is by the seminar method.
Teaching is by tutorials, seminars, laboratory work, case studies and project work.
Teaching is by ward round, tutorial or seminar rather than being lecture-based.
Teaching is carried out by a combination of lecture, seminar, workshop.
Teaching is carried out by a combination of lectures, seminars, group work, and independent study.
Teaching is carried out by both Swedish and foreign lecturers.
Teaching is carried out in seminars and, in the case of the dissertation by supervision.
Teaching is carried out through lectures, practical sessions and seminars.
Teaching is carried out through lectures, seminars, practical workshops and tutorials.
Teaching is central to our mission.
Teaching is challenging and rewarding, hard work and fun.
Teaching is characterized as a process of conscious decision making.
Teaching is characterized by the process of facilitat ion and guidance.
Teaching is clearly on the horizon.
Teaching is clinical and didactic.
Teaching is closer to godliness than any other profession.
Teaching is common while prophecy is unusual.
Teaching is communication, and communication involves both transmission and reception.
Teaching is complex and difficult to evaluate.
Teaching is complex and dynamic, demanding constant reflection and adjustment.
Teaching is complex, and teacher preparation is equally complex.
Teaching is complex.
Teaching is concentrated in the first half of the week.
Teaching is conducted at both undergraduate and postgraduate level.
Teaching is conducted both on campus and via distance learning.
Teaching is conducted by both American visiting lecturers and Belarusian professors.
Teaching is conducted by both native Russian and English speakers with a wide amount of experience.
Teaching is conducted by research faculty from both the basic science and clinical departments.
Teaching is conducted by top specialists of Belarus.
Teaching is conducted in a variety of forms, including lectures, seminars and small tutorial groups.
Teaching is conducted in either Spanish or English.
Teaching is conducted in lectures and seminars.
Teaching is conducted in lectures, seminars, practical courses and colloquia.
Teaching is conducted in small-group, interactive style.
Teaching is conducted in spacious well equipped classroom, seminar halls and tutorial rooms.
Teaching is conducted in teams and groups, the latter mainly concerning the humanities.
Teaching is conducted in the form of lectures, laboratory sessions and tutorials.
Teaching is conducted mainly through lectures and tutorials.
Teaching is conducted primarily in small groups which permits close contact with faculty.
Teaching is conducted primarily in small groups.
Teaching is conducted through lectures, seminars and supervisions.
Teaching is conducted, where appropriate, in the target language.
Teaching is confined primarily to the place where it occurs.
Teaching is connected to and helps lead the best professional practice in the field.
Teaching is connected to learning .
Teaching is considered a marginal activity at the university.
Teaching is considered a routine function that anyone can do.
Teaching is considered an integral part of the educational process.
Teaching is considered an integral part of the graduate learning experience.
Teaching is considered the role of professional staff.
Teaching is considered to be synonymous with coaching - coaching is teaching.
Teaching is constant learning.
Teaching is creative, as is art.
Teaching is creative.
Teaching is crucial to both covens and study groups.
Teaching is crucial to our mission.
Teaching is darn hard.
Teaching is decision making.
Teaching is declared an essential industry in New Zealand.
Teaching is defined as the impartation of truth to the mind.
Teaching is definitely a calling.
Teaching is definitely a profession.
Teaching is definitely a rewarding profession.
Teaching is definitely a social service.
Teaching is definitely a type of social service.
Teaching is definitely the number one priority here at Salem State.
Teaching is delivered by a range of methods from lectures to computer-assisted learning.
Teaching is delivered in a variety of forms - lectures, seminars and classes.
Teaching is delivered through interactive sessions.
Teaching is delivered via practical workshops, group activities, seminars and formal lectures.
Teaching is designed to build a strong belief system or the ability to understand.
Teaching is different.
Teaching is difficult to define.
Teaching is difficult, and more so for volunteers.
Teaching is difficult.
Teaching is distinct from learning.
Teaching is done at both the undergraduate and graduate levels.
Teaching is done by native bilingual faculty as part of the cultural immersion program.
Teaching is done by specially produced work units for each module.
Teaching is done in a fun, relaxed, and casual way to meet the needs of people.
Teaching is done in small groups.
Teaching is done in tutorial groups and lectures.
Teaching is done largely with reference to specific case material.
Teaching is done lecture style with student interaction strongly encouraged.
Teaching is done on a rotational basis among the class members.
Teaching is done on a team basis with one horse provided for every two campers.
Teaching is done on a voluntary basis.
Teaching is done primarily during the school day.
Teaching is done through a combination of lectures, practicals, seminar and project work.
Teaching is done through student presentations and seminars.
Teaching is done through the spoken word as well as by the living example.
Teaching is done with every patient encounter and a conference is held at each half-day session.
Teaching is driven by the research interests of members of staff.
Teaching is dynamic, and reflection on teaching makes it even more dynamic.
Teaching is dynamic.
Teaching is embedded in the economic, social, and political contexts of our time.
Teaching is emphasized over service.
Teaching is empowerment.
Teaching is endless.
Teaching is enhanced by active research in several fields of public health and health promotion.
Teaching is enhanced by the use of video equipment for taping major endoscopic cases.
Teaching is enhanced through their knowledge of current problems facing managers in the field.
Teaching is enthusiastic and ward attachments encouraged.
Teaching is equivalent to basic university teaching in quality and standard.
Teaching is eschatological.
Teaching is evaluated and rewarded.
Teaching is evaluated annually and discussed at the time of annual review.
Teaching is evaluated by having candidates give a lecture on their research.
Teaching is even more casual.
Teaching is everything.
Teaching is examined for quality.
Teaching is excellent.
Teaching is exciting, energizing, and exhausting, all at the same time.
Teaching is exciting, ever-changing, exhilarating.
Teaching is facilitated by the Internet.
Teaching is facilitated by traditional means and by the Internet.
Teaching is facilitated through the use of technology.
Teaching is facilitation of learning aimed at helping students achieve their educational objectives.
Teaching is far more complicated than people who have never tried it understand.
Teaching is far more professional with certifications and a neccessity in most organizations.
Teaching is fast and accurate.
Teaching is filled with challenge.
Teaching is focused on development of strokes, footwork, and scoring.
Teaching is focused on the discipling of saints.
Teaching is for the purpose of transforming learners.
Teaching is formal and innovation discouraged.
Teaching is full of ethical issues, both in major issues and in everyday life.
Teaching is fun creative and interesting.
Teaching is fun, and it builds community.
Teaching is fundamental to the Christian life.
Teaching is geared toward the development of the team s vision and strategy.
Teaching is given as lectures, seminars, and laborations.
Teaching is given by instructors from Finnish universities and institutions of higher education.
Teaching is given in basic layout and design skills.
Teaching is given in both pure and applied mathematics.
Teaching is given in the course of spring semester.
Teaching is given more consideration for non-tenure track faculty.
Teaching is given on each topic with questions at the end of each chapter.
Teaching is good experience.
Teaching is great.
Teaching is hard because teaching is emotional.
Teaching is hard enough without having to follow a timeline everyone else is on.
Teaching is hard work and it can be risky work.
Teaching is hard work but the rewards are considerable.
Teaching is hard work, and good teaching is wearing work.
Teaching is hard work, but the benefits are well worth the labor.
Teaching is hard work, but well worth the effort and time.
Teaching is hard work.
Teaching is hard, and teaching well is even harder.
Teaching is hard, frustrating work, because change is never easy.
Teaching is hard.
Teaching is highly encouraged.
Teaching is highly individualized.
Teaching is highly interactive, with ongoing feedback, assessment, and monitoring.
Teaching is highly personalized, and the food is tops.
Teaching is hot.
Teaching is important because students form the link between the academic and the industrial world.
Teaching is important to our staff.
Teaching is important work in the world.
Teaching is impossible and if tried, damaging.
Teaching is impossible unless it happens.
Teaching is in a seminar format with much of the class discussion based on reading.
Teaching is in assumptions as well as programs.
Teaching is in English and French, and the student body and teaching staff are plurinational.
Teaching is in English and the course is open to foreign students.
Teaching is in English but written and spoken press predominantly in French.
Teaching is in English language.
Teaching is in English.
Teaching is in Hebrew.
Teaching is in many ways performance.
Teaching is in our bones as surely as is the pursuit of our research ideas.
Teaching is in small class groups and within a supportive staff team.
Teaching is in small groups of different levels.
Teaching is in small groups, with occasional individual tutorial work.
Teaching is in small seminar classes, offering personal contact with distinguished professors.
Teaching is in small seminar groups, with regular opportunity to meet health care professionals.
Teaching is in the blood, it's in the genes.
Teaching is in the form of lectures illustrated with color slides.
Teaching is in the form of lectures, tutorials, exercises and visits.
Teaching is incorporated in the clinical activities.
Teaching is increasingly computer-assisted.
Teaching is incredibly important.
Teaching is indeed a great challenge today.
Teaching is individualized and students proceed at their own pace.
Teaching is individualized to respond to each child's readiness to develop talents and abilities.
Teaching is informal but very clear and easy to follow.
Teaching is informed by research and practiced in service.
Teaching is informed by the research and writing carried out by the staff.
Teaching is inherently a risky business.
Teaching is inherently a two-way and interactive process.
Teaching is instruction in systematic fashion.
Teaching is instruction in truth, while rebuking is correction.
Teaching is interactive.
Teaching is interpreted in the broadest sense of the word.
Teaching is job one at Delhi and our faculty is committed to helping students succeed.
Teaching is just another responsibility.
Teaching is just so different now.
Teaching is just too difficult without the support of loved ones.
Teaching is largely by seminars, directed reading and individual or group projects.
Teaching is less attractive.
Teaching is like a language - never stale, always dynamic.
Teaching is like art without pain.
Teaching is like candy.
Teaching is like coaching.
Teaching is like dropping letters into the mailbox of the mind.
Teaching is like fishing.
Teaching is like gardening - nurturing growth.
Teaching is like hammering a nail.
Teaching is like no other career.
Teaching is like no other profession.
Teaching is like Plumbing.
Teaching is like traveling.
Teaching is limited to the one semester required for a graduate degree.
Teaching is limited to two full courses in any twelve-month period.
Teaching is listed among the spiritual gifts.
Teaching is lively and varied, favouring active participation.
Teaching is love made visible.
Teaching is love.
Teaching is made easy.
Teaching is magic stuff . . .
Teaching is mainly by seminars and small classes.
Teaching is mainly by seminars, group research work, class presentations.
Teaching is mainly by seminars, normally one evening a week.
Teaching is mainly through lectures, workshops, tutorials and seminar discussion.
Teaching is marked by collaboration, a key element in feminist methodology.
Teaching is meant.
Teaching is merely the process of enabling the autonomous conduct of research.
Teaching is modeled in the classroom with an emphasis on the content and process of social studies.
Teaching is more about people that it is about the subject.
Teaching is more challenging and so much more rewarding.
Teaching is more for the ecclesial context.
Teaching is more fun now than ever before.
Teaching is more fun.
Teaching is more important than preaching.
Teaching is more important.
Teaching is more productive due to the integration of technology throughout the curriculum.
Teaching is more than a fulltime job.
Teaching is more than a job or a career.
Teaching is more than a job, it's a lifelong commitment to learning.
Teaching is more than a pooling of ignorance.
Teaching is more than a profession.
Teaching is more than content.
Teaching is more than conveying information and more than passing on skills.
Teaching is more than data dumping.
Teaching is more than doing activities, covering lesson plans, and teaching skills.
Teaching is more than information transfer.
Teaching is more than just a good education.
Teaching is more than just classroom instruction.
Teaching is more than just giving information.
Teaching is more than knowing and imparting information.
Teaching is more than lecturing and demonstrating.
Teaching is more than preparing lessons for classrooms.
Teaching is more than requiring students to memorize facts.
Teaching is more than talking.
Teaching is more than telling.
Teaching is most definitely a calling.
Teaching is mostly in small groups enabling students to take an active part in discussions.
Teaching is much harder than many initially anticipate.
Teaching is much less competitive.
Teaching is negotiated individually.
Teaching is neither opposed to curriculum, nor does teaching alone define curriculum.
Teaching is neither work nor duty.
Teaching is never dull.
Teaching is no different.
Teaching is no doubt a rewarding profession in many ways.
Teaching is no exception.
Teaching is no less important to society than other professions.
Teaching is no longer a first choice with the new generation despite the enhanced pay scales.
Teaching is no longer a respected profession.
Teaching is no longer an attractive profession to college students.
Teaching is no simple matter.
Teaching is noble work.
Teaching is now overwhelmingly a female occupation.
Teaching is number one.
Teaching is of good quality.
Teaching is offered at the beginning of most dances.
Teaching is offered in all the main subjects, and most minor ones.
Teaching is offered on B-degree, honours, masters, and doctoral level.
Teaching is offered on B-degree, honours, masters, and doctorate level.
Teaching is often the best way to learn.
Teaching is often the hardest activity to compartmentalize and juggle successfully.
Teaching is often the most difficult aspect of faculty work to assess.
Teaching is on a modular and semester basis .
Teaching is on a modular, credit-based pattern.
Teaching is on an undergraduate level.
Teaching is one effective way to learn a subject.
Teaching is one fourth preperation and three fourths theatre.
Teaching is one of our very important missions.
Teaching is one of society's most important jobs.
Teaching is one of the best ways to develop breadth of knowledge and ideas for research.
Teaching is one of the best ways to give back.
Teaching is one of the best ways to learn.
Teaching is one of the central elements of our professional work.
Teaching is one of the country's most unionized occupations.
Teaching is one of the country's most unionized professions.
Teaching is one of the few occupations in which one basically works alone.
Teaching is one of the few professions that demands a never-ending desire to educate one's self.
Teaching is one of the few professions that permit love.
Teaching is one of the most complex human endeavours imaginable.
Teaching is one of the most demanding careers one can choose.
Teaching is one of the most effective means to learning about a subject.
Teaching is one of the most important and personally rewarding occupations in our society today.
Teaching is one of the most important aspects of astronomy.
Teaching is one of the most important aspects of being a pastor.
Teaching is one of the most important jobs in the world.
Teaching is one of the most rewarding jobs in the world.
Teaching is one of the most rewarding jobs that truly make a difference in students' lives.
Teaching is one of the most satisfying profession any person can perform.
Teaching is one of the toughest jobs in the world-that's what is so appealing about it.
Teaching is one of the toughest jobs there is, but at the same time is the most rewarding.
Teaching is one of the toughest professions.
Teaching is one of the ways to change the world.
Teaching is one on one or in very small groups.
Teaching is one part acquired skill, one part gifting, and one part simple patience.
Teaching is one thing and telling stories is another.
Teaching is only good teaching if it incorporates a responsiveness to cultural diversity.
Teaching is only one of many factors that affects student performance.
Teaching is only one part of how faculty are awarded tenure.
Teaching is only successful when the learners are successful.
Teaching is only the first half of training.
Teaching is optional, depending upon the candidates' desire to teach and qualification.
Teaching is organised on a semester basis.
Teaching is organised on the basis of modules.
Teaching is organized into courses, and varying numbers of tutorials are organized for each course.
Teaching is organized with courses in cell and molecular biology and electron microscopy.
Teaching is orientated towards gradual but steady progress rather than quick and fleeting results.
Teaching is our first priority.
Teaching is our greatest strength and highest goal.
Teaching is our job.
Teaching is our major goal making teaching experience an important factor.
Teaching is our mission.
Teaching is our primary mission.
Teaching is our primary occupation . . . .
Teaching is our second objective.
Teaching is our top priority.
Teaching is our vehicle for making a difference in the world.
Teaching is our way of making a difference.
Teaching is paid under the salary plan described above.
Teaching is part art, part science.
Teaching is part of that.
Teaching is part of the learning of their curriculum.
Teaching is people work.
Teaching is performed in english as well as the administration but the press is mainly in french.
Teaching is performed through lectures, assignments, group work and laboratory studies.
Teaching is perhaps the most effective way to learn.
Teaching is perhaps the most evident task.
Teaching is planned on an individual basis to meet the specific needs of each child.
Teaching is practical and experiential.
Teaching is predominantly by lectures, supplemented with tutorials and problem classes.
Teaching is presentation.
Teaching is presented here as an obligation in today's reading.
Teaching is pretty tough.
Teaching is primarily a matter of having knowledge to impart and a knack for imparting it.
Teaching is primarily at the undergraduate level.
Teaching is primarily through lectures, discussions, seminars and case study activities.
Teaching is principally by means of lectures supplemented by tutorials and laboratory work.
Teaching is private international schools through a placement program.
Teaching is probably a little too strong a verb.
Teaching is probably the highest form of assistance.
Teaching is probably the most time-consuming activity for new faculty.
Teaching is progression.
Teaching is provided at all levels from basic studies to Ph.D. degrees.
Teaching is provided by competent and experienced instructors.
Teaching is provided by dental hygiene and dental educators, basic scientists, and researchers.
Teaching is provided by general neurologists and neuropsychiatrists.
Teaching is provided by pediatricians, family physicians, and subspecialists.
Teaching is provided by the faculty on daily rounds and during procedures.
Teaching is provided in one case by a second teacher robot and in another case by a human teacher.
Teaching is provided through a number of outlets.
Teaching is provided through lectures, lessons, seminars, and tutorials.
Teaching is really fun and rewarding, but also very demanding emotionally and time wise.
Teaching is recognised as a dynamic activity centred on the student.
Teaching is reflective, responsive, and purposeful.
Teaching is refreshed by research and scholarship.
Teaching is reinforced at family meetings.
Teaching is required in some departments and is an expectation in all.
Teaching is rotated among members and there is no lack of discussion.
Teaching is rotated on a volunteer basis.
Teaching is scheduled in accordance with the school programmes.
Teaching is scientific and objective oriented and is done more through interaction.
Teaching is secondary.
Teaching is seen as the most necessary element as an important generator of labour power.
Teaching is self-perpetuating.
Teaching is serious business.
Teaching is shared between the colleges and the department.
Teaching is shared by members and guest teachers.
Teaching is simply too much fun to think about leaving the classroom.
Teaching is slow and meticulous, simplified for older persons.
Teaching is so much more than talking.
Teaching is so much more than the distribution of knowledge.
Teaching is so needed and available in a lot of places, especially California.
Teaching is so rewarding and so much fun because it is so unpredictable.
Teaching is something one does out of love.
Teaching is something that has to be experienced in order to be clearly understood.
Teaching is something that requires all of the mind and the heart.
Teaching is sometimes a lonely, solitary profession.
Teaching is split between lectures, practical or skill sessions, problem classes and tutorials.
Teaching is spread over three days during the week.
Teaching is still an art in Mexico.
Teaching is still complex, but no longer overwhelming.
Teaching is still the lowest paid job in the nation.
Teaching is structured on a semester basis.
Teaching is structured to suit part-timers.
Teaching is student focussed and innovative.
Teaching is student-centred.
Teaching is such a rewarding profession.
Teaching is such a worthy calling.
Teaching is such an isolating experience that it is a treat to share ideas with peers.
Teaching is supervised by members of the department and includes a program of teacher training.
Teaching is supplemented by expert speakers, video tape instruction and special seminars.
Teaching is supported by audio-visual aids.
Teaching is supported by donations to the teachers at the end of the day.
Teaching is supported by extensive research activities in computer aided engineering.
Teaching is supportive of learning.
Teaching is suppose to be very important at Rose.
Teaching is surely one of life's most rewarding professions.
Teaching is tailored to learning.
Teaching is taken to mean facilitation of learning.
Teaching is targeted toward Ph.D. training.
Teaching is teamwork.
Teaching is the ability to inspire learning.
Teaching is the achievement of shared meaning.
Teaching is the acquisition, assimilation, and articulation of knowledge.
Teaching is the act of sharing knowledge.
Teaching is the activity that occurs during the time when students are in their chairs.
Teaching is the antithesis.
Teaching is the art and science of structuring experiences for learning within a caring context.
Teaching is the art of assisting discovery.
Teaching is the art of being human.
Teaching is the begining of learning.
Teaching is the best job and is very fullfilling.
Teaching is the best job in the world, and our students make it even better.
Teaching is the best way to learn something.
Teaching is the central core of the songleader's job.
Teaching is the central mission of higher education.
Teaching is the challenge to provoke that.
Teaching is the communication of knowledge, while research is the advancement of knowledge.
Teaching is the demonstration and organization of process.
Teaching is the distinguishing point between defining a person acting badly and a bad actor.
Teaching is the distribution of information or skills to others.
Teaching is the easier softer way.
Teaching is the easiest job to have when it's done badly.
Teaching is the easiest thing to do if it's done badly.
Teaching is the educational equivalent of white-water rafting.
Teaching is the essential profession, the one that makes all other professions possible.
Teaching is the faculty s first priority.
Teaching is the first priority for Stephens faculty.
Teaching is the focus of any school.
Teaching is the foremost area for faculty contribution.
Teaching is the fulfillment of learning.
Teaching is the function of any public school.
Teaching is the greatest act of optimism.
Teaching is the greatest form of optimism.
Teaching is the hardest job to have when it's done well.
Teaching is the hardest thing to do if it's done well.
Teaching is the hearer leaving with knowledge wi th which the speaker entered.
Teaching is the highest form of learning.
Teaching is the highest form of understanding.
Teaching is the highest priority.
Teaching is the humblest profession.
Teaching is the imparting of knowledge while learning is the gaining of knowledge.
Teaching is the interactive sharing of power.
Teaching is the key criteria on which performance is evaluated.
Teaching is the lifeblood for education.
Teaching is the main event.
Teaching is the main focus at RU and that's why many of the faculty are here.
Teaching is the major activity of most sociologists.
Teaching is the major focus of faculty.
Teaching is the mission of all colleges of education.
Teaching is the most demanding, creative, challenging profession on earth.
Teaching is the most difficult task.
Teaching is the most honorable profession in the world.
Teaching is the most important job in the world.
Teaching is the most important of all endeavors of people.
Teaching is the most important responsibility of the faculty.
Teaching is the most important thing a professor can do.
Teaching is the most influential job in the world.
Teaching is the much more human side of academia.
Teaching is the noblest of the noble professions.
Teaching is the occupation that offers immense potential for enriching the lives of others.
Teaching is the one profession that touches all professions.
Teaching is the one thing all disciplines have in common.
Teaching is the only direction that needs graduate school.
Teaching is the only profession with no built-in apprenticeship phase.
Teaching is the only rival of that first love.
Teaching is the opposite of anti-intellectualism.
Teaching is the organization of learning.
Teaching is the organization or learning.
Teaching is the other.
Teaching is the passing on of knowledge.
Teaching is the perfect venue.
Teaching is the primary factor in all faculty evaluation.
Teaching is the primary mission of the university.
Teaching is the prime example of the scholarship of representation.
Teaching is the priority and class environment is interactive.
Teaching is the process of curing the amnesia into which every generation is born.
Teaching is the process of leading someone to learn.
Teaching is the process of working with specific students .
Teaching is the process of working with specific students.
Teaching is the process that facilitates students' acquisition and application of new information.
Teaching is the profession that creates all others.
Teaching is the profession that makes all other professions possible.
Teaching is the profession that makes all other professsions possible.
Teaching is the profession that provides the most benefit to society.
Teaching is the profession that shapes America's future.
Teaching is the real issue.
Teaching is the same way.
Teaching is the same.
Teaching is the task at hand.
Teaching is the transfer of knowledge.
Teaching is the transfer of procedure.
Teaching is the ultimate profession.
Teaching is the Ultimate Truth of the world.
Teaching is their calling.
Teaching is their main focus.
Teaching is their top priority, a rarity at many institutions.
Teaching is their vocation and they are very responsive to challenges.
Teaching is therefore only one of the many careers open to history majors.
Teaching is through a coherent mix of lectures, group seminars, and practical work.
Teaching is through a combination of classwork, lectures, and practical work.
Teaching is through a combination of core and optional units.
Teaching is through a combination of lectures, small-group teaching and practicals.
Teaching is through a variety of methods embracing lectures, seminars and practical work.
Teaching is through language classes and exercises assessed by regular tests.
Teaching is through lectures, seminars and an essay.
Teaching is through lectures, seminars, discussion and practical sessions.
Teaching is through lectures, tutorials and practicals.
Teaching is through lectures, tutorials, computer practicals and laboratory demonstrations.
Teaching is through rounds, conferences, and in the operating room.
Teaching is through seminars with many opportunities for student participation.
Teaching is through sixteen seminars.
Teaching is through weekly lectures, small-group tutorials and computer workshops.
Teaching is thus a basic goal of majoring in Humanities.
Teaching is thus a great privilege and a wonderful pleasure.
Teaching is to adults and training and materials are provided by the school.
Teaching is to be conducted by physicians and other members of an interdisciplinary care team.
Teaching is to instruct.
Teaching is tolerance.
Teaching is too often a lonely profession.
Teaching is transformed from a traditional model to a student-centered model.
Teaching is tremendously exciting and rewarding.
Teaching is true learning.
Teaching is truly a life-changing profession.
Teaching is truly an enterprise of inquiry.
Teaching is truly one of the noblest professions.
Teaching is ultimately the most important vocation of all.
Teaching is unbearable.
Teaching is underpinned by high-quality research . . .
Teaching is undertaken in lectures, seminars and tutorials.
Teaching is undertaken in small groups with a member of staff instructing each technique.
Teaching is usually combined with research.
Teaching is usually one of the main areas of employment open to women.
Teaching is very difficult.
Teaching is very good overall.
Teaching is very hard work.
Teaching is very hard.
Teaching is VERY important.
Teaching is very much a profession.
Teaching is very participative in style, and lively class interaction is very much encouraged.
Teaching is very political.
Teaching is very rewarding.
Teaching is via a mixture of lectures, subject tutorials, laboratory work and project work.
Teaching is via twice-weekly lectures and occasional seminars, tutorials and film showings.
Teaching is viewed in the context of the culture of schools and the influences that shape it.
Teaching is what makes working at a university fun and exciting.
Teaching is what our missionaries do.
Teaching is where preservation begins.
Teaching is with front, side and rear views.
Teaching is with slow movement increasing in speed to regular speed.
Teaching is without question one of the most challenging professions.
Teaching is wonderful and full of potential.
Teaching is wonderful, but it's a full-time job.
Teaching is wonderful.
Teaching is yet another way to learn.
Teaching is, every day, a decision-making process.
Teaching is, of course, important.
Teaching is, of course, one of the most rewarding professions in the world.
Teaching is, quite simply, the best job in the world.
Teaching keeps their respective plates full, leaving little time for scholarly pursuits.
Teaching lasts one academic year and the dissertation up to another year.
Teaching leads students to develop skills for information processing and use of knowledge.
Teaching mainly entails the interpretation, exposition and explanation of the Bible.
Teaching makes a difference .
Teaching Makes a Difference .
Teaching makes a difference online.
Teaching makes a difference.
Teaching Makes a Difference.
Teaching matters more and more, and the commitment to that is a result of good leadership.
Teaching means allowing students to take part in the research process.
Teaching means creating situations where structure can be discovered.
Teaching means discipline, first and foremost, without any disruption.
Teaching means giving lectures and also doing research.
Teaching moves on to a higher level in a series of five-day camps.
Teaching multiculturally requires examining sensitive issues and topics.
Teaching natives the facts of life on a tropical island.
Teaching necessarily includes proclamation, catechesis and kerygma .
Teaching necessarily involves much more than the hours spent in a classroom.
Teaching needs Books in the library are the primary resource required for teaching.
Teaching needs to be viewed as a promising career option.
Teaching needs to become more attractive to people of color.
Teaching normally takes place on one day a week, for the benefit of part-time students.
Teaching notes Some teaching notes for undergraduate geophysics projects.
Teaching now takes place throughout the principal vacation periods and over thirty weekends a year.
Teaching occur sin teams of two in two hour blocks.
Teaching occurs almost every day on the basic level and most of the tuition is compulsory.
Teaching occurs between attendings, senior residents, interns and medical students.
Teaching occurs both at the bedside and in formal conferences.
Teaching occurs during rounds, in the operating room, and during in-house call.
Teaching occurs during therapy.
Teaching occurs in a cultural context.
Teaching occurs in a few different venues.
Teaching occurs in a number of forums.
Teaching occurs in Bible studies, small groups and regular fellowship meetings.
Teaching occurs on a daily basis during teaching rounds, work rounds and patient management rounds.
Teaching occurs through a combination of private lessons and class meetings, as appropriate.
Teaching occurs with every contact the coordinator has with the staff.
Teaching occurs within the context of one's laboratory work or in basic science courses.
Teaching offers a great way to interact with and help people.
Teaching offers biologists personal as well as intellectual rewards.
Teaching offers great personal rewards.
Teaching offers many self-satisfying rewards in return for the effort put forth.
Teaching offers psychologists the opportunity to teach a host of different subjects to students.
Teaching ought to be an enjoyable learning experience.
Teaching pays much less and that career field still attracts mostly women.
Teaching plays a major role in the activities of the unit.
Teaching playwriting alone is a massive, dirty, grueling and most unrewarding job.
Teaching prepares graduates to perform medical assisting.
Teaching prepares students for careers in research and service.
Teaching produces educated people.
Teaching produces future researchers.
Teaching produces the three characteristics in the previous part of the verse.
Teaching provides a valuable way for some students to supplement their income.
Teaching provides the professor with a good review of the basics.
Teaching Put the two pieces of paper side by side.
Teaching puts a person in the role of the gatekeeper as well as the instructor.
Teaching rainmaking by mentoring is largely a myth.
Teaching really is a calling.
Teaching really is more of a gift, a passion, than an occupation.
Teaching really means creating situations where discovery can occur.
Teaching reflects knowledge about and experiences with cultural diversity and exceptionalities.
Teaching reflects on understanding of the concepts being taught.
Teaching remains as important as research and other academic activities.
Teaching requires a bachelor s degree and the obtainment of a teaching certificate.
Teaching requires a desire to work with language to foster a child's development.
Teaching requires a four-year bachelor's degree.
Teaching requires a great deal of time, both inside and outside of the classroom.
Teaching requires a lot of time.
Teaching requires a lot of training and preparation.
Teaching requires a small, clean system.
Teaching requires commitment.
Teaching requires dedication, perseverance, and the ability to deal with failure.
Teaching requires effective communication.
Teaching requires exactly the same as committee work.
Teaching requires high levels of personal management skills.
Teaching requires much patience, creativity, intelligence and enthusiasm.
Teaching requires one to explain material in a comprehensible fashion.
Teaching requires passion and compassion.
Teaching requires patience and compassion and most importantly, getting the job done.
Teaching requires patience, dedication and organization.
Teaching requires patience.
Teaching requires preparation.
Teaching requires reflective decision making.
Teaching requires specialized education and training.
Teaching requires teachers to adapt to a variety of situations-most pleasant, but some unpleasant.
Teaching requires teachers to create environments within which students can learn.
Teaching requires the organization of learning.
Teaching requires three things.
Teaching requires time and flexibility, and the willingness to accept changes.
Teaching respects individual learning styles and accommodates individual differences.
Teaching resumes to schools again.
Teaching rounds with rehabilitation faculty.
Teaching See what's new in Teaching.
Teaching sequencing Little puppeteers create stories with a beginning, middle, and end.
Teaching sets a general course of direction, while prophesy corrects a course that has gone awry.
Teaching shapes the mind by eliciting submission to the discoveries of the community.
Teaching shapes the mind.
Teaching Show the cheer or chant so everyone knows what to expect.
Teaching simply serves to frustrate the child and to take more time.
Teaching suffers, as does application.
Teaching takes a kind of special courage because it is so public.
Teaching takes a lot of a scientist's time.
Teaching takes a lot of courage and effort.
Teaching takes dedication and commitment, but is immensely rewarding.
Teaching takes on many forms and there are endless possibilities.
Teaching takes patience.
Teaching takes place at five regional hospitals.
Teaching takes place at weekends and summer schools.
Teaching takes place in inpatient, outpatient and community settings.
Teaching takes place in lectures and in groups called tutorials.
Teaching takes place in public schools, language schools, universities, companies, etc.
Teaching takes place in small group seminars and tutorials.
Teaching takes place in the evening, five days a week for three hours per day.
Teaching takes place in the evening.
Teaching takes place in the office and the corridor as well as in the classroom.
Teaching takes place in two semesters each year.
Teaching takes place in Zulu and English.
Teaching takes place on one or two days per week, mostly during the daytime.
Teaching takes place over three academic terms divided by a vacation.
Teaching takes place over three terms, and is primarily based within a psychodynamic framework.
Teaching takes place over two semesters per year.
Teaching takes place through a mixture of lectures and seminars, and sometimes field work as well.
Teaching takes place through the medium of lectures, tutorial and practical classes.
Teaching takes places at the internet in the form of an electronic classroom.
Teaching takes the form of a mixture of lecture, seminar and workshop modes.
Teaching takes the form of lectures and practical exercises.
Teaching takes the form of lectures and seminar classes.
Teaching takes the form of lectures and seminars.
Teaching takes the form of lectures, seminars and group work.
Teaching takes the form of lectures, small-group seminars and individual tutorials.
Teaching takes the form of seminars and tutorials.
Teaching takes time, effort and patience.
Teaching teens the truth.
Teaching tends to be most exciting and effective when ownership occurs.
Teaching tends to raise quality of health care delivery, as many studies have shown.
Teaching traditionally is something that's done in isolation.
Teaching triarchically improves student achievement.
Teaching truly touches the future.
Teaching undergraduates about the psychology of power.
Teaching uses approximate values which can quite easily be remembered.
Teaching uses Some software programs introduce students to new approaches to present their data.
Teaching varies from person to person, and teaching art is no exception.
Teaching works both ways, however.
Teaching writing within all aspects of the curriculum is an on-going engagement.
Teaching's a hard job.
Teachings are like the road directions to get somewhere.
Teachings are very eclectic.
Teachings can vary from one branch of the order to another, and even from temple to temple.
Teachings concerning tribulation, suffering and trials are rejected.
Teachings show a respect for the earth and all living things.
Teachings vary as much as names do, each one professing the truth, or some portion of it.
Teaching always involves a relation between the mind of one person and the mind of another.
Teaching always involves challenges.
Teaching always is.
Teaching always leads back to research, and research to teaching.
Teaching often reveals holes in understanding.
Teaching usually begins with responsibility for a single class, group, topic, unit, or activity.
Teaching usually happens in the context of marriage with a human.
Teaching usually involves one to many connections.
All teaching begins with assumptions about what children already know.
All teaching is at post-graduate level.
All teaching is at the highest level, and all instructors are acknowledged leaders in their fields.
All teaching is based on certain assumptions regarding the learner.
All teaching is by E-mail.
All teaching is carried out on our compact, flat campus, next to the residences.
All teaching is delivered within an anti-discriminatory framework.
All teaching is done experientially, as much as possible out of doors.
All teaching is done in a patient, fun and professional manner.
All teaching is done in clearly spoken English.
All teaching is done in Spanish by professional Mexican teachers.
All teaching is done in study blocks.
All teaching is done through the adult.
All teaching is done under faculty supervision.
All teaching is done using methods compatible with how the brain best learns.
All teaching is held in English.
All teaching is in a participatory style.
All teaching is in English.
All teaching is in vain, without learning.
All teaching is obligatory.
All teaching is on a post-graduate level.
All teaching is outside normal business hours.
All teaching is student-centred, and encourages participation and discussion in covering each topic.
All teaching is supported by audio visual aids.
All teaching is supported by audio-visual aids.
All teaching is supported by opportunities for individual feedback and consultation with staff.
All teaching is via the Web, class demonstrations and hands-on use of computers.
All teaching presupposes a view of the past, an analysis of the present, a vision of the future.
All teaching takes for granted the existence in man of plastic modifiability.
All teaching takes place against a background of current commercial and industrial research.
All teaching takes place at weekends or in block weeks.
All teaching takes place in seminar groups.
All teaching takes place in small groups which facilitates discussion and debate.
All teachings are by donation.
All teachings are mere references.
All teachings emphasize the importance of preparations.
Every teaching has a specific purpose.
Every teaching has some basic principles upon which it is built.
Every teaching still has to be applied in particular cases.
Many teachings are quite contradictory.
Many teachings come from the woodpecker.
More Teaching does just that, spreading wisdom, inspiration and information to the reggae nation.
More teaching is involved.
More teaching is needed.
Most teaching is by native speakers who come specially from Russia for the course.
Most teaching is carried out in small groups.
Most teaching is on campus through lectures and tutorials, some units are school based.
Most teaching takes place through lectures.
Most teachings concerned with ethics affirm the non-doing of evil and the cultivation of good.
Most teachings incorporate some kind of spiritual practice.
Much teaching concerning the finishing of our journeys is necessary today.
Much teaching is delivered by clinical staff.
Much teaching is done by example.
Much teaching is done by pastors.
Some teaching is conducted in a conference seminar.
Some teaching is delivered in commissioners' own premises, when required.
Some teaching is required.
Some teaching takes place in the form of group projects linked to particular courses.
Some teachings focus on vigorous acts of charity and service as the way to enlightenment.
Some teachings say the black mark can be so bad the one can burn in hell forever.
Teacup pigs are a new growing trend in North America.
Teacup poodles are tiny toys and the result of breeding smaller toys.
A teacup is an amount
Teacup isa cup.
Teacups are containers.
Teacups are cups.
Teacups are dishs.
Teacups have (part) handles.
Teacups have (part) sections.
Teacups make lovely containers for silk or dried flower arrangements.
Teacups start at eight hundred dollars.
All teacups have no handle.
All teacups shown are also enamel-lined.
A teahouse is a restaurant
Teahouses reflect a deliberate form of architectural purity.
Teahouses usually have showers.
Teak furniture decorates the terrace with the dining table, lounge chairs and several seating areas.
Teak furniture is a perennial, quality investment.
Teak furniture is plantation grown teakwood.
Teak hand rails on cabin top.
Teak oil provides a slight surface sheen while Danish oil leaves a low luster.
A teak is wood
TEAK is the largest source of income for the regime other than drugs.
Teak works well with both hand and machine tools.
Teakean soils are on mountains, are deep to a fragipan and have a xeric moisture regime.
A teakwood is wood
Teakwood is available in two coloration's being, natural light brown or natural dark brown.
Teal hunters can get by with whatever is handy, which only promotes further procrastination.
Teal numbers tend to peak later in the month.
Teal is ducks.
Teal is green
Teals abound in the many seep ponds on the Swamp.
Teals are rapid, agile flyers.
Teals are sexually dimorphic.
Teals are somewhat rare compared to the larger mallard and canvasback decoys that have been found.
Tealinfo reader is required.
Team autonomy refers to the extent team members are empowered to carry out their jobs.
Team awards are for first and second places.
Team awards follow.
Team awards shal be givin to at least the first three places at USPF national meets.
Team captain appoints a person to enter the team lineup each shift.
Team captain has no control over teammates.
Team captain is responsible for registering team members before race.
Team captain reports the score to the teacher.
Team captains are however, ultimately responsible for a team member's eligibility.
Team captains are responsible for ascertaining the eligibility of each player and opponent.
Team captains are responsible for ascertaining the eligibility of their players.
Team captains are responsible for assigning Greeters to each service and coffee hour.
Team captains are responsible for informing players of playing dates and game times.
Team captains are responsible for informing players of playing dates and times.
Team captains are responsible for insuring their team is ready for the race at the scheduled time.
Team captains are responsible for making sure players have read the rules.
Team captains are responsible for team and individual team member conduct.
Team captains are responsible for the actions of their fans.
Team captains are responsible for the collection of the bowling fees.
Team captains are responsible for the conduct of their players and their spectators.
Team captains are responsible for the conduct of their players, sidelines and spectators.
Team captains are responsible for the conduct of their players, sidelines, and spectators.
Team captains are responsible for the conduct of their players.
Team captains are responsible for the eligibility of each player on their team.
Team captains are responsible for the establishment of the eligibility of players on their rosters.
Team captains are responsible for their sidelines and spectators.
Team captains are responsible for their teams conduct.
Team captains are solely responsible for the eligibility of all their players.
Team captains assist the board in arranging for parties and facilitating emergency communications.
Team captains continue in the dual role of coach.
Team captains coordinate outings and schedule planning meetings.
Team captains decide the team playoff standing based on the season record.
Team captains deserve a lot of credit for their hard work.
Team captains have the following additional responsibilities.
Team captains meet with homeowners in advance to determine the maintenance needs.
Team captains schedule their teams when they turn in their rosters.
Team captains talk to each other before a water polo game .
Team captains talk to each other before a water polo game.
Team composition includes line employees as well as department heads or other management personnel.
Team composition is based on the child's needs.
Team conflict is replaced by a feeling of cohesiveness.
Team debate is two-person team debate on a policy topic.
Team development is a planned and managed process.
Team development is imperative.
Team development is straightforward to configure and manage.
Team development merges on the project level.
Team development takes time and patience.
Team development takes time.
Team dynamics are crucial in the success formula, as is a solid defensive unit.
Team dynamics are something to consider when assigning teams.
Team dynamics require a balance of people with different and complementary skills and knowledge.
Team effectiveness is a balance between people factors, organisational rules and job tasks.
Team effectiveness is strengthened or weakened by the existence of trust and teamwork.
Team effort helps pregnant drug users.
Team effort is a primary emphasis in the training.
Team effort is an important factor in a team.
Team effort is emphasized throughout the course.
Team effort is encouraged and rewarded.
Team effort is mostly limited to evaluation of deliverables.
Team effort is necessary to reach a goal of exemplary community service.
Team effort is the key to a successful disaster care program.
Team effort makes effective base for air tankers.
Team effort pays off.
Team efforts are to be encouraged and supported.
Team efforts foster new ideas and approaches to providing investor education.
Team efforts provide customers with finely tuned products on tight schedules.
Team games can be especially effective at building camaraderie.
Team games encourage physical fitness and robustness, and are a factor contributing to high morale.
Team games help children learn cooperation.
Team handball is a fast-paced game that combines elements of basketball, soccer and water polo.
Team handball is played by two teams of seven players each.
Team handball is played with seven players per side, six court players, and one goalkeeper.
Team handball promotes excellent physical conditioning and a good working knowledge of team play.
Team leader brings in report sections.
Team leader coordinates the interviews, synthesizes the data, and writes the report.
Team leader Focuses on what needs to get done.
Team leader gets fellow players to listen.
Team leader instructs the team about search and safety procedures before they enter the room.
Team leader is the current phrase for what used to be called a city or metro editor.
Team leader keeps track of team members and monitors the team's progress.
Team leader makes title page.
Team leaders add or delete members from their own eRooms, making administration simple.
Team leaders are employees with limited supervisory responsibilities.
Team leaders are enthusiastic about the competition.
Team leaders are members of the chat volunteer community.
Team leaders assist members in developing quarterly goal plans.
Team leaders begin each shift with team members reporting on the status of their patients.
Team leaders can allocate a quota to each salesperson and then monitor their progress.
Team Leaders can assess resources needed for their projects and plan works accordingly.
Team Leaders can coordinate the packout operation.
Team leaders can prepare volunteers by encouraging spiritual growth.
Team leaders check the changes that team members have put back.
Team leaders coordinate rooming assignments.
Team leaders give talks on the importance of working together to solve problems.
Team leaders have the authority to suspend chat monitors.
Team leaders have the overall responsibility for each paper.
Team leaders keep a binder of team notes, lessons, and student artifacts to demonstrate their work.
Team leaders learn emotional intelligence and motivation skills.
Team leaders learn to follow the rules of brainstorming to identify causes of the problem.
Team Leaders make the patient assignments.
Team Leaders Managing effectively is the most important skill a team leader can have.
Team leaders meet frequently to cull applications that illustrate problems or important issues.
Team leaders provide the team members with draft reports prior to arrival.
Team leaders receive extensive training about their target area.
Team leaders schedule the meetings after the policy is underway.
Team Leaders See appropriate category in Phone List.
Team leaders take charge of the team, sell memberships and motivate team players.
Team leaders teach collections recovery skills in hands-on training sessions held periodically.
Team leaders work as representatives of the following laboratories.
Team leaders work with placement agencies to attract applicants.
Team leaders work with their members to analyze and break down the tasks and assign deadlines.
Most team leaders support and enjoy the teamwork experience.
Team management is a very important issue.
Team management is as important as team task accomplishment.
Team management is viewed as a shared function.
Team management says it s a matter of looking at the big picture.
Team management takes a back seat to coaching.
Team members participate in care.
Team members share responsibility.
Team members to share information.
Team members to share personal information.
Team members wear shoes.
Team ministry is essential to growth and health.
Team ministry is taught and modeled.
Team ministry is the answer.
Team ministry is the most effective ministry.
Team ministry plays an important part in church planting strategy.
Team nicknames deserve a comment.
Team nursing implies that some members work under supervision while others lead and manage.
Team nutrition presents a guide for purchasing food service equipment.
Teams of people can work together as well.
Teams of people slide heavy stones with handles down the ice toward targets under the ice .
Teams of people slide heavy stones with handles down the ice toward targets under the ice.
Team orders are especially welcome.
All team orders are order directly from the manufacturer and based on availability.
Team physicians deal only with musculoskeletal injuries.
Team picture is here .
Team picture is included.
Team pictures are always fun to look back on.
Team player is essential.
Team player is really a demand for conformity.
Team player means synergism.
Team player Works well with others.
Team players are committed to each other s success.
Team players are committed to each others success.
Team players are essential.
Team players are good for playing well-rehearsed games, where the rules are already determined.
Team players are people who value sharing and helping one another.
Team players are to literally crawl within the area and only use their hands to unearth the marbles.
Team players bring complementary strengths to compensate weaknesses of each other.
Team players can pickup opposing team players at half court.
Team players have to know each other.
Team players sit across from each other.
Team players stay smack in the middle of the team.
Team players uncover strategies.
Most team players uncover strategies.
Team practice is held on the day prior to matches.
Team practices are critical to the development of the team.
Team practices are open free to the public.
Team practices depend on the individual coach s schedule.
Team practices take place mostly during school hours.
Team programs are laboratory or test programs to be worked on in teams of two or more students.
Team spirit can be extremely rewarding.
Team spirit is a disposition
Team spirit is a key ingredient.
Team spirit is a vital component of any successful cooperative endeavor, especially in athletics.
Team spirit is absolutely great and there is nothing like it.
Team spirit is also essential.
Team spirit is an intangible that can be crushed like the flowers under a persons feet.
Team spirit is concerned with true facts and feelings.
Team spirit is created through common efforts and shared successes.
Team spirit is cultivated and profoundly sensed.
Team spirit is essential to being a mascot.
Team spirit is essential.
Team spirit is fostered through attitudes of mutual respect and fairness for all personnel.
Team spirit is high.
Team spirit is important with high motivation and self-direction essential.
Team spirit is the crux here.
Team spirit is the key to our success.
Team spirit is the key to winning.
Team spirit is very high.
Team spirit spills over into real life for fans.
A team sport is a sport
Team sports are a great way for boys to be physically active and use their energy in positive ways.
Team sports are a great way to get some exercise and enjoy some social interaction as well.
Team sports are also popular.
Team sports are an excellent way to build character.
Team sports are an ideal way for children to learn cooperation.
Team sports are appropriate representations of society as a whole.
Team sports are available for middle and high school girls and boys in basketball and golf.
Team sports are either all girls or all boys.
Team sports are more exciting than individual sports.
Team sports are somewhat different.
Team sports are sports.
Team sports are very popular, such as cricket, rugby and soccer.
Team sports build community.
Team sports can also make a big organization seem a little smaller.
Team sports can combat the downward spiral of an increasing population of inactive kids.
Team sports can help teach interdependence.
Team sports can teach a child how to listen and respect a coach's authority, parents say.
Team sports can teach kids social skills and ways to interact with one another.
Team sports carry the additional bonuses of camaraderie, belonging, and shared visions.
Team sports combine their social tendencies with exercise.
Team sports contribute to the development of high school students.
Team sports have men's, women's and co-ed schedules.
Team sports have the shortest window of opportunity due to scheduling purposes.
Team sports play on the designated fields for the different Intramural events.
Team sports play such an important role in the lives of children.
Team sports provide encouragement, respect, responsibility and pride.
Team sports require a group of people who share common free time.
Team sports selected include basketball, soccer, softball, and track and field.
Team sports selected include flag football, flicker ball, gatorball, speedball, and volleyball.
Team sports teach teamwork, while individual sports develop self-reliance.
Any team sport requires individual skills and talents.
Most team sports look to fill positions.
Team synergy is the result of two or more people valuing and trusting each other.
Team tennis is no different than any other sport.
Team tracks are available for rail-truck transfer of cargo.
Team unity is a big part of soccer.
Team unity is a lot better.
Team unity is a very important, but particularly on the battle field.
Team unity is affected both on and off the field.
Team unity is essential in the game of volleyball.
Team unity is important.
Team unity is key to our success.
Team work allows for larger and more challenging assignments while reducing the overall workload.
Team work allows for the emergence of new ideas.
Team work assigns responsibilities for achievements.
Team work can be very helpful - list ways teams can be of help to each team member.
Team work can occur on a much smaller scale even if the team only consists of one or two members.
Team work can provide greater variety and more evenly distributed muscular work.
Team work counts.
Team work creates positive energy and positive energy creates synergy.
Team work does make a difference.
Team work does make racing more exciting.
Team work equals a good episode and a solved case.
Team work fits most naturally in background discussions and the presentations.
Team work gets the job done.
Team work gives the whole team more control and autonomy in planning and allocation of the work.
Team work improves results .
Team work improves, there is less conflict and greater patience with different norms.
Team work is a part of television production.
TEAM Work is a vital key to any organizations.
Team work is always successful, whether it be team sports, business or public service organizations.
Team work is an absolute necessity for best results.
Team work is an area that requires the ability to lead, motivate and work well with others.
Team work is an essential element in the management of large and small institutions.
Team work is an essential element of our school at all levels.
Team work is an important dimension measured in the interview.
Team work is another powerful weapon in dispelling ideas of isolation or handicap.
Team work is at the heart of our approach.
Team work is at the heart of the New View development process.
Team work is critical to environmental science.
Team work is critical to success.
Team work is done by the team alone without help from others.
Team work is emphasized in the coordination and production of group projects.
Team work is emphasized in the food plants, and line workers are also involved in decision making.
Team work is emphasized.
Team work is encouraged and participative and interpersonal collaborative skills developed.
Team work is encouraged for most assignments and activities.
Team work is encouraged, but the points awarded are divided by the number of participants.
Team work is encouraged.
Team work is essential and all team members are integral to the success of the program.
Team work is essential for consideration for promotion.
Team work is essential to make a boat go.
Team work is essential.
Team work is important and vital.
Team work is important as are commercial awareness, accountability and numeracy.
Team work is important in the treatment of children with more than one disorder.
Team work is important too.
Team work is important, since musculoskeletal disorders are chronic.
Team work is important.
Team work is learned.
Team work is mandatory and supported.
Team work is much more important now than it was in the early days of space travel.
Team work is necessary to achieve the best results.
Team work is our strength.
Team work is our way of life.
Team work is required.
Team work is stressed.
Team work is the best way to solve any problem.
Team work is the cornerstone of clinical audit.
Team work is the fuel that allows common people to attain uncommon results.
Team work is the key ingredient in the development of plans.
Team work is the key to any successful program.
Team work is the key.
Team work is the most vital factor in determining the clinic's success.
Team work is the objective and always the scope.
Team work is usually essential.
Team work is very important on a sailing ship.
Team work is very important.
Team work is viewed as very important part of the learning process in the course.
Team work is vital if the orbit changes are to be successfully carried out.
Team work is what gets most jobs done.
Team work is wonderful at work and in the home.
Team work makes things possible.
Team work means good communication between home and school.
Team work needs to be an everyday event.
Team work occurs best when the team members share in developing a group vision.
Team work requires dedication, trust, and above all honesty.
Team work requires new sensitivities and skills.
Team work works.
A team is an unit
Team allows proficient readers the opportunity to tutor more inexperienced readers.
Team already exists, just needs an owner.
TEAM also simulates important software applications interfaces for automated functions.
TEAM also works with legacy systems to create distributed web based business applications.
TEAM also works with many leading consortia.
Team announces reduction in home games on TV, hoping to attract more fans to home games.
Team annually designs, constructs, and competitively races a formula-type car.
Team appears to work together.
Team approach as technical support to consulting group.
Team approach for monitoring student progress.
Team approach for successful implant dentistry.
Team approach good for a variety of voices.
Team approach to analyze, design, and document realistic systems of moderate complexity.
Team approach to care management and pleasant working conditions.
Team approach to courseware design.
Team approach to current issues in agriculture and natural resources communications and education.
Team approach to design, oral, and written presentations.
Team approach to developing solutions for small business problems is utilized.
Team approach to problem solving.
Team approach to projects.
Team approach to teaching participatory group process involving natural resources and agriculture.
Team approach to the medical floors.
Team approach to therapy.
Team approach to tibial fracture.
Team approach with dietitian.
Team approach with hands on, one on one, no unattended modalities individual treatment.
Team approaches and quality circles are another way to gather feedback on needed improvements.
Team approaches to counseling in medical and dental settings.
Team approaches to problem solving and projects.
Team approaches to problem solving models and conflict resolution.
Team are school, community and club based.
Team babysitting can be an excellent and safe way to babysit.
Team badge on left chest.
Team based programs are more effective in reaching student achievement goals.
Team based projects tend to be better than independent projects.
Team based strategy is a whole different ball game.
Team begins review of the agencies' files.
Team begins to investigate the major areas of concerns as determined by the manufacturer.
Team birthing meetings develop team charters, missions, visions, and goals.
Team brainstorms a hypothesis to the assigned question.
Team breaks into various sized groups playing within same large area.
TEAM brings it all together and coordinates each step of the way including imprinting and mailing.
Team brings notebook containing all legacy items.
Team building and bonding is enhanced by experiential challenges and initiatives.
Team building and working towards common goals for the good of all is realized.
Team building programs and discounts for company trips are also available.
Team building programs at the resort offer unusual challenges for groups of every size.
TEAM Call or E-mail for a quote on team uniforms, shirts, jackets, caps, cheerleading supplies.
Team can help.
Team captain all four years.
Team captain the past two seasons.
Team captains responsibility to inform players.
Team causes the ball to land within the boundaries of the opponents court.
Team celebrates success.
Team check the back-translation, and revise.
Team checks final division of labor.
Team checks the door for heat and enters the room.
TEAM Click on the image below and learn more.
Team competes with other high school teams.
Team consistently reaches consensus.
Team consists of law enforcement, correction officers, and fire fighters.
Team consists of pastors and parishioners.
Team consists of two men and two women.
Team consists of two, three or four student members and a coach.
Team consists of two, three, or four student members and a coach.
Team contacts client within one week of project assignment.
Team contacts more than three times before returning ball over the net.
Team continues south.
Team continues to be cautiously optimistic.
Team counseling as a couple Two counselors working together can be very effective.
Team covers a lot of ice but is forced to detour in search of frozen bridge across open water.
Team covers all codes.
Team covers hitter.
Team covers right side attacker.
Team creates list of equipment and chooses site.
Team decides on a candidate and recommends a salary offer.
Team determines final design options.
Team determines scope of review.
Team develops action plan, reports results and secures commitments.
Team develops better filters for wastewater treatment .
Team develops breakthroughs for autos, planes to be lighter, tougher, roomier .
Team directories for earlier years to be posted soon.
Team does better than a collection of individual efforts because all contribute all their skills.
Team elects own chair.
Team elects to pull off track to charge, since battery level is so low.
Team enjoys first ever trip to tournament.
Team entertains questions from class.
Team entries only.
Team exercises reinforce the terms and meanings learned.
Team exercises that guaranteed to get the job done in half the time.
Team faces No.
Team feels good and everyone is healthy.
Team fight to stay in zones, while defending against the incoming enemy.
Team finds easy objects to be hard business.
Team finds that pulsars get wound up - and down.
Team finishes second.
Team flying is about formation flying, creating patterns in the sky to music.
Team flying is harder than it looks.
TEAM focuses on the educational needs at all levels of schooling.
Team forfeits, poor fields, too few officials, etc.
Team goes on a vacation.
Team goes undefeated and wins national championship.
Team have certain responsibilities for their own good behavior as well as that of their spectators.
Team hits the ball out of bounds on the opponents side.
Team huddles at the foul line.
Team includes buyer specialist and handyman to name a few.
Team includes concept of standards in definition.
TEAM includes educational outreach programs for both teachers and students.
TEAM increases sales for agencies, consortia, and vendors through quality direct mail pieces.
Team intends to conduct such experiments.
Team interviewing can take several forms.
Team interviewing now is common, with questions fired in rapid order succession.
Team investigating Yemen explosion grows .
TEAM is a group of students dedicated to the goal of eliminating prejudice and uniting the campus.
TEAM is a program designed for medical students.
TEAM is a very relevant concept in today's corporate environment.
Team is accountable to the organizational leadership.
Team is available to all special education students with significant communication needs.
Team is completely uncooperative.
Team is currently in the process of supporting and enhancing functionality to the application.
Team is healthy and super motivated.
TEAM is ideal for STL use and multiple audio transmission requirements.
Team is in conversation and works together as apparent in their individual portfolios.
Team is in good spirits and family members are rallying in support of the team.
Team is in uniform and one player is clearly African-American.
Team is just average in nets.
Team is kind of dead recently.
Team is more balanced than in the past decade or so.
Team is on- site for approximately four weeks.
Team is on wagon built on pickup frame with a old truck bed on it.
Team is out of position at service.
Team is part of a scientific experiment to determine breaking point of local hockey fans.
Team is perhaps the most important thing the VCs look at.
Team is probably at a crossroads.
TEAM is still in existence.
TEAM is the No.
TEAM is the project coordinator.
Team is to design a new, functional hat.
Team isa organization.
Team keeps winning despite loosing players each week to Houston.
Team lead for high profile OS project.
Team leader- coordinates the day s work with the teacher and team members.
Team Leaders Several teams are within each of the basic areas of ministry.
Team leading experience is essential.
Team learning is a team skill that can be learned.
Team learning is active, integrated, cumulative, and connected.
Team lines up behind a line.
Team lines up starting at one side of the blue line all along the boards in the offensive zone.
Team listings in all significant basketball leagues.
Team looks good.
Team looks like it's gathering momentum.
Team looks solid from top to bottom.
Team looks to make playoffs for the first time in history of the franchise.
Team loses in the first round and promises a bright future.
Team loses quarterback in first game.
Team make up is analysis and discussed so that the group operates as a more effective unit.
Team manages to get a very slight charge that evening.
TEAM Meet our friendly, professional, full time associates and our support staff as well.
Team meets monthly to make decisions on issues that affect our school community.
Team moves slightly up in overall divisional picture.
Team needs to get more girls on campus involved and excited about the team.
Team now needs to smooth out the big dips.
TEAM offers a flexible group of engineers with diverse complimentary talents.
TEAM offers a wide range of customized sales training and consulting services.
Team offers free, comprehensive environmental assessments to large and medium-sized businesses.
TEAM offers legal assistance on municipal labor issues to the boroughs of Pennsylvania.
Team offers products and services to adopt effective software testing and test-related technologies.
TEAM offers self insurance on all shipments by TEAM missionaries.
Team offers the competitive swimmer many options to participate in premier competitions.
Team only drops one because of their tough schedule.
Team ordering price includes naming and numbering in English or Cyrillic.
Team organizes the task.
Team oriented environments tend to be conducive to knowledge management programs.
Team paco rabanne fragrances.
Team paddle a self-bailing raft.
Team pages with a listing of the current tournaments that each team is signed up for.
Team pairings for evaluation of second-level menu links.
Team pass incomplete.
Team pauses for prayer before leaving the awards area.
Team penning is similar to steer wrestling and calf roping.
Team penning is the nation's fastest growing equine sport.
Team places fifth.
Team plan to develop key points, inquiries, rubrics, for instructional units.
Team planning periods focus on specific training and curriculum needs.
Team plans lessons and units with the program speech-language therapist.
Team play and game settings are emphasized.
Team play and rules incorporated.
Team play as well as the rules and regulations are also taught to the youth.
Team play begins as soon as two youngsters co-operate.
Team play environment.
Team play fundamentals such as passing and shooting are more important than individual speed.
Team play is crucial.
Team play is for pussies.
Team play is key.
Team play multiplies the effectiveness of each player.
Team play releases synergism.
Team play respawning madness.
Team play scoring implemented.
Team play without ethics is humanity s worst nightmare.
Team play, birthday parties, overnights and field rental are also available.
Team play, rules interpretation, and game strategy is emphasized.
Team play, strategy and a review of the rules.
Team play, with shared vision between teams.
Team plays a number of tournaments in spring season.
Team plays three exibition games and wins all three.
Team plays upper-division schedule and several tournaments.
Team plays well.
Team poses for rayce photos.
Team prepares a brief report of the choices available and supporting details.
Team prepares a comparative study of the choices available.
Team presents a formal written report at the end of the visit.
Team presents a formal written report at the end of their visit.
Team presents well-developed analysis of industry.
Team processes for development of exhibits and educational programs.
Team profiles along with upcoming tournament schedules.
Team projects possible, with approval.
Team projects to be developed.
TEAM provides a one stop resource to connect people with processing power.
Team provides changes, corrections, and other feedback to copywriter.
Team provides consultative and support services to school divisions and teachers.
Team provides software for data processing and for displaying browse and data products.
Team puts human face on census A compliment from a reader can go a long way.
Team questionnaire to each participant.
Team racing as it's practiced currently, is co-ed.
Team reads the story together.
Team reads through the entire activity.
Team rebounding also is important.
Team rebounds None.
Team receives briefing on exercise problem before going to in the field.
Team receives first draft of data variable reports for review and feedback.
Team receives publication for distribution.
Team recognizes individual difference.
Team records Other records Individual records Scoring leaders, single game Player Game Year Pts.
Team recruiting is simple, thorough and hugely successful.
Team refers to cooperative learning teams that stay the same for six weeks.
Team remains hopeful for next season.
Team remains in touch with outside world.
Team repair below the crest.
Team reports and projects.
Team reports based on selected sets of games.
Team reports contd.
Team reports electrical problem.
Team reports gearbox problem.
Team reports recurring electrical problem.
Team reports, and a little more.
Team reports, player stats, and little known facts about todays stars and yesterday's heroes.
Team represents the values of a healthy and active lifestyle that includes outdoor activity.
Team requires participation in divisional and sectional tournaments.
Team requires participation in divisional tournaments.
Team requires participation in divisional, sectional, and national events.
Team responds to an incident, cordons off the area and assesses what type of attack occurred.
Team responds to the Critical Thinking Questions.
Team results for the series.
Team results from the road race competition follow.
Team reviews creative and design and provides feedback.
Team reviews test results.
Team revisits periodically to learn of progress and offer additional suggestions.
Team riding introduces a more casual and cooperative ingredient.
Team roping is a co-ed event.
Team roping is practical for catching cattle to doctor and brand on the ranch.
Team roping is still a common practice on ranches even today.
Team roping is the exception.
Team roping is the only co-ed event.
Team roping is the only other world championship race that virtually has been decided.
Team roping is the only team event in rodeo and requires two contestants, the header and the heeler.
Team roping stays constant.
Team rotates in order immediately after winning the serve.
Team rotates on every serve.
Team score in any subject is the sum of the two highest scores in that subject.
Team scores only when it is serving.
Team scoring balance is a constant among the eight state finals teams.
Team scoring for the second day is the same as in other individual tournaments.
Team selling in conjunction with the local sales teams and other national offices is required.
Team sets out on jog in single file.
Team sets record .
Team sets State records for best defense, most points per game, and most consecutive wins.
Team settle in for the seminar.
Team shares facilities with crew team.
Team shares responsibility for processor architecture specification and design validation.
Team shoots first at the basket opposite the bench.
Team shows that it has achieved full vertical integration functionality.
Team sieving cracks a huge number.
Team skills Communication skills.
Team skills critical.
Team skills development checklist iv.
Team skins and prizes, too.
Team sponsor contributions vary depending on league level participation.
Team stands at the starting point.
Team starts in defensive alignment with blockers.
Team stays intact.
Team still has potential for great things, or ugly things.
Team still needs to determine support person.
Team subscribe down few pain that finished jerry springer biography.
Team takes back an artifact to study.
Team talk before the quarter final.
Team teach a class with a colleague or switch classes for a period or two.
Team teach Adjust loan periods eg.
Team teach and offer interdisciplinary courses.
Team teach in user education program Special projects as required.
Team teach two day lessons at an elementary school.
Team teach with a teacher of students who are deaf or hard of hearing.
Team teach with economics as one of the content areas .
Team teach with economics as one of the content areas.
Team teaching occurs at all grade levels with the general education staff.
Team teaching occurs in grades three through six.
Team teaching True team teaching is another way to make time.
Team teaching with the science teacher is recommended.
Team then forms the boat.
Team Think groups strike a balance between themselves and the team.
Team tracking poses the challenge of tracking a team's joint goals and plans.
Team travel abroad including vaccinations, problems with infection.
Team travels across Tennessee leading youth revivals, rallies, camps and outreach.
Team travels by charter bus.
Team travels to point of last sighting and wanders from there.
Team trophies to the top six teams.
Team trophies to the top two teams in each division.
Team try-out practices begin.
Team updates on Presentations.
Team uses effective and meaningful progress monitoring strategies.
Team uses telemetry and geometry to get to final act.
Team uses tents for shelter.
Team wear stretches in a new direction.
Team wear takes a a dynamic, new dimension with vibrant combinations and bold decorating options.
Team wear that delivers solid, dependable performance for the long run.
Team winning cointoss has option to start with possession or defer to the other team.
Team winning most accumulative games wins that night.
Team work as a winning way for competing in a world-wide market.
Team work for coordination of seminar paper presentation.
Team work from start to finish.
Team work important.
Team work in a health food store.
Team work in a highly motivational context.
Team work in practice.
Team work in the college class.
TEAM WORK is a valuable part of successful research.
TEAM WORK is our motto.
TEAM WORK is the buzz word.
Team work necessary.
Team work on assignments is encouraged.
Team work on case studies and on the investigation of crime scenes is emphasized.
Team work on developing a system for a simulated company.
Team work on large urgent projects.
Team work really counts.
Team work Subject depth Public performance Try to use electronic resources as much as possible.
Team work to define project goals.
Team work to finish a task, is always the best way.
Team work with lab partners is essential to meet the production goals.
Team working froms an important feature of the programme.
Team working ideas use the sporting metaphor.
Team working is about fitting together the right people.
Team working is encouraged.
Team working is essential for discharge planning.
Team working is strongly encouraged.
Team working is the key to our continued success.
Team working, interpersonal skills and vacation work can be as important as class of degree.
Team works hard to campaign for the highest student government office.
Team works on product, process, and team building.
Team works toward the achievement of a number of significant milestones.
Team works with certain students, their parents, teachers, and administrators.
Team write a story with each person taking a different point of view.
Teams accomplish environmental and construction projects statewide.
Teams accomplish more than individuals by themselves.
Teams achieve quality customer service when they are clear about their goals and objectives.
Teams achieve victories.
Teams adapt quickly to constant change.
Teams add a new dimension to the management process.
Teams additionally recruit volunteers, conduct training, and develop sanction options.
Teams adjust pacing and experimentation to fit personal needs, preferences and curiosity.
Teams adopt a coach's personality.
Teams adopt approaches.
Teams adopt differentiation strategies.
Teams adopt strategies.
Teams advance their ranking at their own rate.
Teams advancing to the finals get to keep the flag if they can hang it.
Teams agree upon a specific design and make up a unique name for their sail car.
Teams agree upon a specific design, list materials needs, and name their machine.
Teams aim to quickly pass, roll, dribble and carry the ball towards the opponent s goal line.
Teams aim to quickly pass, roll, dribble and carry the ball towards the opponent's goal line.
Teams aim to shoot for one or more goals, using hands or no hands, depending on the rules.
Teams allow every child to known well by adults.
Teams allow students to form groups to conduct project activities and discussions.
Teams allow their opponents to come out of their end with the puck virtually untouched.
Teams already exist in many local school areas.
Teams also allow teachers to better know a student's individual abilities and track record.
Teams also arrange corporate events to entertain clients.
Teams also benefit by licensing use of their logos.
Teams also build commitment among the various departments.
Teams also can always use defensive backs whenever a good one is available.
Teams also compete in the design, display and presentations of their rockets.
Teams also conduct and receive regular and periodic peer reviews.
Teams also discuss how to best meet behavioral and academic needs of each student on the team.
Teams also discuss how to minimize or avoid similar problems in the future.
Teams also earn bonus points for performing different routines.
Teams also earn points by participating in team competitions called family group initiatives.
Teams also earn prize money both for their qualifying positions and final finishes.
Teams also enlist their own prayer support.
Teams also has a wide range of patching techniques.
Teams also have suppliers.
Teams also have the opportunity to join in ministry outreaches throughout the community.
Teams also have the opportunity to play on both regional and national levels.
Teams also have to cover kicks and punts.
Teams also have to learn how to win.
Teams also have to make sure the questions are accurate, well written, and stuff.
Teams also help players acquire day jobs and can provide housing for two players.
Teams also love things that speed up some processes.
Teams also minister in area jails and prisons.
Teams also minister to their class members.
Teams also participate in local and one out of town tournament.
Teams also plan social events, field trips, and other college-sponsored outings.
Teams also play competitive camogie at junior and minor level.
Teams also play on area church and school fields.
Teams also provide a broader base of talents and skills.
Teams also provide a much faster alarm mechanism for interventions.
Teams also provide adaptations in assessment depending on the needs and strengths of the students.
Teams also provide more permanent improvements in processes and operations.
Teams also provide rewards for positive behaviors and academic effort.
Teams also provide the opportunity to be more efficient in their work.
Teams also provide tutors and special counseling sessions to fulfill specific needs of players.
Teams also qualify by outstanding regional performances and by sending in video tapes.
Teams also serve in disaster relief and fight forest fires.
Teams also specialize in sports and entertainment figures.
Teams also specify the number and layout of cabinets, closets, workbenches and toolboxes.
Teams also tend to police themselves.
Teams also use color codes and hand or foot signals to alert receivers to change their patterns.
Teams also vary in their level of formality.
Teams also win the city and South Florida Conference tennis championships.
Teams alternate between defence and attack with the objective to storm the enemy base.
Teams alternate possessions on tied balls.
Teams alternate serving after each game.
Teams alternate sides from debate to debate.
Teams alternate starting in the inside lane.
Teams alternate throwing the ball.
Teams alternate throws, with the skip having the final shot for each team.
Teams alternate turns in the field and at bat, the home team batting last.
Teams alternate turns until one guesses correctly.
Teams analyze and share economic developments in particular countries.
Teams analyze team dynamics through weekly team meetings and progress reports.
Teams announce and arrange visits to accommodate the centers'work schedules.
Teams appear and disappear with players informed only after the fact.
Teams appear in custom, pro-style uniforms, which match pants and helmet.
Teams appear to operate in predominately one of the following three models.
Teams apply a systematic design process to real multidisciplinary problems.
Teams apply each tool to a self-selected problem.
Teams appoint members.
Teams appreciate the information more and seem to retain it.
Teams are a basic building block in every successful quality effort.
Teams are a fad.
Teams are a great way to delegate and share responsibility.
Teams are a group of people who have the same basic teachers.
Teams are a lot like puzzles.
Teams are a part of every organization.
Teams are a social structure.
Teams are a special type of group.
Teams are a technology.
Teams are a way of life today.
Teams are able to attack more efficiently from an organized shape.
Teams are able to check out the other machines and take pictures.
Teams are able to use computer and library resources in formulating their solution.
Teams are able to work together anytime and anywhere today it is only going to become easier.
Teams are about three feet apart.
Teams are accepted on a first come, first serve basis.
Teams are afraid of wasting a scoring opportunity.
Teams are almost always in a chase mode against Denver.
Teams are also welcome to bring their own laptops to use.
Teams are always busy and thrashing, from one race to the next, no matter what.
Teams are always interested in talented graduate engineers and take many on for work experience.
Teams are an accepted business approach to achieving goals.
Teams are an effective means of reaching goal WITH knowledge and direction.
Teams are an essential part of TQM and modern organizations.
Teams are an important component in the process of acquiring and keeping networked resources.
Teams are an important element of organizational design.
Teams are an increasingly important organizational form.
Teams are an opportunity for support, friends, competitions, memories, and fun.
Teams are an organizational structure that is non-hierarchical.
Teams are animal groups.
Teams are another method by which to get involved.
Teams are anxious about losing their first game.
Teams are anxious to do their best and defeat their opponents.
Teams are as bad as a hierarchy when it comes to hoarding knowledge.
Teams are as diverse as the communities in which they reside.
Teams are authentic.
Teams are available in volleyball, bowling, basketball and softball.
Teams are available on a first come first serve basis.
Teams are awarded competition points for a win, but can also earn 'bonus' points.
Teams are aware of it.
Teams are back in their huddles following the introduction of the starting lineups.
Teams are better when they have two guys that can play.
Teams are big.
Teams are by draw.
Teams are co-ed and can have mixed grades.
Teams are co-ed and everyone regardless of experience level are encouraged to participate.
Teams are co-ed, and the emphasis is on participation first and competition second.
Teams are coed.
Teams are co-ed.
Teams are collections of individuals with different needs, backgrounds, and abilities.
Teams are collectively responsible for the assignment.
Teams are committed to communication and collaboration as well as constructive conflict.
Teams are computer matched in competition divisions by age, height and playing experience.
Teams are consistently within the top of their respective leagues.
Teams are critical to organisational learning and unlearning.
Teams are different.
Teams are draft ed .
Teams are easy to join.
Teams are eligible for door prizes and top score prizes every hour of competition.
Teams are eligible to win multiple prizes.
Teams are eligible to win quarterly prizes.
Teams are eliglble for awards and scholarships.
Teams are encouraged to come up with a theme, then decorate their campsites.
Teams are entirely responsible for checking-in at the checkpoint.
Teams are essential in today's flexible organizations.
Teams are essential to produce the complex lines which are our speciality.
Teams are for any age group and skill level.
Teams are for everyone, regardless of age.
Teams are formal manifestations of groups.
Teams are formalized groups.
Teams are formed the day of the tourney, there is no pre registration.
Teams are four students each week.
Teams are free to accept or reject any feedback or direction given by the mentor.
Teams are free to bring their own personal paddles for use during the event.
Teams are free to formulate their own projects.
Teams are free to implement the string class in any manner they wish.
Teams are free to seek sponsors or charge players for fees, uniforms, and other expenses.
Teams are from all over the world.
Teams are from the southern Willamette Valley and South Coast.
Teams are girls only or boys only.
Teams are given up to four clues.
Teams are groups of people.
Teams are groups of staff members organized for a certain purpose.
Teams are groups.
Teams are here from as far away as Maryland and Hawaii.
Teams are highly specialized, highly experienced multidisciplinary professionals.
Teams are important because many decisions affect multiple areas of the company.
Teams are in direct competition in the simulated world.
Teams are in essence the democratization of the hierarchical business world.
Teams are in for practices.
Teams are in place to oversee construction and inspection.
Teams are in predicted order of finish.
Teams are in scoring position from almost anywhere on the short field.
Teams are in the process of being organized for short and long range recovery.
Teams are increasingly the preferred way in which work is organized and executed in firms.
Teams are inefficient decision makers.
Teams are initially two students.
Teams are like broads.
Teams are limited to four players.
Teams are limited to fourteen active players.
Teams are limited to Iowa residents and students who attend Iowa colleges.
Teams are limited to the area of one box.
Teams are limited to three players on reserve at any given time.
Teams are limited to two people.
Teams are males or females.
Teams are mixed, and generally very social.
Teams are mobile, maintain phone lines and screen for hospital admissions.
Teams are more competitive and players are more aggressive.
Teams are more dedicated to blending varying talents in trying to achieve their goals.
Teams are more flexible .
Teams are more focused on a collective effort.
Teams are more informed.
Teams are more intentionally results oriented.
Teams are more likely to gear for that race, held in early summer.
Teams are more powerful than individuals in solving problems.
Teams are more than a group.
Teams are much trickier to establish and operate than first meets the eye.
Teams are multidisciplinary and faculty advisors can be from any department.
Teams are necessary for institutional change.
Teams are no longer 'exclusive' factory teams, but some teams to receive more help than others.
Teams are no longer willing to chance mistakes and gamble on questionable characters.
Teams are notoriously secretive about their car set-ups.
Teams are now an integral part of bungie.net.
Teams are obvious, but there are other less obvious groupings.
Teams are on the clock until they are ready to enter the water.
Teams are on-call to accommodate emergencies and specialty procedures such as transplants.
Teams are open for participation on a voluntary basis to all interested campers.
Teams are open to boys and girls as well as for adults.
Teams are our leading fundraisers.
Teams are out to make money, which means that the coaches are paid to win.
Teams are pervasive within health services organizations.
Teams are primary building blocks of today's high performance organization.
Teams are ready to begin working on their long term problems.
Teams are really good, or they really suck.
Teams are really just a formal way to actualize collaboration .
Teams are reflective of the racial, ethnic, and gender diversity of the college and the region.
Teams are relatively independent at identifying problems in their areas and devising solutions.
Teams are reluctant to run a full drop or zone defense because of the two-pointer.
Teams are responsbile to put numbers on their jerseys at their own cost.
Teams are responsible for a particular part of the fab such as production, equipment or processes.
Teams are responsible for all costs associated with search and rescue.
Teams are responsible for all costs related to participation in tournaments.
Teams are responsible for arranging their own accommodation.
Teams are responsible for course design, delivery and assessment.
Teams are responsible for dividing the work fairly and evenly among the members.
Teams are responsible for finding out their game times prior to the first night of play.
Teams are responsible for finding their own cameraperson.
Teams are responsible for finding their own projects in the areas in which they wish to work.
Teams are responsible for interfacing with the candidates.
Teams are responsible for invoicing agents, reconciling monthly statements and managing receivables.
Teams are responsible for kayak transportation.
Teams are responsible for keeping score.
Teams are responsible for keeping their players and spectators under control.
Teams are responsible for keeping their spectators under control.
Teams are responsible for making their own arrangements for retrieving personal equipment.
Teams are responsible for making their own arrangements.
Teams are responsible for making their own tee times.
Teams are responsible for obtaining their own sponsors for uniforms.
Teams are responsible for obtaining tickets for the game.
Teams are responsible for problem analysis, research, and solutions.
Teams are responsible for providing their own towels and are responsible for all valuables.
Teams are responsible for providing their own towels, and are responsible for all valuables.
Teams are responsible for providing their own transportation to and from the final competition.
Teams are responsible for reading, reacting to, and evaluating other teams written work.
Teams are responsible for resolving any internal conflicts in order to attain the common goal.
Teams are responsible for responsible for story ideas.
Teams are responsible for securing a sponsor and providing a matching T-shirts for uniforms.
Teams are responsible for storing their own weapons.
Teams are responsible for teaching a specific number of students in the core subjects.
Teams are responsible for the actions of their spectators.
Teams are responsible for the behavior of their fans and players.
Teams are responsible for the conduct of each player and their spectators.
Teams are responsible for the costs of any construction overruns.
Teams are responsible for the costs related to their solution and to attending events.
Teams are responsible for the equipment setup and breakdown.
Teams are responsible for the quality of all the plant's work.
Teams are responsible for the removal of any props brought into the arena.
Teams are responsible for the set up and take down of nets and equipment.
Teams are responsible for their air fare and hotel costs.
Teams are responsible for their fans.
Teams are responsible for their league and playoff schedules.
Teams are responsible for their own air and land transportation.
Teams are responsible for their own and their spectators' behavior.
Teams are responsible for their own cart and hitching systems.
Teams are responsible for their own recruiting, uniforms, and management.
Teams are responsible for their own room, tax and incidental charges.
Teams are responsible for their own warm-up balls.
Teams are responsible for transporting their canoes, equipment and themselves home after the event.
Teams are responsible for understanding and cooperating with the rules of their motel.
Teams are responsible fordividing up the work and organizing their own activities.
Teams are responsible to contact one another to arrange schedule and verify match.
Teams are responsible to take injuries and bye weeks into account.
Teams are results-oriented and emphasis is on leadership.
Teams are scarce and the timber has to be brought from a distance.
Teams are school-sponored, and registration forms can be found at our office.
Teams are self-managed, and each is connected at many points to an array of others.
Teams are self-organized.
Teams are small, so everybody on the team can play during the game.
Teams are so secretive now.
Teams are so small in basketball that one guy can make all the difference.
Teams are solely responsible for providing all supplies and equipment.
Teams are solely responsible for selecting their featured charities.
Teams are subject to realignment to create equal classes.
Teams are subsets of the registered users.
Teams are supplied with two different types of wet weather tyres.
Teams are teams.
Teams are television shows.
Teams are tentative and nervous.
Teams are the authority.
Teams are the basis empowerment and problem solving.
Teams are the best way to integrate across structural boundaries.
Teams are the mechanism through which continuous im- provements are made.
Teams are the most common vehicle through which self-leadership is expressed.
Teams are the most effective way to improve business systems and use employees' talents.
Teams are the Norm.
Teams are tight, autonomous units.
Teams are time trialed for finding the hidden city.
Teams are to be composed of players who are registered students of the supporting school.
Teams are to be divided into groups of five.
Teams are to be off the court during the full time-out unless both teams are ready.
Teams are to bring beverages.
Teams are to bring scissors and rulers for chamber construction.
Teams are to bring their block to the conference for placement in the wall.
Teams are to bring their own shuttles for warm-ups.
Teams are to change ends before the start of the first period of extra time.
Teams are to create web pages describing what they did and how it worked.
Teams are to develop a solution to the problem without the aid of an additional adult.
Teams are to gather information from online and off line resources for their particular groups.
Teams are to involve from the church body in the ministries for which they are responsible.
Teams are to make recommendations by next summer.
Teams are to prepare a detailed outline for the team term paper.
Teams are to provide support and engage others in problem solving.
Teams are to use their creativity.
Teams are trickier.
Teams are two to four adults.
Teams are typically six to eight persons in size.
Teams are under no obligation to provide meal money to team members.
Teams are unique blends of people and energy.
Teams are units.
Teams are usually aware of their goal and style before they develop a game plan.
Teams are usually three to six people and are formed early in the program.
Teams are usually three to six people.
Teams are vastly uneven, with a couple of teams enjoying the services of the finest players.
Teams are very careful about showing their hands.
Teams are very important, whether it is a sports team or a speech and debate team.
Teams are very much in vogue.
Teams are welcome from anywhere in the state of Arizona.
Teams are welcome to attend and practice as a unit.
Teams are welcome to enter more then one submission.
Teams are welcome to substitute their goalie with one of their out skaters.
Teams are welcome.
Teams are well-suited for rapid development, especially when they are adequately manned.
Teams are yet to be determined.
Teams are, in part, a response to the complexity of issues in the modern business world.
Teams argue cases .
Teams argue cases.
Teams argue their proposition using reasoning and evidence.
Teams arre divided according to age and grade level.
Teams arrive at a project site with prepackaged medical kits so they can begin working immediately.
Teams assess engineering ethics, group dynamics and time management with respect to decision making.
Teams assists one another in reading the directions.
Teams assume responsibility.
Teams assume the record of the losing team.
Teams attain a spot in the national tournament by winning local, regional and state events.
Teams attempt to complete a medley of mental and physical challenges.
Teams attempt to meet weekly to discuss individual students and curriculum plans.
Teams attempt to score through a combination of passing and shooting the puck with their sticks.
Teams attempting to solve the same problem then compete against one another at a regional level.
Teams attend a workshop to learn about the latest in pedagogy, standards, and technology.
Teams attend only one workshop, generally the one closest to their location.
Teams attend together one day per month, and undertake other work between meetings.
Teams author operations manuals and detailed technical manuals.
Teams automatically move up after winning their division.
Teams become part of the learning process of professionals in schools.
Teams become so familiar with each other, they can call each other's plays.
Teams begin approaches.
Teams begin by pulling their weight.
Teams begin defining their projects during the preceding year.
Teams begin preparing in the fall for the competition.
Teams begin to draft a local plan for their district.
Teams begin to gather information via the Internet, or books provided.
Teams begin work on their own to develop a case response.
Teams belong to a variety of leagues each of which is subdivided into divisions.
Teams benefit from combined experience.
Teams benefit from receiving written feedback from qualified judges.
Teams blossom across Canada.
Teams boogie to their own rhythm .
Teams brainstorm about possible service-learning projects, and sketch possible plans of action.
Teams brainstorm about what is involved in revision in order to define the steps involved.
Teams brainstorm ideas for a solution.
Teams break barriers to peak performance and enhance problem-solving skills.
Teams break for lunch together.
Teams bring diverse talents, experience, knowledge, and skills to the problem situation.
Teams bringing six or more people from the same company can participate.
Teams build a tri-color delivery system out of pipes and tubes on a eight foot protective mat.
Teams build better, more productive work forces in the long run.
Teams build commitment and support for new ideas among staff and community members.
Teams build employee commitment by forging partnerships with and through the organization.
Teams build stadiums.
Teams bunt, steal, hit and run and suicide squeeze.
Teams call in with answers until the song ends.
Teams call own games.
Teams call time out when they are confused on what play to run or if they have trouble with a play.
Teams campout overnight, taking turns around the track, and participate in fun activities.
Teams can accumulate points at events to qualify for nationals.
Teams can achieve and even surpass their goals when they stop to consider new possibilities.
Teams can achieve anything.
Teams can achieve target only when the leader sets it right and plans it perfectly.
Teams can actually test, within the rules of the series.
Teams can add additional players to their roster at the game site during regular season.
Teams can add names to their roster up until the second game of a league competition.
Teams can add to their roster only through their respective sport s regular season.
Teams can also apply.
Teams can also DIE in the game.
Teams can also do either race.
Teams can also have newsgroup discussions and be notified when content on the site changes.
Teams can also have their own color-assigned hook.
Teams can also hold newsgroup discussions.
Teams can also leverage a variety of other development tools to speed product development time.
Teams can also register online through the Business Plan Competition section of the Gigot web site.
Teams can also request special times for scheduling.
Teams can also score by kicking a field goal, worth three points.
Teams can also teach classroom songs, read favorite stories, or create goods to sell to parents.
Teams can also trade players to another team.
Teams can alter the composition of their rosters significantly in one season.
Teams can always mark themselves as unready if they want to alter their draft lists.
Teams can and do fail.
Teams can ask for medical help at any time.
Teams can assist in directing and facilitating local improvement efforts.
Teams can be a very efficient way to get work done.
Teams can be all different sizes and made up of all different kinds of people.
Teams can be any number of bowlers, and like real leagues can be scratch or handicap.
Teams can be any size above one.
Teams can be any size up to a maximum of twenty entrants.
Teams can be any size, formal or informal, a work unit or other group.
Teams can be as large as an entire division or as small as a handful of employees.
Teams can be creative without conflict.
Teams can be either local or all star format.
Teams can be interdisciplinary or go across grade levels.
Teams can be male, female or coed.
Teams can be male, female or mixed.
Teams can be males, females or co- recreation.
Teams can be males, females or co-recreation.
Teams can be more efficient than individuals working separately.
Teams can be of any size.
Teams can be purely technical or cross functional.
Teams can be single sex or coed.
Teams can be stand-alone, or part of a volleyball club.
Teams can be the right medicine, but only if used as directed.
Teams can be up to four people.
Teams can be up to six members.
Teams can be wonderfully self-policing, and being a teammate is just another form of leadership.
Teams can become entangled in the swirling hype and lose focus.
Teams can benefit from insight of others in evaluating master plans.
Teams can both help and hurt the creative process.
Teams can buttress the pocket by having a running back block a defender.
Teams can camp out in tents and enjoy the festive atmosphere created by music, food and games.
Teams can carry up to eight members.
Teams can change directions at any time, though.
Teams can change for different homeworks.
Teams can change pitchers during a game.
Teams can choose to be residents or commuters.
Teams can choose to pitch or use soft-toss, but there is only one bonus ball per batter.
Teams can collaborate on specific tasks while work continues to more forward.
Teams can combine to answer the discussion questions.
Teams can come in to help.
Teams can communicate freely.
Teams can compete at many tournaments held throughout the year both in Britain and abroad.
Teams can compete for scholarships, savings bonds, and computing equipment for their schools.
Teams can compete in competitive or recreational leagues.
Teams can compete in various classes ranging from one person exhibitions to platoon drill.
Teams can compete in various classes ranging from one-person exhibitions to platoon drill.
Teams can consist of an individual or two or more people.
Teams can consist of any number of people, but usually contain about a dozen participants.
Teams can consist of any number of students from one school.
Teams can consist of co-workers, spouses, children, friends and others.
Teams can consist of faculty, staff, or students.
Teams can consist of four to six players.
Teams can consist of members from within a single institution or members from several institutions.
Teams can consist of men and women.
Teams can consist of no more than four individuals.
Teams can constantly learn, self-correct, and respond to opportunities.
Teams can contact other members for help at any time using special walkie-talkies.
Teams can contact the webmaster for templates and details.
Teams can contain a mix of newer staff and more senior members.
Teams can cook in one, two, or all three categories.
Teams can coordinate care across different sites .
Teams can critique writing clarity by reading aloud to each other.
Teams can cross into purchasing, engineering, operations, and other departments.
Teams can decide how to use or modify the tool to best meet local needs and resources.
Teams can decide if they wish to focus on a specific site to illustrate their ideas.
Teams can decide whether to have one or more than one speaker.
Teams can delete players from the roster at any time.
Teams can dispense much more information than two individuals going head to head.
Teams can divide responsibilities any way they wish.
Teams can do an oral report using transparencies or posters.
Teams can dramatically improve performance at all levels even at the top.
Teams can dramatically improve performance at all levels-even at the top.
Teams can each analyze one enzyme.
Teams can each take two or three turns running the gauntlet.
Teams can earn additional points by the number of tickets they sell.
Teams can effectively conserve resources and ensure the best possible deliverables for customers.
Teams can enact an effective decision process and demonstrate power sharing within the group.
Teams can enter a lottery to have a celebrity player as part of their group.
Teams can enter at registration.
Teams can enter six gymnasts per event, but only the top four count in the scoring.
Teams can enter two singles players and two doubles teams in the individual region tournament.
Teams can even choose what language they want to use.
Teams can exercise decision-making authority on matters within their purview.
Teams can feed off crowds.
Teams can field a team with any players they choose, as long as the other league rules are obeyed.
Teams can fill quickly.
Teams can fill the gap left by the downsizing of middle managers.
Teams can find big, fast pass catchers well into the second day.
Teams can find out what other institutions are doing.
Teams can flash the cards and request a complete sentence.
Teams can gain considerable strength by including a student from another discipline.
Teams can generally stop it by bringing the extra guy up, or by general emotion.
Teams can get ahead during the summer.
Teams can get into all sorts of dysfunctional situations.
Teams can handle it either way.
Teams can have a maximum of three substitutes.
Teams can have a maximum of two substitutes.
Teams can have any number of players, and every player bats every inning.
Teams can have four members, including an alternate.
Teams can have home diamonds with schedules generated based on diamond availability.
Teams can have their own focus, but they have to fit in the big picture.
Teams can have up to five players on the practice squad.
Teams can have up to four riders and the lowest three scores count towards the team score.
Teams can have up to threepeople.
Teams can hire and fire members.
Teams can hold live Web and phone conferences to view and mark up project drawings.
Teams can identify special areas of concentration and develop an overall QuEST schedule.
Teams can include a variety of disciplines and expertise.
Teams can include two or three members.
Teams can include up to three students and three teachers.
Teams can learn much faster as well.
Teams can literally design anything they want on their suits.
Teams can live with mediocre hitting if the pitching and defense are respectable.
Teams can lodge and cook at the camp facility.
Teams can lose their spirit and sometimes fall.
Teams can make a huge improvement from one season to another with a few shrewd free agency signings.
Teams can make or break a new artist without requiring a producer or label spending a lot of cash.
Teams can make presentations to the class and duplicate mathematical problems for others to solve.
Teams can move up and down quickly.
Teams can move up or down.
Teams can negotiate with their own players at any time.
Teams can now add their favorite links to the Links Page for easy access to other web sites.
Teams can now check their Registration Status online.
Teams can only change their decision about their extra point by taking a time out.
Teams can only submit one solution.
Teams can only use a finish from one of the two ELMS races.
Teams can participate in as many tournaments as they wish.
Teams can pass to sideline players or try and hit targets on their own.
Teams can pay as individual players or as a team.
Teams can perform any lifts, throws and configurations they want in the five-minute free.
Teams can pick up ONE player PER round.
Teams can pick up players if they are short prior to the beginning of the game.
Teams can play against other teams.
Teams can play as few as one game or as many as four.
Teams can play at bat or in the field.
Teams can play inter-divisional practice games if further bye reduction is desired.
Teams can post jobs as they become available.
Teams can present the information from their handbook to the entire class.
Teams can provide housing for players.
Teams can provide information to the supervisors on what if anything needs to be done.
Teams can put enough people on the line of scrimmage to stop the running game.
Teams can put rookies into their system and determine very quickly if they fit.
Teams can reach consensus using formal and informal methods.
Teams can really get the project off the ground and increase staff buy-in.
Teams can receive a lifetime disqualification for breaking race rules on environmental impact.
Teams can reflect on, and improve, processes to suit the teams way of working.
Teams can register online or at the event.
Teams can regroup.
Teams can report their conclusions in general discussion, a question related to the team activities.
Teams can represent businesses, schools, or just groups of friends.
Teams can represent schools, religious organizations, businesses, families or friends.
Teams can request a bye, or request no bye, according to how early they arrive ready to play.
Teams can request opponents but there are no guarantees.
Teams can reserve the field for various sports.
Teams can rise up to a personal challenge.
Teams can rotate their squad to accommodate players being unavailable from week to week.
Teams can score from any side of the garbage can.
Teams can score via touchdown, two-point conversion, extra point and field goal.
Teams can scramble the radio signals fans now pick up on the scanners they bring to the track.
Teams can search for available goalies by location and skill level.
Teams can see other ideas, other approaches, and other writing techniques.
Teams can set up in the trap in both the defensive end and the neutral zone.
Teams can share cal-endars and schedule time commitments.
Teams can share documents, compare schedules, or conduct threaded discussions.
Teams can share files and web links.
Teams can share private notice boards.
Teams can share radios if they're scarce.
Teams can sign the players they want.
Teams can sign up for tournaments by using the hotline.
Teams can sign up the morning of the event.
Teams can spend a few days debriefing in Hawaii.
Teams can spring surprises, like a different trap on defense.
Teams can stay overnight in one of our gyms.
Teams can stay together during practice and play if requested.
Teams can still sign up.
Teams can suggest strategies in writing, but can t just tell the player what to do.
Teams can take advantage of recognized synergies among team members.
Teams can take part in various space missions including one to Mars.
Teams can then determine the relative expenses and profit of any area of the bank.
Teams can then present their sides in class, generating discussion, debate, and learning.
Teams can therefore score points on defence.
Teams can trade draft picks.
Teams can trade up for draft picks, or purchase draft picks from other teams.
Teams can trade up or trade down and all that.
Teams can try field goals to get three points.
Teams can try to build on their scores no more than five times through the end of the tournament.
Teams can use a simple intranet as a more effective tool for storing shared files and data.
Teams can use group reports for teambuilding, improving team interactions and results.
Teams can use the Internet as their primary source of information.
Teams can use the web template page and substitute for the text and dummy images.
Teams can use weather sites to select cities from all over the world.
Teams can usually make their management decisions in less than two hours.
Teams can vary in size each week.
Teams can vary in their purpose or goal.
Teams can verify each others' models.
Teams can view their lineups and start entering transactions on our website instantly.
Teams can win football games with only a passing game.
Teams can win on the road.
Teams can work on coordinated projects, or do the same project independently.
Teams can work together more effectively.
Teams can work together without being together.
Teams can work with their sponsor on additional travel expenses.
Teams carry out their investigations and record observations in their journals.
Teams carry out vaccination programs, dental care, minor operations, and medical screening.
Teams carry out vaccinations, offer preventive and curative care and train local medical workers.
Teams carry over each season.
Teams carry their own supplies and sleep just an hour per day.
Teams center around shared experiences and interdependence among members.
Teams challenges fallacious or unfounded arguments of other teams.
Teams change baskets for the second half.
Teams change cities.
Teams change courts after every two games.
Teams change defensive ends every period and at overtime.
Teams change end with every quarter.
Teams change ends at every quarter and at every overtime period.
Teams change ends between quarters.
Teams change ends each quarter.
Teams change ends following each goal.
Teams change ends of the court at the start of the second period.
Teams change every eight minutes.
Teams change goals after each quarter.
Teams change goals at half-time.
Teams change kickers all the time, usually for good reason.
Teams change over at Medina.
Teams change possession after made baskets except in a free throw situation.
Teams change rosters, coaches, lose momentum.
Teams change sides after every five points because weather can be a factor.
Teams change sides between periods.
Teams change sides of the court after odd games.
Teams change table side after each game.
Teams check their logs and fill in with the missing facts.
Teams choos subtopics, collect, synthesize and presnt info as poster to the class.
Teams choose an event as the focus of their summer work.
Teams choose and organise their own projects , under the guidance of a team leader.
Teams choose game night.
Teams choose one of several long-term problems to solve over a matter of months.
Teams choose the day of the week, location and level.
Teams choose their own designs and they are produced.
Teams choose their own routes.
Teams choose to participate do so at their own risk.
Teams choose to participate play at their own risk.
Teams clap after each person is named.
Teams Click on each schools logo for team introductions and rosters.
Teams Click on the links below to go to each team's page.
Teams Click the team name for a schedule of games.
Teams climb a snow-covered mountain slope to start the race.
Teams climb, swing, balance, jump and reason to solve a variety of challenges.
Teams collaborate and turn in their written answers for scoring.
Teams collaborate to develop a clas web page.
Teams collect and analyze data.
Teams collect and analyze information, develop plans, publish reports, make presentations.
Teams collect data through interviews of executives and published data sources.
Teams collect data, log data in journals, and input into the computer database.
Teams collect donations and can win prizes for their efforts.
Teams combine individual research to prepare positions for their team.
Teams come and go.
Teams come annually for a one year stay and offer a daily newscast in the Chinese language.
Teams come back.
Teams come from a wide region to get in on the action.
Teams come from all over the west coast.
Teams come from as far away as Canada to enjoy a game in our city.
Teams come from business, civic, church and youth organizations.
Teams come from farther and farther away to compete in it.
Teams come from Maryland, Ohio and Virginia to participate in our team camp.
Teams come from schools all over Alaska to play, and people come from all over to watch.
Teams come from various places in the community.
Teams come in and expect to win.
Teams come in here expecting to win.
Teams come in many forms.
Teams come into and leave the checkpoint continually until the last team departs.
Teams come out of spring training full of optimism.
Teams come together at national meetings to critique modules.
Teams come up with alternative solutions.
Teams come up with innovative ways to accomplish that task.
Teams coming in here understand that.
Teams commit to a three-year leadership program.
Teams communicate and share resources through the list serve.
Teams communicate on a daily basis and at weekly team conferences.
Teams communicate regularly and effectively.
Teams communicate to gain a clear understanding of goals and expectations.
Teams communicate via formal documentation prepared and reviewed over the Internet.
Teams communicate with each other in terms of the interface specifications to the major components.
Teams compare assessments and decide on their team's strengths, weaknesses.
Teams compare results to check for accuracy.
Teams compete against each other in a mock client negotiation scenario.
Teams compete against each other in challenges for prizes.
Teams compete against each other in regular tournament elimination procedure.
Teams compete against each other on a handicap basis similar to a bowling league.
Teams compete against each other to raise the most money and travel the most miles around the track.
Teams compete against each other vying for the cash purse.
Teams compete against each other, racing to get all of the newspaper rolls into the bin first.
Teams compete against each other, with three students to a team.
Teams compete against other local teams and are available on elementary and middle school levels.
Teams compete against other military and civilian teams within the Washington metropolitan area.
Teams compete against other teams from the Tidewater area.
Teams compete against their own school and teams from other schools.
Teams compete all over Europe to compile points for their international standing.
Teams compete at Area competitions where the top two teams qualify for zone competitions.
Teams compete at five levels according to age and skill.
Teams compete at regional level to try and win their leagues to compete for the national title.
Teams compete at the level with winners advancing to the state championship.
Teams compete at the school, district and state levels of competition.
Teams compete by entering steel bridges in regional events.
Teams compete for beer rather than money.
Teams compete for fabulous prizes.
Teams compete for medals and slots in county, state and nation finals.
Teams compete for prizes at the end of the season.
Teams compete for prizes in three divisions.
Teams compete for the best catch of barracuda, dorado, marlin and wahoo.
Teams compete for the best stock price at the end of the program.
Teams compete for the grand prize of a river rafting trip for the team.
Teams compete for the Marshall Cup, and the honor of representing their business program.
Teams compete for top curling and fundraising prizes.
Teams compete for trophies for fastest time , best uniforms , and most spirit .
Teams compete free of charge, due to generous support from local companies and organizations.
Teams compete head to head and are scored on the number of tasks performed.
Teams compete in an all-wood bat league.
Teams compete in an outdoor setting where they learn that cooperation is needed to achieve success.
Teams compete in basketball, baseball, hockey, tennis, ultimate, and volleyball.
Teams compete in basketball, floor hockey, indoor soccer, tennis, and volleyball.
Teams compete in both dual matches and a scholastic-style double elimination tournament.
Teams compete in both open and masters divisions.
Teams compete in challenges based on a selection of books they can read throughout the year.
Teams compete in divisions of up to twenty-five members.
Teams compete in either of two components.
Teams compete in five regular season games over a three week period.
Teams compete in four flight events and five ground events at both the regional and national events.
Teams compete in friendly matches combining speed and knowledge to answer questions.
Teams compete in in-town, structured league.
Teams compete in league games and tournaments with other colleges, universities, and local clubs.
Teams compete in matches by answering questions for points.
Teams compete in men's basketball, women's basketball, coed volleyball and coed softball.
Teams compete in pool play to determine seeding for the crossover matches.
Teams compete in relays and synchronized swimming events for prizes.
Teams compete in road, track, and mountain races.
Teams compete in spoof of television program.
Teams compete in the academic areas of English, social studies, mathematics, and science.
Teams compete in the Festival of Chemistry competition in alternate years.
Teams compete in the ten-event scholastic competition at the local, state, and national levels.
Teams compete in their knowledge of wildlife, aquatics, soils, and forestry.
Teams compete in various contests for prizes.
Teams compete in weekly challenges to spread the word about the show.
Teams compete locally and nationally.
Teams compete locally, nationally and internationally in such competitions.
Teams compete on a regional level and the winner advances to the national competition.
Teams compete on the basis of equal opportunity.
Teams compete on the water in five races combining both speed and maneuverability.
Teams compete on their own campuses.
Teams compete only against outside competitors.
Teams compete to finish the course with the best time.
Teams compete to receive points.
Teams compete to win awards for the most money raised, largest team, etc.
Teams compete weekly for ten to twenty weeks.
Teams compete weekly within their division until the top teams play for the championship.
Teams compete with each other for several hours to complete the given task.
Teams compete with each other in giving oral answers to questions posed by a contest moderator.
Teams compete with each other.
Teams compete with limited paint pellets to capture the opposing team s flag.
Teams compete with local hearing schools as well as other schools for deaf students.
Teams compete with many private and local public schools throughout all seasons.
Teams compete with one another to see who can answer questions about the rules correctly.
Teams compete with other Long Beach Middle Schools.
Teams compete with other middle school teams.
Teams compete with other teams for the chance to win plaques and other awards.
Teams compete with the rep.
Teams compete with themes, props and costumes for a showmanship prize.
Teams compete within divisions.
Teams compete within the school.
Teams competing in the team jumper competition get ready to hear the results of the class.
Teams competing include USA, Netherlands, Australia, Great Britain, Germany, Japan and Mexico.
Teams complete a variety of resource management projects in cooperation with program partners.
Teams complete activities.
Teams complete follow procedures.
Teams complete locally, at the state level and nationally.
Teams complete procedures.
Teams complete tasks.
Teams complete two practice problems and one qualifying throughout the school year.
Teams compose of experts.
Teams comprise of ten players, with a maximum of five on court at any one time.
Teams comprising some of the best teenage hockey talent in the United States compete.
Teams conduct a formal examination of program outcomes, accounting and management practices.
Teams conduct activities.
Teams conduct an unannounced, systematic, on-site review ranging from one to several days.
Teams conduct analyses.
Teams conduct considerable research, largely via Internet, as teams challenge each other's findings.
Teams conduct experiments.
Teams conduct further meetings.
Teams conduct pellet group count, then return to classroom.
Teams conduct quarterly safety brainstorming.
Teams conduct scale experiments.
Teams consciously utilize spiritual gifts.
Teams consist of a caption writer, a copywriter, a designer and a photographer.
Teams consist of a female and a male or two females.
Teams consist of a member from the fourth, fifth and sixth grades.
Teams consist of a minimum of two or a maximum of three students.
Teams consist of a number of participants, usually four to five members.
Teams consist of a nurse and a paramedic or respiratory therapist.
Teams consist of a physician, social worker, school staff and family.
Teams consist of a teacher from each content area.
Teams consist of at least one network engineer and several network technicians.
Teams consist of drivers, test drivers, a team principal, mechanics, engineers, and designers.
Teams consist of economists, accountants, sociologists, statisticians, rating experts and lawyers.
Teams consist of eight athletes.
Teams consist of eight players and two alternates.
Teams consist of eight players, decide on a cool sand soccer team name, and register.
Teams consist of fellow academicians and sometimes business practitioners.
Teams consist of five members from the same high school.
Teams consist of five players and each area has four teams.
Teams consist of five players, plus substitutes.
Teams consist of five players.
Teams consist of five runners.
Teams consist of five starting players and one reserve.
Teams consist of five starting players.
Teams consist of five to ten people.
Teams consist of four bowlers per team with up to two alternates.
Teams consist of four fencers and one reserve.
Teams consist of four members who play three twenty question rounds.
Teams consist of four members.
Teams consist of four men playing a scramble format.
Teams consist of four or more members.
Teams consist of four people, two managers or supervisors and two hourly employees.
Teams consist of four people.
Teams consist of four person teams that range in make-up from freshman to graduate students.
Teams consist of four players and an alternate which makes five per team.
Teams consist of four players plus an alternate.
Teams consist of four players plus one optional alternate.
Teams consist of four students and a faculty advisor.
Teams consist of four students plus one alternate and a coach.
Teams consist of four to six students.
Teams consist of individuals representing corporations, communities, families and friends.
Teams consist of members.
Teams consist of nine boys and nine girls.
Teams consist of one human on skis and one dog on a leash.
Teams consist of one teen leader and four to six younger students.
Teams consist of one woman and two men.
Teams consist of people with diverse backgrounds and ideas.
Teams consist of prosecutors, investigators, legal assistants and, in some cases, auditors.
Teams consist of representatives from each of the vertical organizations within the company.
Teams consist of representatives.
Teams consist of residents of various training levels.
Teams consist of seven individuals with the first five to finish the race counting for score.
Teams consist of seven members, with two parents acting as coaches.
Teams consist of seven players on the field at a time.
Teams consist of seven playerson the field at a time.
Teams consist of six personnel.
Teams consist of six players, two substitutes and a captain.
Teams consist of six students, with three assigned witness roles and three given attorney roles.
Teams consist of team members.
Teams consist of three fencers, and each duels each member of the opposing team.
Teams consist of three members.
Teams consist of three or four students, but four is preferred.
Teams consist of three or more individuals who bird together throughout the day.
Teams consist of three players with two substitutes.
Teams consist of three players.
Teams consist of three students entered as a team.
Teams consist of three women and two men.
Teams consist of two male and two female players plus a coach.
Teams consist of two men and women.
Teams consist of two to four members having specific expertise relative to the unit being evaluated.
Teams consist of two to four students.
Teams consist of two to three undergraduate students.
Teams consist of up to five members.
Teams consist of up to four players, with an option to substitute a fifth player in at halftime.
Teams consist of up to ten players on a side.
Teams consisting of five different level players compete against other teams of players.
Teams consisting of three to five students and one supervisor perform the activities together.
Teams consists of mostly juniors and seniors and some sophomores.
Teams consists of parents, teachers and administrators.
Teams constantly survey the lake for lilies to build a dynamic picture of the changes.
Teams construct homemade robots, the sole purpose of which is to destroy other homemade robots.
Teams construct paper airplanes and compete in both group and individual aerial competitions.
Teams continue alternating turns until no balls remain.
Teams continue to arrive day and night for the next week and a half.
Teams continue to assess the impacts to residential structures to determine the unmet needs.
Teams continue to bat through the entire roster.
Teams continue to filter through non-stop.
Teams continue to meet and report.
Teams continue to move from station to station until all students have worked at all stations.
Teams convey their vision through both a written description and illustrated scenes.
Teams cover housing and transportation during the season.
Teams cover the course relay-style, with one member always on the track.
Teams create a checklist to a apply to a story they have read and to their own story.
Teams create a final presentation of their project.
Teams create a model from the floor plan.
Teams create a model of their solution and give their solution a name.
Teams create a sample product using the mini-center.
Teams create different buildings which unlock new, more powerful classes for that team.
Teams create first draft of initial tasks.
Teams create responses.
Teams create their own ocean-themed artwork in chalk within a designated pavement section.
Teams currently operate in all counties.
Teams debate the instructor.
Teams decide on one business or service.
Teams decide the line-up each day, so to speak.
Teams decide the properties to be determined.
Teams decide what resources are to be used for researching questions.
Teams decide which stocks or mutual funds they wish to trade, based on their research and ideas.
Teams decide who leads, who plays and who stays.
Teams decorate booths and themselves as they show off their clammy culinary skills.
Teams dedicated to specific projects also ensure that services are delivered when needed.
Teams defend the opposite goals for the second half.
Teams defend their design before a panel of engineers and also write an essay.
Teams deliver books, record location information.
Teams deliver services.
Teams depart for Europe.
Teams depart to their service site.
Teams depend on a mutuality of giving and receiving on all sides.
Teams depend on leadership to be successful.
Teams deploy at ground level, in second and third stories, and in basements.
Teams design and complete a project located at an organization in the metropolitan area.
Teams design and construct banners.
Teams design and manage their own processes.
Teams design cities by computer and build scale models, competing for prizes and peer recognition.
Teams design in-house training and improve office operations.
Teams design, complete, and present a real estate project in a competition.
Teams design, develop, and deploy.
Teams determine factors.
Teams determine other factors.
Teams determine workflow, assignments, and break and vacation schedules.
Teams develop a research plan to study their issue.
Teams develop and implement successful prevention plans.
Teams develop edible products which utilize dry milk or whey.
Teams develop field strategies similar to soccer.
Teams develop hypothesis statements as a result of the assessment process.
Teams develop implementation plans for their schools.
Teams develop international business plans.
Teams develop more creative solutions to difficult problems.
Teams develop professional development plans based on technology needs.
Teams develop protocols.
Teams devise new strategies to improve the quality of service offered.
Teams devise strategies to protect their own goal, while trying to advance to score goals.
Teams differ from communities in that teams are task driven, and communities are interest driven.
Teams differ in several important ways from committees or task forces.
Teams discuss and approve reports before adjournment.
Teams discuss assignments for project.
Teams discuss case assignments or journal articles and present their conclusions to the class.
Teams discuss each student's cases and review the session videotapes.
Teams discuss how they determined their scores.
Teams discuss practical business and ethical situations requiring negotiation and decision making.
Teams discuss solution strategies, agree on the solution, and then post the solution.
Teams dismantle after completion of problem.
Teams divide into couples.
Teams Divide the group into two teams.
Teams divide the states in their region among the team members.
Teams do a variety of formations, such as circles, blocks and pinwheels, in perfect unison.
Teams do analyses.
Teams do battles.
Teams do careful analyses.
Teams do control to some degree their choice of conference.
Teams do go to end line at the end of the match.
Teams do great jobs.
Teams do have someone out there in the bullpen with a better, rested arm.
Teams do it all the time.
Teams do it better, faster, cheaper.
Teams do jobs.
Teams do respond - puts it on team leader.
Teams do their own hiring.
Teams do their own purchasing.
Teams do their own recruiting, etc.
Teams don t like to be pressured.
Teams draft for years and never come up with guys who can dominate the line of scrimmage.
Teams draw lines from the original home page on the poster board to the links connected to it.
Teams drive themselves very hard to focus on team goals.
Teams earn a predetermined amount of little points in a row to earn a big point .
Teams earn bonus points for each category that they perform better than their opponents.
Teams earn certificates or other team rewards if they achieve above a designated standard.
Teams earn invitations to the National Beef Bowl by winning two previous competitions.
Teams earn points based on how far the girls progress in the individual draws.
Teams earn points by correctly answering trivia questions.
Teams earn points for completing each challenge and for quality of their collaboration.
Teams earn points for completing each challenge and for the quality of their collaboration.
Teams earn points for design, creativity, and speed.
Teams earn points for matching verbs and particles.
Teams earn points for participation and money raised.
Teams earn points for results in league matches.
Teams earn points for their performance.
Teams earn points for wins and half-points for ties.
Teams earn points in each event according to their performance.
Teams earn three points for a win and one point for a tie.
Teams earn three points for a win, one point for a tie, and zero points for a loss.
Teams earn three points for each win, one point for a tie and zero points for a loss.
Teams earn two points for every centimeter of height.
Teams earn two points per centimeter of height.
Teams employ astrologers to assist in the selection process and to cast spells on the opposition.
Teams encounter obstacles en route that put their collective skills to the test.
Teams encourage cadets to strive to be better and to be a team player.
Teams encourage discussion of ideas and oral summarization.
Teams energize and speed up the search by combining networking firepower.
Teams engage in head to head competition.
Teams engage in internet dialogues and post an agreed-upon solution to each challenge.
Teams enter both regional and national competitions.
Teams enter the Gulf of Mexico for their paddle to a specific place on their map.
Teams entering multiple events can only win first place prizes two times.
Teams entering the competition have to follow a relatively complex set of rules.
Teams essentially build their cases by emphasizing a player's shortcomings.
Teams establish a variety of community outreach programs that teach free enterprise.
Teams evaluate such areas as automation, ergonomics, equipment and tooling.
Teams evaluate the competence.
Teams evolve in a non-hierarchical networked environment formed in response to organizational goals.
Teams examine and go through a full trial of a specific case.
Teams examine how to set priorities and submit their recommendations to the plenary for decision.
Teams examine images.
Teams exist as well as in several foreign countries.
Teams exist for academic and elective content areas.
Teams exist for rowing, cricket, cycling and lacrosse.
Teams exist for the lifetime of the project.
Teams experience a sense of unity or team identity.
Teams experience an illusion of unanimity.
Teams experience how the interdependence between teams is critical to success as a whole.
Teams fabricate a portion of a Mars base in cooperation with teams from two other schools.
Teams face last battle It has been a war.
Teams fail to properly identify their players or present photo ID upon request.
Teams failing to comply are subject to fines.
Teams feed off cheering and booing too.
Teams feed off of fans.
Teams field five racers with the top three performances being used for the team score.
Teams field seven players per side, with unlimited substitutions in between points.
Teams fighting to the death, however, remain likely.
Teams figure out logistics so the focus is on the real goal.
Teams fill and leagues close quickly, which can make joining a team a challenge.
Teams fill quickly.
Teams fill their fuel cans with gas from a supply provided at each track.
Teams find it difficult to examine their behaviour openly.
Teams find purposes.
Teams find roles.
Teams find their way of handling the different strategies.
Teams find variability.
Teams first begin as a group of people chosen to work together to accomplish a project.
Teams first compete in regional contests held around the world each fall.
Teams first compete on a local level.
Teams fish the surf for prizes.
Teams fix problems, generally after a severe problem has occurred.
Teams flee in terror the moment they see our pack.
Teams flip coaches like pancakes.
Teams fly only during daylight hours and good weather.
Teams fly up and down the court.
Teams flying at higher altitudes are in the southern route.
Teams focus on customer experience.
Teams focus on deliver results.
Teams focus on experience.
Teams focus on outcomes to which the whole team contributes.
Teams focus on results.
Teams focus on the customer rather than the sales process itself.
Teams focus on their current projects or one they have worked on recently.
Teams focus their efforts on improving students' performance in math, science or literacy.
Teams follow certain guidelines.
Teams follow guidelines.
Teams follow meeting agenda according to materials sent in a packet each week.
Teams follow standard formats for quick, direct and efficient presentations.
Teams form a hill out of sand and dirt at one end of the cookie sheet pan.
Teams form a large circle and hold hands.
Teams form at each park for all ages and levels.
Teams form primarily in the fall semester, although new members are welcome in the spring semester.
Teams form up for closing ceremonies and awards.
Teams formally present their conceptual designs and recommendations to their clients.
Teams function best when everyone participates and decisions are made collaboratively.
Teams function most effectively by co-operation in the presence of an effective leader.
Teams gain additional insights and skills with they have an opportunity to share with each other.
Teams gain and lose different qualities every year.
Teams gain bonus points for demonstrating exemplary team spirit and enthusiasm.
Teams gain expertise in research and pedagogy and develop new curricular materials.
Teams gain points in each event based on their overall placement versus other businesses.
Teams gain the satisfaction of navigating cross country using maps and compasses.
Teams gain three points for a win and one point for a draw.
Teams gather at various tournaments held throughout the year to play competitively.
Teams gather data.
Teams gather information via the Internet or books provided.
Teams generally consist of a sergeant and a detective constable.
Teams generally produce one or more final products.
Teams generally respond to a large home crowd.
Teams generally use sticker tires during qualifying, then use scrubbed tires in a race.
Teams generate demos.
Teams generate varying amounts of local revenue, and the richer teams are loathe to share.
Teams get a few minutes to practice balancing as a team on the newspaper.
Teams get a look at a chart detailing who has what in terms of energy and food.
Teams get a morale boost if they outnumber, ambush, or kill the enemy.
Teams get a point every time they serve, which made the games go faster.
Teams get a win for each category they win for the week, and a loss for each category they lose.
Teams get better and some even decline.
Teams get better as the year goes on.
Teams get better when they are together a long time.
Teams Get Big Results.
Teams get can get on a roll, guys can get hot.
Teams get facilities.
Teams get in a single file line.
Teams get indoor facilities.
Teams get indoor practice facilities.
Teams get lucky, too, and finding hidden talent is sometimes a matter of timing.
Teams get on a roll like that.
Teams get one point for each correct formula.
Teams get one point per capture.
Teams get pledges for donations to charity based upon points scored.
Teams get points by working together and showing good cooperation.
Teams get points for each elimination they do to another team.
Teams get practice facilities.
Teams get strapped for bodies and cast a net for anybody who can skate.
Teams get ten minutes to wad up all their paper into a big pile.
Teams get the experience of playing games and practicing skills at each meeting.
Teams get the red armor so that every two minutes they can attack the quad powerup area of the map.
Teams get things done because there is ownership, accountability and responsibility.
Teams get tired, go for steals and commit fouls.
Teams get tired.
Teams get to compete against new faces and in new places.
Teams get together to start building their portal for their particular courses.
Teams gets three points for a win and one point for a tie.
Teams go back together with each set of partners teaching the other set.
Teams go head to head on game nights and the most points that night win.
Teams go into hitting, pitching and defensive slumps.
Teams Go is a free travel service.
Teams go on long runs of defeats as much as they do with runs of wins.
Teams go out at one-minute intervals and race the clock.
Teams go out every second week.
Teams go out on a regular basis to keep track of ice cracks and their changes.
Teams go out with care packages of food for residents.
Teams go through a process of self-organization and decide which general path to take.
Teams go through ever-deepening levels of storming, norming, and performing.
Teams go through slumps.
Teams go through spells when they have trouble finding the goal.
Teams go through their own natural development process, and some quicker than others.
Teams go through things throughout a season, and they learn and grow from it.
Teams go to churches in New York City and teach English as a second language.
Teams go to end line at the end of each game.
Teams go to local churches, as well as neighboring states, ministering in word and song.
Teams go to the dealership to provide training on-site.
Teams go up and down in groups of years.
Teams hail from various bars raising dollars for their favorite charity.
Teams hate the locker rooms and the drainage - well, the drainage is lousy.
Teams hate the locker rooms and the drainage well, the drainage is lousy.
Teams have a bye in the round of competition in which their packet is used.
Teams have a chance to win prizes.
Teams have a choice to run either a carburetor, or the fuel injection system.
Teams have a core membership of co-leads from the appropriate department plus a supporting analyst.
Teams have a feeling of creativity and excitement.
Teams have a gender balance and gender skills at all levels.
Teams have a lot of independence - and a lot of responsibility.
Teams have a map and a mandate to get from point to point.
Teams have a minimal to maximal range of potential functioning.
Teams have a ten-minute grace period.
Teams have access to a variety of help functions while they are involved in the program.
Teams have access to training opportunities to increase their capacity for innovation and learning.
Teams have advice.
Teams have all the time they want to code and test their mech.
Teams have an agenda.
Teams have an especially challenging task in the early stages of their development.
Teams have an obligation to work together and arrange meeting times to fit everyone's schedule.
Teams have at least five members.
Teams have attitude.
Teams have bad days.
Teams have bones.
Teams have business.
Teams have cell phones.
Teams have collective responsibility for hiring new members and electing their own team leaders.
Teams have common planning time and are empowered to make scheduling decisions.
Teams have designs.
Teams have diverse personalities, skills, and interests that are challenging to put together.
Teams have expertise.
Teams have experts.
Teams have features.
Teams have five minutes or so to dress kids up with newspaper to look like certain things.
Teams have five seconds to answer each question once they buzz in.
Teams have five seconds to respond after the moderator reads a toss-up question.
Teams have five substitutes.
Teams have four downs to get past the midfield cones.
Teams have four shooters.
Teams have fundraisers which include raffles, dances, bake sales, suppers and much more.
Teams have games.
Teams have ideas.
Teams have 'internal multiplier'.
Teams have knowledge.
Teams have leaders.
Teams have limits.
Teams have many advantages over individuals working in isolation.
Teams have many black players.
Teams have many different plays for each formation.
Teams have many ways to make decisions, with the best way depending on the situation.
Teams have members who contribute different artistic aspects to create multi-discipline works.
Teams have methods.
Teams have necessary knowledge.
Teams have neck bones.
Teams have needs and member roles.
Teams have obvious advantages over individuals when it comes to making decisions.
Teams have one minute to discuss the question.
Teams have one-minute turns during which they try to guess as many words as possible.
Teams have options.
Teams have players.
Teams have rules.
Teams have second, third, fourth options, things of that nature.
Teams have several positive effects.
Teams have several top players.
Teams have sighting.
Teams have similar stages.
Teams have some control here.
Teams have some fun.
Teams have somewhat complementary backgrounds.
Teams have specialists.
Teams have specific players to return kicks.
Teams have specific strength coaches, technical programs and strict schedules for lifting.
Teams have superstars.
Teams have sustainable business.
Teams have technical knowledge.
Teams have the benefit of viewing current standings, especially important during a close race.
Teams have the opportunity to advance through local, state, and national levels.
Teams have the option to designate their own object path.
Teams have the potential to create their own energy.
Teams have the potential to playing each other seven times inside of a two-week span.
Teams have the power to implement their decisions.
Teams have the responsibility to deal internally with participation or interpersonal problems.
Teams have time to heal injuries, recover from illness or prepare for their next opponent.
Teams have to agree on a specific amount of elbow-room before playing.
Teams have to be able to defend the perimeter.
Teams have to be aggressive, pushing the ball up the floor and dictating tempo.
Teams have to be molded.
Teams have to be registered soon.
Teams have to beat the teams in their divisions, their closest rivals.
Teams have to compete at six of the eight season meets to be eligible for the awards.
Teams have to design fast, but safe, racing toboggans using a rough, brittle material.
Teams have to file a nightly report on entertainment activities during a game.
Teams have to get on a roll now.
Teams have to get to their level.
Teams have to have salary cap room in order to sign free agents.
Teams have to have the same composition in class and approximately the same amount of hp and mana.
Teams have to run or pass for that point.
Teams have to select a different category each time they play.
Teams have to slide a guy over and it makes a lot of situations wide-open.
Teams have to stay together during the entire game.
Teams have to try to weather the storm and try to fight through it. . . .
Teams have to want to come here to play.
Teams have twenty minutes to complete the test.
Teams have two chances to answer each question.
Teams have up to ten members, including the team leader.
Teams have veto power.
Teams have yet to be determined.
Teams hawked nearly anything to raise an extra buck.
Teams headed by doctors work together to help patients with functional disabilities.
Teams help develop more cohesive, integrated, cooperative environments for task accomplishment.
Teams help education.
Teams help employees leverage career skills and expand their marketability.
Teams help operations.
Teams help outcomes.
Teams help people whose lives have been touched by devastation.
Teams help successful outcomes.
Teams hire specialists.
Teams hold activities.
Teams hold educational activities.
Teams hope for a good start.
Teams hope their winning ways can be contagious.
Teams hoping to find a running back in the draft are apt to come away empty.
Teams huddle and choose two plant types, first choice and a tie-breaker.
Teams huddle to agree on a team question.
Teams huddle together to arrive at a correct display on the tray.
Teams identify preliminary ecosystem goals, objectives, action strategies, and potential partners.
Teams implement experiments.
Teams improve upon an innovative concept and make implementation possible.
Teams include men.
Teams include nutrition specialists.
Teams include representatives.
Teams include specialists.
Teams include staff.
Teams increasingly use paper prototypes to help generate requirements.
Teams initially submit an executive summary of their business concept and profit model.
Teams insert by helicopter, parachute operations and amphibious surface techniques.
Teams integrate parent involvement activities with child-centered counseling and mentoring.
Teams interact on a daily basis.
Teams interact to develop the best approach to accomplish the assignment.
Teams interact with parents and plan interdisciplinary units.
Teams invest in sophisticated modeling tools and environments.
Teams investigate the mysteries, then report their findings to the entire group.
Teams involve in production.
Teams is played by triads who use one grid.
Teams issue statements.
Teams Join with others to assist in bringing light to least-reached people.
Teams jump to solutions without clearly identifying and understanding the problem's root cause.
Teams keep at least one member walking or running on the track around the clock.
Teams keep bring the kitchen sink.
Teams keep improving each week, or they're going to get beat.
Teams keep score.
Teams keep the ball dry.
Teams keep the cards they use and return the others to the deck.
Teams keep their own score while at bat.
Teams keep track of how many points they earn each day using the point system.
Teams know it.
Teams know it's a tough place to play.
Teams know the importance of running games.
Teams know the product, the customer, and the market.
Teams know what the odds are.
Teams know who they have to stop.
Teams launch and recover their own sub.
Teams learn communication, trust, risk- taking and reaching common goals through team support.
Teams learn from each other and in some cases, implement other service's successes.
Teams learn how to resolve differences collaboratively, and respect becomes the modus operandi.
Teams learn the process for decision-making through instruction and interactive exercises.
Teams learn to skate through high school.
Teams leave cities, free agents leave teams and teams fire coaches after one bad season.
Teams leave each summer for Spain, Mexico, or Central America.
Teams leave the right side tires out for a number of reasons.
Teams leave the start approximately one minute apart.
Teams like to cycle with two or three forwards circling in either the corners or around the net.
Teams like to have a punter that kicks the ball high and far.
Teams line up across the table.
Teams line up and each member is given a straw.
Teams line up at that spot and the ball is thrown in by the umpires.
Teams line up behind each target.
Teams line up double arms distance apart and facing other team.
Teams line up facing each other about a yard apart.
Teams line up facing one another and each player is assigned a number.
Teams line up for opening ceremonies.
Teams line up in typical relay fashion.
Teams line up on opposite ends of the track.
Teams line up parallel and facing each other, six feet on either side of a center line.
Teams listed are active on campus.
Teams live at camp.
Teams look at, discuss, move around, and add to what is on their chart.
Teams look beyond gender.
Teams look forward to coming here and partaking of our lavish accommodations.
Teams lose by giving up more goals than they score.
Teams lose points if another team can successfully challenge their decision.
Teams lose their focus.
Teams lose weight.
Teams love the big, wide guys in the middle, but speed is what's needed on the outside.
Teams maintain positions.
Teams make appearances.
Teams make better decisions, and are often more creative, collectively, than individuals.
Teams make better progress when they are very specific about their aims.
Teams make changes from game to game and it's up to the players to make the adjustments.
Teams make changes that cause the application to break or seriously malfunction.
Teams make continual adjustments to a car's setup during pit stops based on driver input.
Teams make contributions.
Teams make decisions once a week, every week.
Teams make decisions.
Teams make improvement.
Teams make initial contact with client and schedule meeting with client.
Teams make major contributions.
Teams make observations.
Teams make periodic reports and presentations to the class on design assignments.
Teams make progress.
Teams make qualifying and race-runs, observe various parts on the car and compare notes.
Teams make real-world decisions to plan strategies and manage a hotel from loss into profit.
Teams make recommendations.
Teams make snowballs beforehand.
Teams make their profits in the playoffs.
Teams make things happen when everybody's voice is heard.
Teams make things happen.
Teams make transitions.
Teams make two-minute presentations followed by peer review and immediate feedback.
Teams make up a fun name and can create a team 'uniform'.
Teams manage business within competitive marketplace.
Teams manage themselves and collaborate on the fly.
Teams map the water table surface and measure hydraulic conductivity of subterranean sediments.
Teams match up a parent, older sibling, or friend with a junior rider.
Teams mean different things to different companies.
Teams measure off distances and set up models.
Teams meet and develop an action plan.
Teams meet and discuss the opening situation and get to know each other.
Teams meet at least twice each term.
Teams meet during class period and make presentations based on fixed benchmarks.
Teams meet each other for a second time at the other team's home court.
Teams meet each, four-hour class session.
Teams meet four times weekly to discuss each student's progress and performance.
Teams meet in head to head competition.
Teams meet often and elaborate designs, information, accuracy, elaboration, etc. with teammates.
Teams meet on a regular basis to plan integration of subject matter and keep communications open.
Teams meet on a situation basis.
Teams meet once per week.
Teams meet regularly for discussion of ongoing cases.
Teams meet regularly to discuss issues, solve problems and appreciate each others' contributions.
Teams meet regularly to discuss plans and review progress.
Teams meet regularly to review progress and address barriers.
Teams meet rigorous qualifying standards.
Teams meet the evening prior to the hunt for a rules meeting and dinner.
Teams meet to discuss and evaluate the methods and tools they are using.
Teams meet to discuss readings, study in a group, complete group assignments.
Teams meet twice per week.
Teams meet two hours per month to work on projects.
Teams meet weekends and selected holidays.
Teams meet weekly or bi-weekly.
Teams meet weekly to consider referrals and conduct interventions.
Teams meet weekly to prepare for visits to schools and with a team advisor.
Teams meet with faculty to settle disputes.
Teams meet with their students each day for three to four hours.
Teams mix senior and junior professionals, offering mentorship opportunities for both.
Teams move along the river banks daily, manually slashing and uprooting alien plants.
Teams move for better financial deals.
Teams move from cities overnight.
Teams move from hypothetical issues to real world, authenic concerns.
Teams move from hypothetical issues to real world, authentic concerns .
Teams move into positions around the island.
Teams move quickly down the floor and into their offense.
Teams move the disc down the field by completing passes to their teammates.
Teams move through stages of development, from forming to storming to norming to performing.
Teams move to CIES testing area for demonstration of structural testing of wall mock-ups.
Teams move to meeting rooms.
Teams moving in sports seem to come in bunches.
Teams navigate between checkpoints, visiting team in order given.
Teams needing kickers are in luck.
Teams needs their mascots to be more interactive.
Teams negotiate against each other.
Teams negotiate the cargo nets.
Teams never go through the playoffs unscathed.
Teams never stay where they are.
Teams nominate preferences for time slots and a preferred venue.
Teams nominate the individuals they believe have provided outstanding support.
Teams normally select their own order of visiting checkpoints.
Teams normally spend two weeks in the field.
Teams now are a common sight in many government organizations, companies and industries.
Teams now have an answer or a solution.
Teams now have bragging rights for each game that they play.
Teams now have clubhouse stores in malls as well as in the stadium.
Teams now have scouting reports that tell players where someone tends to hit the ball.
Teams number off.
Teams observe conditions and care of residents.
Teams observe local cultures beyond what tourists experience.
Teams occasionally find stars in the draft.
Teams occur on each of the main Hawaiian islands.
Teams offer motivation, rewards, and support for members.
Teams offer opportunities for shared learning and reinforcement of new ideas.
Teams offer peace.
Teams offer solutions.
Teams only get five minutes to do their thing.
Teams only have to grade one program.
Teams only involve engineering majors in the spring.
Teams only move as fast as the slowest member.
Teams open here to see all the members on each team.
Teams operate better if the members are related and communicate frequently.
Teams operate in a health, accident free environment.
Teams operate in a healthy, accident free environment.
Teams operate under the auspices of voluntary agencies and municipals hospitals.
Teams operating in a virtual, networked environment can become the primary organizational work unit.
Teams organize around opportunities and leaders emerge.
Teams organize around voluntary commitments.
Teams ought to lose to shadow teams if they so deserve.
Teams outline specific goals and objectives for the term, and complete monthly progress reports.
Teams pair up with another team online and engage in problem-solving dialog.
Teams participate at their home schools over a two-hour time period.
Teams participate from Cincinnati, Chicago, Lexington, and Louisville.
Teams participate in a minimum of two tournaments a year.
Teams participate in a variety of activities over a one-hour period.
Teams participate in bowl games.
Teams participate in end of the season tournaments throughout the Southern District.
Teams participate in games.
Teams participate in league competition.
Teams participate in local competitions and sports inter-changes with other primary schools.
Teams participate in making decisions.
Teams participate in recreational, athletic, social and community activities.
Teams participate in several rounds of oral arguments.
Teams participate in the county league.
Teams participate in the National Intercollegiate Polo Tournament.
Teams participate in tournaments during the summer months.
Teams participate on their own local campuses and send their solutions away for scoring.
Teams participate via internet .
Teams participating in a minimum of four teams sports are eligible for the All Sports Trophy.
Teams paste the printout of the home page in the middle of a large piece of poster board.
Teams pay an entry fee to participate and are placed in divisions depending on their abiltities.
Teams pay the officials at the site prior to game time.
Teams peaking now are the ones to watch in tournament play.
Teams perform and people are inspired by one another.
Teams perform at conferences.
Teams perform case study designs based on industrial problems.
Teams perform on alternate months.
Teams perform self-assessment in the laboratory and design courses.
Teams permit performance and learning at the same time.
Teams physically located across the country, or world, work together on business projects.
Teams pick from unprotected players or any other eligible free agents.
Teams pick in inverse order from how they finished in the league standings during the past season.
Teams pick their playing days and times.
Teams plan their own work, execute their plans, and report on the results.
Teams plan, create, and rehearse their cheer during the allocated time.
Teams plan, perform, and analyze actual sample surveys.
Teams play a district tournament.
Teams play a four-game round robin.
Teams play a knockout tournament.
Teams play a six game round robin.
Teams play a tournament.
Teams play about ten games each spring, usually with three or four coaches per team.
Teams play against area parochial schools.
Teams play against each other in sets, two games per set.
Teams play against local colleges and participate in various community leagues.
Teams play against opponents in neighboring leagues.
Teams play against other schools for sportsmanship and other awards.
Teams play and compete locally with other school teams in our area.
Teams play and train as a team in an intense setting allowing for huge improvements in one week.
Teams play at least two regular season games.
Teams play competitively and take turns moving through the phrases to get the higher score.
Teams play competitively in the Metropolitan West competition.
Teams play defense.
Teams play each other in weekend tournaments throughout the world.
Teams play each other once in a round-robin format, and the top four finishers play for medals.
Teams play each other once.
Teams play every other team during the regular season .
Teams play every other team during the regular season.
Teams play exhibition games to prepare for each season.
Teams play four on four with a puck.
Teams play games.
Teams play hockey, but it is a cautious brand of hockey.
Teams play in a small city with a small building.
Teams play in the West Surrey Colt's League.
Teams play like that in the neutral zone.
Teams play mostly in the Bulgarian half.
Teams play once a week for five weeks at a regular day and time.
Teams play once a week, except competitive teams, which play twice per night.
Teams play once or twice per day.
Teams play one five-minute overtime period during the regular season.
Teams play only teams within their age division - there are NO cross over games.
Teams play other teams in their division often .
Teams play other teams in their division often.
Teams play out of division.
Teams play own division teams twice, opposite division teams once.
Teams play preseason games .
Teams play preseason games.
Teams play pretty tight defense.
Teams play round robin with the other homerooms on their team.
Teams play same division teams twice, other division teams once.
Teams play separate Fall and Spring seasons with each season composed of nine league matches.
Teams play six games over a three-week period, although they also scrimmage almost every day.
Teams play six games total.
Teams play six games, including playoffs.
Teams play six week seasons.
Teams play the opponents in their league.
Teams play the opponents in their scheduled time and the the all the leagues in the playoffs.
Teams play their best in games that take place at practice times, when the body expects to play.
Teams play three pool games and then advances into semifinals in A or B bracket.
Teams play three regular season games.
Teams play to strict international rules under the supervision of several on-field referees.
Teams play tournaments throughout the year, leading up to Provincial Championships in the Spring.
Teams play twice a week.
Teams play two dozen games plus playoffs, tournaments and all-star games.
Teams play two five-minute halves in the extra period.
Teams play two games a week for five weeks.
Teams play two games against each opponent.
Teams play two games per week for six weeks.
Teams play two nights per week.
Teams play two running backs.
Teams play two three-minute overtime periods when a water polo game is tied and a victory is needed.
Teams play two to three games per week.
Teams play until they win twice or lose twice.
Teams play until they win two games or lose two games.
Teams play with four skaters and a goalie on each squad.
Teams play with four skaters and a goalie.
Teams play with seven players aside, as opposed to eleven.
Teams play with seven players on the field.
Teams play zone defense.
Teams playing all four events get to drop there lowest score.
Teams playing Cleveland have fewer games.
Teams playing over their head do.
Teams pledge to have one member on the track at all times, walking or running.
Teams pledge to have one team member on the track at all times.
Teams plot the location of each animal on their section maps.
Teams police themselves and know how critical it is to get below the cap by the appointed dates.
Teams practice about two hours per week before or after school, with one match per week.
Teams practice and perform at different times within the week.
Teams practice arguments.
Teams practice on a monthly basis and have periodic specialized training.
Teams practice on Sundays.
Teams practice once a week, with the day and time of the practice up to the team's coach.
Teams practice once a week.
Teams practice once or twice a week after school in the gymnasium.
Teams practice one hour per week and play one game per week.
Teams practice regular self-evaluation as a way of learning, planning and improving.
Teams practice self-management.
Teams practice twice a week in the Kalamazoo area.
Teams practice two nights per week for the first two weeks.
Teams practice two times a week on weekday nights.
Teams practice using tools for each unique setting.
Teams prepare for debate.
Teams prepare for the battles from the fall to early spring.
Teams prepare management guidelines for the client and conduct a training class for their use.
Teams prepare proposal for developing and introducing a new product into the marketplace.
Teams prepare solutions.
Teams prepare themselves internally.
Teams present brief reports on their day's progress in the evening.
Teams present elements and lists of critical issues at retreat.
Teams present information to whole class for discussion.
Teams present on a simple technical topic such as an instruction manual for a household appliance.
Teams present portions of their plan to the class for analysis and discussion.
Teams present preliminary questionnaire.
Teams present their action plans and make plans for future activities.
Teams present their analysis and recommendations to a panel of judges.
Teams present their filters to the class.
Teams present their findings and compare conclusions.
Teams present their findings on their own team web sites.
Teams present their findings posing as expert witnesses for the prosecution.
Teams present their pre-proposals.
Teams present their projects to the class.
Teams present their projects, their approaches and their improvements.
Teams present their proposals to a panel of judges during the Builders' Show.
Teams present their solution at the Regional Competition.
Teams present their solutions in a competition with other schools in the county.
Teams produce budgets.
Teams produce conflict evidence.
Teams produce evaluation package.
Teams produce evidence.
Teams produce performance appraisal pacakge.
Teams produce position descriptions and organizational structure.
Teams produce results.
Teams produce work that is based on collective effort.
Teams progress naturally through relatively predictable stages of development.
Teams progress through a predictable set of steps from forming a team to achieving high performance.
Teams promote communication , which often gets bogged down in a more hierarchical structure.
Teams promote creative solutions that are essential to reaching our goals.
Teams protesting about the appointment of umpires are nothing new.
Teams provide a basis for problem solving, organizational learning and knowledge management.
Teams provide a more intimate way to support one another and be accountable to shared goals.
Teams provide analyses.
Teams provide assistance to Kurdish refugees in several countries.
Teams provide assistance to refugees from Vietnam and Cambodia.
Teams provide attention.
Teams provide basic assistance overnight, on holidays and on weekends until the office opens.
Teams provide better opportunity for discussion.
Teams provide care.
Teams provide customized services to meet all agencies human resource needs.
Teams provide everything else needed.
Teams provide food.
Teams provide information.
Teams provide management.
Teams provide numbered shirts.
Teams provide socio-emotional support that make individual efforts more productive.
Teams provide suggestions.
Teams provide the capacity for rapid response to changes in customer demands.
Teams provide the church with a challenging model for ministry in a complex and fast-changing world.
Teams provide their own uniforms and coaches.
Teams provide their own warm-up balls.
Teams provide valuable suggestions.
Teams providing competition come from New Jersey, Pennsylvania, and Delaware.
Teams purchase a kit containing a solar panel and a motor.
Teams pursue concepts.
Teams qualify by having practically no chance of winning based on the previous year's record.
Teams qualify by winning a local contest at their university.
Teams qualify for a national tournament in Dallas.
Teams qualify for the state championship through regional playoffs.
Teams qualify for the tournament through regional competitions.
Teams qualify with a light load to achieve maximum speed.
Teams quickly adapt.
Teams race from checkpoint to checkpoint.
Teams race in youth and adult categories, both competitive and recreational.
Teams race on a number of identical boats or compete in a fun treasure hunt.
Teams race on the same tires they qualify on.
Teams race the elaborately decorated dragon boats to the beat of heavy drums.
Teams raise money by asking for donations prior to the event.
Teams raise the remainder of their annual budgets through fundraising and team dues.
Teams range from recreational juvenile to adult.
Teams range in number of participants.
Teams range in size from two to ten or more.
Teams reach goals.
Teams reach the National Championships through a qualification process.
Teams read, use references, and follow directions in order to determine their own course of action.
Teams really do find out, on camera, the morning of the build.
Teams really knock the hell out of each other all year long.
Teams receive a discount.
Teams receive a time penalty, assessed by officials, for breaking rayce regulations.
Teams receive an application form with their entry blank.
Teams receive bags.
Teams receive computerized profit and loss statements after each trading session.
Teams receive confidential information.
Teams receive four points for a win and two for a draw.
Teams receive identical case materials including exhibits, depositions, and case law.
Teams receive information.
Teams receive instruction and play a minimum of nine games.
Teams receive no points for losses.
Teams receive one grade.
Teams receive one point for each goal scored in regulation up to a maximum of three per game.
Teams receive one point for each word correctly spelled.
Teams receive one point for each.
Teams receive points for cooperation and correct answers.
Teams receive points for guessing whether the drawing is a good or service before time expires.
Teams receive points if they complete the entire season without forfeiting out of competition.
Teams receive prizes in the name of the team.
Teams receive seven points for a first place vote, six points for a second place votes, etc.
Teams receive six points for victories, three for a tie and one for a shutout.
Teams receive three points for a victory in regulation and one point for a shootout win.
Teams receive three points for a win and one point for a draw.
Teams receive three time-outs per game and can play man or zone defense.
Teams receive training in problem-solving, identify and solve problems, and implement solutions.
Teams receive training on community leadership and healthy parenting.
Teams recommend goals.
Teams record potential cross-curricular projects in their initial designs.
Teams record tackles individually.
Teams recruit walkers to raise money for the walk.
Teams refer to the version in the year they won their championship in.
Teams register online and post scores to a dynamic league standings table.
Teams register themselves in appropriate league.
Teams register to pair up with another team and engage in problem-solving dialogue.
Teams register to play at their appropriate level.
Teams regularly tour as far afield as South Africa and Barbados.
Teams relate directly with customers and partners to develop and implement program improvements.
Teams rely on liaison methods and mutual adjustment between themselves and other teams.
Teams remain on field for half time.
Teams repair cleft lips and palates, disfigurement, tumors and so forth.
Teams report monthly on key indicators, including balance of work and personal life.
Teams report results.
Teams report their findings in a final session back in the laboratory.
Teams report their findings to the entire group.
Teams report their lists to the entire group and a master list is developed.
Teams represent a diagonal cross-section of an organization.
Teams represent local companies, community organizations, religious groups, families, etc.
Teams represent the profession.
Teams representing fifty states compete against the clock to repair deliberately disabled vehicles.
Teams request technical support at the pit administration area.
Teams require a particular kind of leadership and management to operate at their best.
Teams require aerobic workouts.
Teams require clear direction, strong commitment and a variety of capabilities to perform well.
Teams require complementary skills - so that each member adds value and completes the team.
Teams require effective guidance to avoid conflict and confusion.
Teams require managers.
Teams require more resources to complete their assignments than individuals.
Teams require positive feedback to reinforce their accomplishments.
Teams require regular aerobic workouts.
Teams require regular workouts.
Teams require visible management support and commitment, adding to their workload.
Teams require workouts.
Teams requiring players to complete their roster are able to pick up players from the draft.
Teams research the best energy source.
Teams research the companies, coached by business leaders who volunteer as mentors.
Teams research the pollution s effect on oceans and coasts.
Teams research the topic and analyze a given situation.
Teams resemble their leader.
Teams respond to change with less threat than individuals feel.
Teams respond to incidents.
Teams review and assess their performance.
Teams review and troubleshoot final drafts and plan final revisions.
Teams rework their parts, meet again as a class, and eventually come to a conclusion.
Teams ride in go-rounds, with the top six teams qualifying for the final round.
Teams riding the bus have a good track record of success.
Teams rotate every five minutes until all teams have responded to all posters.
Teams rotate on a monthly basis.
Teams rotate the server clockwise.
Teams run hot and cold.
Teams run into walls here because of the altitude.
Teams run new publicly financed stadiums in Nashville and Cleveland.
Teams run things, recommend things or make and do things.
Teams run up large leads quickly.
Teams sag inside on defense.
Teams schedule, rosters, tickets and more.
Teams score a point each time their ball hits the wall behind the opposing team.
Teams score a point every time they throw the ball over the opposite end line.
Teams score a run when a batter safely reaches all four bases.
Teams score by getting runs.
Teams score points for the weight of the fish and number of fish.
Teams score the same as in volleyball.
Teams score when they pull or hang the flag, or shoot opponents.
Teams see positive results.
Teams see results.
Teams seeded first get a first-round bye.
Teams seek advice from the course co-ordinator in the same way.
Teams seem be taking the idea on board and sorting themselves out.
Teams seem interchangeable.
Teams seem to all have a self imposed cap.
Teams seem to be becoming more and more distributed.
Teams seem to think that cost equals quality.
Teams seems interchangable.
Teams select in reverse order from their regular season finish the previous year.
Teams select one of eight real-world problems and develop a solution.
Teams select one of five problem challenges they wish to tackle.
Teams select the best formation that suit their team's players.
Teams select their own order of visiting checkpoints.
Teams select tournament sites they want to attend.
Teams select which platform they prefer.
Teams serve an essential role as editors of creative output.
Teams serve on rotation.
Teams serve once a month.
Teams serve quarterly.
Teams set limits on the number of credentials issued to a publication throughout the season.
Teams set their own goals and monitor team performance.
Teams set their own individual schedule.
Teams set their own standards of performance.
Teams set traps and barriers while protecting their seals from capture.
Teams set up igloos at each days camp stocked with food.
Teams set up tents and bring lounge chairs to get comfy for the night.
Teams shake hands and leave stage to a nice ovation.
Teams share and compare plotted map results.
Teams share information over their own separate freqs.
Teams share knowledge.
Teams share new ideas.
Teams share out the work as they wish, utilising the strengths of individuals within the group.
Teams share project grades equally.
Teams share research knowledge and pose questions.
Teams share responsibilities and lean to collaborate.
Teams share solutions.
Teams share summaries with team members.
Teams share the way they adapt the curriculum materials in their classroom.
Teams share their findings with the class.
Teams share their ideas about categories with the class.
Teams share their molecules with the class.
Teams show promise, only to be eliminated.
Teams sign up for practice times.
Teams simply lose the revenue from that date.
Teams simply trade problems with another team.
Teams simulate the development of a commercial proposal to design, build, and launch a rocket.
Teams sit around separate tables.
Teams slow in shifting are often victims of the fast break, above.
Teams solicit donations, have garage sales, hold car washes, and more.
Teams solicit recommendations from college coaches, and then recruit players on their own.
Teams spend about three months preparing for the competition.
Teams spread out in roped-off wooded areas and sneak around, trying to steal each other's flags.
Teams stand a better chance of hitting a shot if it makes it in the vicinity of the rim.
Teams stand in a circle around the room, huddle to discuss a question from teacher.
Teams stand in lines.
Teams stand it well.
Teams stand patiently watching and waiting their turn to launch.
Teams start and carry out projects to improve productivity and quality.
Teams start and finish from a central area.
Teams start at opposite sides of the field within range of each others paintball guns.
Teams start by determining the choice of goal by tossing a coin.
Teams start on detailed design phase of project.
Teams start on the white tees then move backward or forward defending on how they do.
Teams start racing on opposite sides of the track.
Teams start the game in different areas of the field.
Teams stay at neighborhood churches.
Teams stay in recognized hotels and travel by commercial transport at no cost to the athletes.
Teams stay on track thoughout the simulation and can concentrate on the learning outcomes.
Teams stay together by moving in the same direction.
Teams still have to be good in order to win.
Teams still seek public assistance to improve their profitability.
Teams strategize only against opponent teams.
Teams stream off the hills like the rain.
Teams study salamanders.
Teams submit a written proposal for a research project that requires a supercomputer.
Teams submit arguments in favor and against.
Teams submit their recipe to the teacher for final testing.
Teams succeed and fail as a unit.
Teams succeed because of a desire to excel and be the best.
Teams succeed because of their lines, and last year's was. .
Teams supply their own pitcher and each batter gets three pitches.
Teams support parental authority by putting parents in charge of activities at their family tables.
Teams swat balloons toward their goalie who pops the balloon.
Teams switch positions halfway through the day.
Teams switch sides after each game.
Teams take care.
Teams take different positions.
Teams take great care.
Teams take it in turns to defend a fortified base.
Teams take it in turns to raid.
Teams take lots of planning, motivating, training, and support.
Teams take on the elements together in order to successfully navigate their way to the finish.
Teams take part in the summer tournament after winning their prefectural-level tournament.
Teams take positions.
Teams take sides on the issues involved and use the data to defend their positions.
Teams take tests.
Teams take things seriously.
Teams take time each week for planning and sharing in order to build supportive relationships.
Teams take time to coalesce and it's crucial that team members attend almost all meetings.
Teams take time to learn that.
Teams take time, skills, and knowledge to be successful.
Teams take turns at batting and fielding.
Teams take turns attempting to secure the land and cross the goal line.
Teams take turns bidding with the previous years winners going first.
Teams take turns choosing players .
Teams take turns choosing players.
Teams take turns correcting the assignments.
Teams take turns going under the low hurdles, one team member on the course at a time.
Teams take turns in challenging.
Teams take turns in order.
Teams take turns selecting landmarks and asking questions.
Teams take turns until all pieces of construction paper are gone.
Teams take turns, and the team with the most points after five rounds wins.
Teams take turns.
Teams take up positions in their half of the field.
Teams talk and pray with people in the port cities.
Teams talk through the problem solving process.
Teams teach workshops in creative writing, dance and the visual arts.
Teams tend to be less efficient in solving problems than individuals.
Teams tend to draft players from the same environment they've played in.
Teams tend to line up their quarterbacks.
Teams tend to pass around the responsibility for the opening statements in the discussion.
Teams then begin collecting daily data on precipitation, as well as on temperature and wind.
Teams then change over, the second trying to beat the first's number of runs.
Teams then choose their own route, collecting as many points as possible.
Teams then decide on four to five major criteria for their glue.
Teams then design their own plans.
Teams then evaluate their characteristics and performance by using the product they created.
Teams then move on to explore new subjects, projects, and domains.
Teams then scrimmage to close out the two-hour session.
Teams then test their creations, measuring the distance travelled in five seconds.
Teams then try to find the average length of jump for each jumper.
Teams There is no limit on team members.
Teams thrive in part because of differences.
Teams tinker with tires, changing air pressures and camber angles to boost performance.
Teams to provide care.
Teams to provide quality health care.
Teams toss to decide who throws first.
Teams trade items like rulers, pencils, candy, bookmarks, pins, etc.
Teams trade more missed shots and turnovers.
Teams trade up, teams trade down.
Teams traditionally bring an engine for qualifying, an engine for practice and a race engine.
Teams train, prepare, flight plan from here, and return with their reports of progress.
Teams travel by boat, car, plane, pack horse, and on foot to bring relief wherever it is needed.
Teams travel by invitation to one of six continents.
Teams travel from all over the country.
Teams travel throughout America and to Israel and Zambia.
Teams travel to compete, and race in supplied boats.
Teams travel to games and stay in hotels overnight.
Teams treat six to ten patients.
Teams try to compact the paper on their side into the smallest pile possible.
Teams try to score a point by passing the disc until a player catches it in the end zone.
Teams try to score points by completing a pass in their opponents end zone.
Teams try to spend as little time here as possible.
Teams try to touch as many staff members as possible within the time limit of the game.
Teams try to work out why footballers celebrate the way they do when they scored a particular goal.
Teams turn in final questionnaire.
Teams turn in offensive plays or strategies such as overloading a zone.
Teams turn in one set of worksheets.
Teams turn in questions to be used in actual survey.
Teams turn in written presentations.
Teams turn the ball over.
Teams typically consist of mechanical engineers, art and architecture students and business majors.
Teams typically do individual fund-raising.
Teams typically hold joint practices before preseason games begin.
Teams typically offer financial assistance.
Teams typically overspend on bonuses for free-agent superstars.
Teams typically view playoff tickets as a premium and increase prices.
Teams understand their limitations and threats.
Teams undertake a strategic evaluation and plan for IT-driven business initiatives.
Teams undertake analyses.
Teams undertake impact analyses.
Teams undertake tasks.
Teams use about a gallon of fuel per race evening.
Teams use analysis techniques.
Teams use approaches.
Teams use choices.
Teams use classroom resources.
Teams use creativity.
Teams use data gathering procedures to identify customer needs.
Teams use different strategies to try and score.
Teams use eight players on a side, and there is no punting.
Teams use facilitators to keep the team on the right path.
Teams use image techniques.
Teams use novel analysis techniques.
Teams use novel techniques.
Teams use offensive and defensive patterns.
Teams use products.
Teams use resources.
Teams use similar approaches.
Teams use state per diem allocation for meals.
Teams use techniques.
Teams use technology.
Teams use the area morning newspaper as a source of current events and market information.
Teams use the projections to formulate investment, lending, and funding strategies.
Teams use their cut up slips to create a historical time line.
Teams use their discretion to devise and experiment with approaches for proposals.
Teams use three or four wide receivers in their formations.
Teams vary by age and gender all the way from grade eight through to the teacher's team.
Teams vary in size, mission, and duration.
Teams virtually pull a shroud around themselves during the playoffs.
Teams visit member schools every five years.
Teams visit prospects for their class and department.
Teams visit villages with a houseboat.
Teams visit with interested residents on an individual basis.
Teams walk or fun around the track relay style.
Teams walk or run relay-style on a track, around the clock.
Teams warm up with layup lines.
Teams watch for patterns in their opponent's play, which can help exploit apparent weaknesses.
Teams wear uniforms.
Teams welcome to all sessions.
Teams win based on how the judge scores their performance.
Teams win championships.
Teams win games both because they're lucky and they're good.
Teams win games.
Teams win when they work together.
Teams wishing to get in after that deadline are subject to county fees.
Teams work at their own pace under the careful guidance of specially trained staff.
Teams work because members do what they are already good at.
Teams work best because they can anticipate more multiple options.
Teams work best for the story-telling activities.
Teams work best when they are kept relatively small.
Teams work best when they know each other.
Teams work better with expanded problem solving and decision making skills.
Teams work clandestinely with the Afghan resistance fighters caring for civilian population.
Teams work competitively, on a series of different questions menued by the computers.
Teams work cooperatively to come up with a graded solution and complete against other teams.
Teams work in rotation serving one week a month.
Teams work on churches and Bible schools, building, renovating and rebuilding after disasters.
Teams work on independent projects that apply the course principles.
Teams work on independent projects that apply the principles.
Teams work on interface design and task analysis assignment.
Teams work on projects and assignments at a distance.
Teams work on service projects with the community for eight to ten weeks over the summer.
Teams work on their own to develop question responses.
Teams work on their presentations.
Teams work side by side with Congolese health professionals, in a climate of urgency and insecurity.
Teams work so well for two reasons.
Teams work to care.
Teams work to complete a design project from proposal to presentation.
Teams work to learn the facts of the case and create strategies for trial.
Teams work to understand diversity issues, develop goals, and coordinate diversity activities.
Teams work together and follow a curriculum for the school year.
Teams work together on curriculum driven events and students' successes.
Teams work together to analyze practices and enterprises, and present alternatives to farm owners.
Teams work together to answer as many questions as possible within a given time limit.
Teams work together to answer questions, and after each round one contestant is voted off the team.
Teams work together to cut out and match the pictures with the corresponding cards.
Teams work together to design their vehicle.
Teams work together to discuss solutions.
Teams work together to fulfill the objectives specified in the proposal.
Teams work toward common goals, promoting a sense of ownership of the results.
Teams work two days each week.
Teams work when the purpose is larger than any of the individuals.
Teams work with customers.
Teams work with engineers assigned to support their learning.
Teams work with industry leaders.
Teams work with leaders.
Teams work with one person and, if the chemistry is right, two mentors can do a better job than one.
Teams work with owners.
Teams work with parent coaches and then enter local competition.
Teams work with the community to plan and implement service projects during their stay.
Teams work within themselves to determine roles.
Teams work, but they take a lot of work to work right.
Teams working in consort can collaborate and produce better code, usually faster.
Teams working on applied projects can consist of both business and computer science students.
Teams working on projects suddenly break up.
Teams working on software process improvement learn how to implement changes in their organizations.
Teams working on two independant consulting projects with similar attributes can now collaborate.
Teams write a final draft of the document that describes their project.
Teams write complete sets of rules and produce visually attractive game boards.
Teams frequently accomplish more than individuals can alone.
Teams often blunder when they get rid of players for issues unrelated to their athletic performance.
Teams often choose to have a potluck or go out for coffee together.
Teams often create their own homemade t-shirts with logos.
Teams often fail to take of because of bureaucratic structure.
Teams often flourish with that mentality.
Teams often go from producing no useful products to producing the maximum number of useful products.
Teams often go to great lengths to put up a good show.
Teams often have good reasons for design choices they've made.
Teams often have their own mascots and mottos, which offer students a sense of belonging.
Teams often hold things back during the exhibition season.
Teams often leave spring training with an odd assortment of players.
Teams often play on baseball outfields converted to soccer fields.
Teams often race in blinding blizzards.
Teams often take several students along to assist the doctors, dentists, and nurses.
Teams often train together, and a spirit of camaraderie is encouraged by coaches.
Teams often travel to other communities for tournaments.
Teams often use five or six receivers.
Team sometimes reaches consensus.
Teams sometimes like to project linebackers to safeties and vice-versa.
Teams usually charter only one bus because a lot of players walk or take cabs to the ballpark.
Teams usually come in one day a week.
Teams usually compete from USA, Canada and Europe.
Teams usually consist of four members plus a fifth to serve as an alternate.
Teams usually consist of three or four students with backgrounds that compliment one another.
Teams usually consist of three players.
Teams usually enter tournaments which are often held on holiday weekends.
Teams usually feel more comfortable in their own surroundings.
Teams usually get the opportunity to play one or two games per week.
Teams usually go out for lunch afterwards.
Teams usually go through stages as they develop into a cohesive unit.
Teams usually involve computer science majors in the fall.
Teams usually meet to carpool.
Teams usually organize one to two months before league play starts.
Teams usually pick the low groove to pass.
Teams usually play a certain number of ends.
Teams usually play each other in series of three or four games at a time.
Teams usually play once a week on a designated night.
Teams usually play twice a week.
Teams usually serve three times a year for a month at a time.
Teams usually sign three to four players as a result of the free agent tryouts.
Teams usually sit opposite to each other, with the heads of delegations sitting eye to eye.
Teams usually travel to two or more tournaments per season.
Teams usually use two cornerbacks, one on each side of the field.
Teams usually wait until the record is well under sea level before gassing the coach.
All teams advance through various phases leading to a can-do spirit.
All teams advance to a single elimination playoff.
All teams advance to the elimination round.
All teams also involve the family in varying ways and degrees.
All teams appear to be enthusiastic about the work at hand.
All teams are available.
All teams are capable of improvement.
All teams are Catholic.
All teams are close in quality because of the draft, player trades, etc.
All teams are co ed.
All teams are coed.
All teams are co-ed.
All teams are dual gendered.
All teams are eligible for post season play.
All teams are eligible.
All teams are exceptionally talented and exhibit great sportsmanship.
All teams are from private clubs.
All teams are from the United States unless otherwise noted by the appropriate flag.
All teams are full.
All teams are open to any student.
All teams are responsible for a team color and game jersey.
All teams are responsible for checking into the final PC immediately after finishing the event.
All teams are responsible for keeping their spectator as well as their team areas clean and neat.
All teams are responsible for providing the tools necessary to assemble their individual vehicles.
All teams are responsible for removing all trash generated by the team.
All teams are responsible for their entry fees.
All teams are responsible for their own insurance.
All teams are responsible for their own preparation.
All teams are responsible for their own travel to and from Atlanta.
All teams are responsible for their spectators.
All teams are responsible for trash removal and pickup after the game.
All teams are responsible to provide volunteers for all meets.
All teams are similar in competition.
All teams are still in strong positions in their respective divisions after the games.
All teams are to have on hand at all times a professional thermometer.
All teams are to monitor and guide their teammates through the course.
All teams are to use the name they sanctioned under.
All teams are to work with their assigned attorney-advisors in preparing their cases.
All teams are welcome and all the information is posted on the site.
All teams are welcome to play.
All teams are welcome to submit news items to be posted here.
All teams are welcome.
All teams argue the same case.
All teams arrive during the morning preventing any time for the officials to relax.
All teams attend championships.
All teams attend the championship, with seeding based on regular season standings.
All teams begin at the same time.
All teams begin in the tunnel to the dam.
All teams begin their assigned tasks.
All teams believe they are special during training camp.
All teams can enter their draft one hour before their scheduled draft time.
All teams can send a maximum of three men and three women cross-country skiers to the championships.
All teams carry a point value.
All teams compete in every round.
All teams compete in the playoffs.
All teams compete in the same class.
All teams compete.
All teams complete their experiments, recording data and preparing a lab report.
All teams complete together, one game at a time.
All teams consist of a combination of international aid workers and Turkish doctors.
All teams count the best five out of six scores for the conference tournament.
All teams define critical processes for first time.
All teams develop a set of roles and norms over time.
All teams do at some point.
All teams do that.
All teams earn twenty-five, twenty, fifteen, ten, five, or one point in each event.
All teams encounter the same pitfalls, and some fall right in.
All teams experience a shortage of resources .
All teams experience a shortage of resources.
All teams face daily challenges from competition and customers.
All teams face frustrating points during their season.
All teams get a chance to be both dragon and dragon slayers.
All teams get injuries during the year.
All teams get one radio each and are place out of site of one another.
All teams go through very predictable phases.
All teams have a good chance.
All teams have daily updated homework hotlines to obtain current assignments.
All teams have double chance.
All teams have Heath's Grammar and Composition for the study of grammar and usage and composition.
All teams have individuals, and even units of a team, that practices some skills alone.
All teams have less than ten members.
All teams have one match remaining.
All teams have standards for using benefit time.
All teams have telephone, fax and email facilities.
All teams have the option of exiting the race at any time.
All teams have the original players from that year.
All teams have the same starting point, destination, and budget, but different airplanes.
All teams have the same won-loss record.
All teams have to do it to be a championship team.
All teams have to pay a registration fee.
All teams have today off.
All teams have two practices included in the registration fee.
All teams have unique requirements.
All teams leave.
All teams make mistakes.
All teams make the playoffs provided that no forfeits have occurred.
All teams manage power both inside and outside the team.
All teams meet quarterly.
All teams most cover the teased spread to win the bet.
All teams owe for the second league fundraiser.
All teams participate in outside shows and events throughout the year.
All teams participate in spontaneous problems that require quick verbal and hands-on responses.
All teams participate in the tournament.
All teams participate in WIAA tournaments.
All teams pick names and are given a copy of the rules and regulations.
All teams play all other teams in a season .
All teams play all other teams in a season.
All teams play at least three games.
All teams play in a league.
All teams play in camp tournament .
All teams play in leagues.
All teams play in the evenings.
All teams play in the KISS Tournament because TKO is now the host organization.
All teams play seven games and the bracket winners and the top teams advance to the playoffs.
All teams play the same question at the same time within an allotted timeframe.
All teams play three games in the opening round.
All teams practice after school, twice a week.
All teams present a phase summary.
All teams present and accounted for.
All teams present orally.
All teams present the same case.
All teams present their slide show.
All teams qualify directly into the regional tournament.
All teams qualify for playoffs.
All teams qualify for the playoffs.
All teams qualify provided they submit their entry on time.
All teams receive a feedback form with comments from the three judges.
All teams receive commemorative stickers and a certificate to copy for participants.
All teams receive one split hour practice, ten league games and at least one playoff game.
All teams receive T-shirts with their registration.
All teams receive written evaluations of their design packages.
All teams report in full uniform.
All teams require commitment.
All teams require communication, trust and teamwork.
All teams retain the intellectual property of their applications.
All teams return to the classroom as soon as all stations have been marked.
All teams return to their assigned tasks.
All teams save one made a profit.
All teams start a league as equals, with a squad of players of roughly the same skill.
All teams start at zero at the start of the season.
All teams start with a clean slate and hope for a promising season.
All teams start with no points.
All teams submit a group research paper at the end of both mini-projects.
All teams supply their own umpires.
All teams take the test at the same time.
All teams talk about playing hard.
All teams transport in the helicopter, fixed wing aircraft and ground transport.
All teams travel to at least one tournament out of Colorado for competition.
All teams use the same leased engine.
All teams wear the same shorts that are blue with orange trimmings.
All teams welcome walk-on players.
All teams welcome.
All teams work from the same rule book.
All teams write charters that state their purpose, objectives, and timeline for completion.
Any team can apply for a web site.
Any team can be a scary team.
Any team can beat another on any given night.
Any team can beat any other on any given day.
Any team can beat any other team.
Any team can beat any team on a given day.
Any team can beat anyone else.
Any team can claim players off another's practice squad.
Any team can claim possession.
Any team can enter league competition.
Any team can enter the Advanced level without having earned any titles.
Any team can get hot on one day or over two days and win it.
Any team can knock off anyone else.
Any team can line up and beat the other on any day.
Any team can look good on film.
Any team can lose a match.
Any team can make the Super Bowl.
Any team can participate who satisfies roster requirements.
Any team can play one great game.
Any team can run a hook and ladder with a sissy lateral.
Any team can win any game on any day.
Any team can win any given week.
Any team can win it each year.
Any team can win on any given day.
Any team can win on any given night.
Any team can win prize money, regardless of the makeup of the team.
Any team can.
Any team has the potential to win the championship.
Any team is beatable in there.
Any team is beatable.
Any team make make any number of offers to any number of players.
Any team needs it.
Any team playing team X on a given day has the day off.
Any team playing with an ineligible member loses all rights to protest a game on any basis.
Any team playing with an ineligible person loses all rights to protest a game on any basis.
Any team wanting to use the building for an event is able too.
Any team witnessing another team in obvious distress is compelled to render all assistance possible.
Every team usually has some unique design to display the character of the team.
Every team also needs a motivator, a believer, and a spark.
Every team believes it has that chance or it has no chance.
Every team can offer a battle in the West.
Every team can use a fabricator.
Every team can use a morale booster once in a while.
Every team can use somebody that can shoot.
Every team carries logos.
Every team cherishes big corners who can hit and have coverage skills.
Every team controls their own destiny.
Every team currently has a coach.
Every team deals with some adversity.
Every team declares a team-manager .
Every team does during the course of a season.
Every team does it to some degree and some definitely more than others.
Every team does, however, know exactly where the goal line lies.
Every team does.
Every team faces it adversity.
Every team feels a sense of urgency.
Every team fields at least two levels of competition.
Every team gets a local guide that takes care of team.
Every team gets better.
Every team gets five or six duals depending on where they fall in the pool.
Every team gets in a funk.
Every team gets injuries with differning levels of impact.
Every team gets the same ceiling, and the ability to spend that money as they see fit.
Every team goes into the tournament with the same chance.
Every team goes through a period where things aren t fitting together.
Every team goes through adversity.
Every team goes through cycles of good times and bad times.
Every team goes through it.
Every team goes through that because no team is a bottomless pit.
Every team goes through that.
Every team has a certain amount of leaders and followers.
Every team has a certain apparatus in handling crowd noise.
Every team has a chance to go to the playoffs.
Every team has a chance.
Every team has a couple of great basketball players.
Every team has a different personality.
Every team has a fair chance to win.
Every team has a favourite place away from home.
Every team has a few front-line pitchers and some good position players.
Every team has a few players who can handle the puck.
Every team has a guy that another team has given up on.
Every team has a hustle player.
Every team has a legitimate shot when that first whistle blows.
Every team has a link to a page giving basic club details.
Every team has a medic and at least three to four other teammates.
Every team has a new look, a new attitude, maybe a few new wrinkles in the offense.
Every team has a real chance to win.
Every team has a reason for being and that s different for every team.
Every team has a roster.
Every team has a rough schedule at some point and time.
Every team has a shot at winning it.
Every team has a special personality.
Every team has a stadium to host their home games.
Every team has a story, and every story involves a lesson and purpose.
Every team has a unique style, unique strengths, and unique weaknesses.
Every team has a variety of players with different abilities.
Every team has a water entrance and a detpackable grate.
Every team has an assigned supervisor with whom the team makes a project plan.
Every team has an opportunity to go up to the hospital and visit together.
Every team has at least a couple of gamblers.
Every team has at least one extra-inning victory.
Every team has at least one major flaw.
Every team has at least three members.
Every team has bad contracts.
Every team has bad nights sometimes.
Every team has games when the edge is a bit dull and the legs a little heavy.
Every team has goals once they start the season.
Every team has goals.
Every team has good goalies.
Every team has guys like that.
Every team has hits and misses in the draft.
Every team has one commander who can give orders to players via a top down zoomed out screen.
Every team has one.
Every team has players that have made mistakes off the field.
Every team has players who are just waiting for their opportunity.
Every team has problems.
Every team has qualified persons for the maintenance of the players.
Every team has room for improvement.
Every team has rumors.
Every team has several prospects that have a chance to make an impact.
Every team has some good players spread in among the great ones.
Every team has something they have to do to win the game.
Every team has something to prove.
Every team has strengths.
Every team has support members, some pray, give money, provide accommodations etc.
Every team has that one person who competes with all they have.
Every team has that.
Every team has their little things they like to do in practice.
Every team has their own play book that reflects their type of style.
Every team has things to work on.
Every team has to determine, which player of a team plays what format.
Every team has to earn a place to score.
Every team has to have two tough guys.
Every team has to overcome injuries.
Every team has weaknesses.
Every team have their own way of managing a race.
Every team here is a major.
Every team includes a director, and the directors are active team participants.
Every team is a good team.
Every team is a melting pot.
Every team is all but dead, but every stadium is still standing.
Every team is always in the process of rebuilding.
Every team is at it.
Every team is capable of beating any team on any given night.
Every team is capable of winning and contending for the title at any time.
Every team is competitive.
Every team is dangerous.
Every team is different and each requires a specific emphasis.
Every team is different.
Every team is equal, no wins and no losses.
Every team is good and any team can make a comeback.
Every team is good.
Every team is guaranteed a minimum of three games.
Every team is guaranteed at least one playoff game.
Every team is guaranteed four games.
Every team is here represented by a property.
Every team is improved.
Every team is in action, with the exception of the teams receiving byes.
Every team is led by a lay member of the congregation.
Every team is out to battle.
Every team is quite well balanced.
Every team is reborn.
Every team is responsible for bringing their own game ball.
Every team is responsible for knowing and following the rules.
Every team is so strong from here on out.
Every team is tough because they are the best eight teams.
Every team is tough to beat.
Every team is tough.
Every team is treated the same.
Every team is undefeated, and optimism reigns supreme.
Every team is very good, and can beat any other team on any given day.
Every team is vulnerable.
Every team is well organized.
Every team knows it can defeat the West's best representative.
Every team learns a lot from the experience.
Every team likes to know that they are capable of an offensive burst in the playoffs.
Every team looks to be much improved.
Every team loses a match now and then.
Every team makes adjustments.
Every team makes it to the playoffs which are set up in single elimination format.
Every team makes playoffs.
Every team meets for a forty minute planning session each day.
Every team needs a clutch performer, a person who comes up with the big play at the right time.
Every team needs a consistent player like that in the hole.
Every team needs a couple of guys who can shoot par consistently.
Every team needs a couple of players like that, but for captaincy different qualities are required.
Every team needs a focal point.
Every team needs a good backup goalie, quarterback, or pitcher ready to play at any moment.
Every team needs a good offense and defense.
Every team needs a go-to guy.
Every team needs a guy to mix things up.
Every team needs a head coach and, if possible, an assistant coach.
Every team needs a high point.
Every team needs a leader to provide vision and direction.
Every team needs a leader.
Every team needs a little Jersey in it.
Every team needs a name.
Every team needs a player like that.
Every team needs a quality batter to step to the plate.
Every team needs a rulebook.
Every team needs a spitter.
Every team needs an administrator.
Every team needs another team that is a pain in the butt.
Every team needs at least one head coach and one team manager.
Every team needs each member to lead at some time or another.
Every team needs good leaders.
Every team needs one frontman with such a single-mind.
Every team needs to compete both on and off the field.
Every team needs to grow.
Every team needs to see a box score.
Every team now has a new context menu entry which sends a quit request to selected team.
Every team playes one another in a series of ten minute matches.
Every team playing is a bonafide quality team, and information is readily availiable.
Every team plays eight conference games.
Every team plays every other team exactly once.
Every team plays more defensively on the road.
Every team plays three games.
Every team plays through injuries.
Every team plays with every other.
Every team practices the physical fundamentals required to play the game.
Every team presents different challenges.
Every team presses at different times, passes with different ideas.
Every team probably feels they have a gripe against some ref or other.
Every team receives an identical pack of unknown items.
Every team s different.
Every team seems to have a quality player without a supporting cast.
Every team selects one player per round until their roster is full.
Every team sets the goal before the season to win the championship.
Every team shows up.
Every team steps up their play, especially experienced teams.
Every team still has a chance to win out and make it to Atlanta.
Every team strives for one common goal, and that is to win the National Cup competition.
Every team suffers through injuries.
Every team thinks like that going in.
Every team traps, but that team traps.
Every team uses different terms to call plays so it was nothing new to learn some new terminology.
Every team wants it.
Every team wants to get off to a fast start.
Every team wants to get off to a good start.
Every team wants to win a national championship and get a ring.
Every team wants to win now, but every team also wants to win next year.
Every team wins a few, and loses a few.
Every team works best when the members of the team have clearly defined and understood roles.
Every team works on two mini-research projects.
Every team's a different team.
Many teams advance and win because of luck.
Many teams allow fans to bring their own food into the stadiums.
Many teams also have a jester who tries to foil the performance.
Many teams also hire a mental game coach to help the team excel.
Many teams also travel extensively to play or train.
Many teams are a possibility.
Many teams are accustomed to evaluate their performance systematically and regularly.
Many teams are already in new stadiums, or have plans on the drawing board.
Many teams are capable of finding starting players in the fourth through seventh rounds.
Many teams are coed.
Many teams are consortiums of multiple universities.
Many teams are driven by time to market, so students immediately interact with marketing and sales.
Many teams are fairly strict about having plays go from handler to handler to middle to deep.
Many teams are lax in their devotion to the kicking game and special teams play in general.
Many teams are still in place from the past few years.
Many teams assign specific roles to some team members before they get to the competition site.
Many teams begin their work all charged up and highly focused on the mission at hand.
Many teams bite it and it's a tough trek to reach the run, but they all made it down safely.
Many teams can have the same idea, but it's the best team that gets capital.
Many teams choose to do different things with their personnel as they prepare for nationals.
Many teams claim to have three scoring lines, but Pittsburgh truly does.
Many teams compete for the highest ranking.
Many teams continually rank among the country's best in their respective sport.
Many teams design and build vehicles, but never go through the engineering process formally.
Many teams design their own T-shirt for outdoor activities.
Many teams develop severe problems meeting quality goals and deadlines.
Many teams didn t get very far since each jumper wanted to go at their own pace.
Many teams do crime scene evidence search.
Many teams encourage indoor soccer during the winter and attendance at summer soccer camps.
Many teams enlist the help of a team doctor.
Many teams face obstacles to increasing revenue.
Many teams find electronic mail to be far more useful in the endgame than in the middle game.
Many teams focus too much on developing measures that are internally focused.
Many teams get off to a slow start, but end up finishing strong.
Many teams get together for camping trips in the summer for conditioning and to build team spirit.
Many teams give players psychological tests with bizarre non-football questions included.
Many teams go as far as to have their own liveries.
Many teams go to great lengths to make an effort to get to a game on time.
Many teams have a name, logo, and tee-shirts.
Many teams have evening meetings, so plan to make a day of it.
Many teams have nearly as many walk-ons as scholarship players.
Many teams have one high school partner, while others choose to have two or more.
Many teams have philosophies, yet few succeed in execution.
Many teams have players that play on two teams in their programs.
Many teams have similar talents, skills, and abilities.
Many teams have their own planes and pilots.
Many teams involve producers, agency members and clientele in their discussions.
Many teams keep individual statistics on their players.
Many teams lack focus or direction and become frustrated with practice.
Many teams lack focus or direction and become frustratedwith practice.
Many teams like to book motel rooms here to give the runners a break.
Many teams like to have their team photo on the web.
Many teams like to switch defenses from a pressing situation.
Many teams lose some incentive after winning a national championship.
Many teams make their season beating the Super Bowl champs.
Many teams meet in the morning before school or in the afternoons.
Many teams now have firesuits for the fueler and rear-tire changer.
Many teams play box out of bounds.
Many teams play the match-up because they are neither a good man or zone team.
Many teams play two seasons a year, so leave room to give larger trophies in the future.
Many teams present a strong case.
Many teams raise funds with scrip programs to offset club dues.
Many teams rely on their quarterback to make the right call.
Many teams represent towns, churches, service clubs, and businesses.
Many teams rest in one area .
Many teams retire numbers of important players who used to play for their team .
Many teams retire numbers of important players who used to play for their team.
Many teams run a box and use a screen the screener principle to get a player open.
Many teams send out the roster quarterly or on another regular basis.
Many teams spend all their time and fund raising efforts working for just one national competition.
Many teams state they are still under a state of development regarding their advocacy planning.
Many teams still feel they are out of contention even before the season begins.
Many teams submit an informal snapshot posed in performing costumes or warm-ups.
Many teams suffer from the hot weather conditions occuring in Spain.
Many teams suppress individualism because team-work and individual initiative seem incompatible.
Many teams tailor their teams around their ballpark's characteristics.
Many teams take longer, depending on how tight court time is.
Many teams take their names and logos from the place they are located.
Many teams travel to tournaments in Southern California and occasionally out of state.
Many teams use it to get focused for the day.
Many teams use race-day only pit crew members.
Many teams use the tournament as a recruiting tool.
Many teams work together for just a week or two.
More teams adopt it each week.
More teams are available, call for more information.
More teams are in contention for play-off spots at season s end, so there are fewer easy games.
More teams are teal than yellow.
More teams can play by adding more beads and more boards.
More teams form as work flows through to testers.
Most teams usually have their members chip in to defray costs.
Most team runs.
Most team saves.
Most team use the quarterback and the holder for the kick.
Most team wins.
Most teams achieve victories.
Most teams adopt approaches.
Most teams adopt differentiation strategies.
Most teams adopt strategies.
Most teams agree.
Most teams already have their drivers and crew members lined up for the upcoming campaign.
Most teams also feature team logo on left sleeve.
Most teams also play indoor during the winter.
Most teams announce the good crowds with the bad.
Most teams appoint members.
Most teams are capable of beating the Vikings.
Most teams are from Seattle public and private schools, while others come from nearby cities.
Most teams are full, but some have a few openings.
Most teams are in cap trouble, the majority.
Most teams are just worried about their pitcher throwing strikes.
Most teams are mixed, with both females and males.
Most teams are proficient in basic land search skills, the backbone of every search.
Most teams are self-correcting systems.
Most teams are still available.
Most teams are very competitive and want to succeed.
Most teams are very good at home.
Most teams assume responsibility.
Most teams become more productive and creative as the members learn how to work together.
Most teams begin approaches.
Most teams build from their individuals up.
Most teams can only dream about winning a state championship.
Most teams can, however, agree on certain basic points.
Most teams choose a geographical name.
Most teams come up with the same list.
Most teams compete at least at one tournament, their regional tournament.
Most teams compete in the local leagues.
Most teams compete in the Western Athletic Conference.
Most teams complete activities.
Most teams complete follow procedures.
Most teams complete procedures.
Most teams complete tasks.
Most teams compose of experts.
Most teams conduct activities.
Most teams conduct analyses.
Most teams conduct experiments.
Most teams conduct fundraiser activities to defray the cost of equipment and travel.
Most teams conduct needs assessments to determine the best way to define their project goals.
Most teams conduct scale experiments.
Most teams consider a bowl trip a reward for a good season.
Most teams consist of members.
Most teams consist of representatives.
Most teams consist of team members.
Most teams create responses.
Most teams deliver services.
Most teams determine factors.
Most teams determine other factors.
Most teams develop protocols.
Most teams do battles.
Most teams do careful analyses.
Most teams do great jobs.
Most teams do jobs.
Most teams do.
Most teams don t have five starters that can score.
Most teams draft an offensive line and hope they mesh as a unit.
Most teams enter the draft with a set salary allocation between hitters and pitchers.
Most teams examine images.
Most teams fail to reach the performance peak, crashing instead on the rocks of conflict.
Most teams find purposes.
Most teams find roles.
Most teams find that flowcharts open their eyes as to how processes are actually happening.
Most teams find variability.
Most teams focus on customer experience.
Most teams focus on deliver results.
Most teams focus on experience.
Most teams focus on results.
Most teams follow certain guidelines.
Most teams follow guidelines.
Most teams gear up for the conference season by dominating overmatched opponents.
Most teams get facilities.
Most teams get indoor facilities.
Most teams get indoor practice facilities.
Most teams get practice facilities.
Most teams go on deputation to help raise the money for the trip.
Most teams go through predictable stages of team development.
Most teams have a very rigid structure and become surprisingly predictable.
Most teams have advice.
Most teams have an administrator, a counselor, a school nurse, and one or more teachers.
Most teams have an endzone tactic that they use on offence.
Most teams have at least one player out for various reasons.
Most teams have attitude.
Most teams have bones.
Most teams have business.
Most teams have designs.
Most teams have different cars specifically designed for speedway race tracks.
Most teams have expertise.
Most teams have experts.
Most teams have games.
Most teams have group rates.
Most teams have ideas.
Most teams have just a couple of legitimate half-court scorers.
Most teams have knowledge.
Most teams have leaders.
Most teams have limits.
Most teams have many black players.
Most teams have many different price categories and offer discounts to children, seniors and groups.
Most teams have mediocre or bad teams that have overpaid or underachieving players.
Most teams have members who possess skills in more than just the team specialty.
Most teams have methods.
Most teams have more hitters than pitchers.
Most teams have more than one crew.
Most teams have multiple ''go-to'' options in the forward line.
Most teams have necessary knowledge.
Most teams have neck bones.
Most teams have one or two guys like that.
Most teams have one practice and one game each week, with a tryout required.
Most teams have options.
Most teams have other vital parts in place to remain intact.
Most teams have players.
Most teams have rules.
Most teams have several top players.
Most teams have specialists.
Most teams have sufficient information among their members to arrive at good decisions.
Most teams have superstars.
Most teams have sustainable business.
Most teams have technical knowledge.
Most teams have their captain selected through the democratic process of voting.
Most teams have third basemen who swing for the fences and are payed to drive in runs.
Most teams have three members, although the first year had one team with four members.
Most teams have two or three teachers working together.
Most teams have two runs out of the shotgun.
Most teams have two scoring lines and two grinders.
Most teams have verbal leaders, men who do the talking for the group.
Most teams help education.
Most teams help operations.
Most teams help outcomes.
Most teams help successful outcomes.
Most teams help the players find housing and work during the two month season.
Most teams hire specialists.
Most teams hold activities.
Most teams hold educational activities.
Most teams implement experiments.
Most teams involve in production.
Most teams issue statements.
Most teams know what they want to spend.
Most teams look for headhunters on defense.
Most teams lose weight.
Most teams maintain positions.
Most teams make appearances.
Most teams make at least one trip to another region each season.
Most teams make contributions.
Most teams make decisions.
Most teams make improvement.
Most teams make major contributions.
Most teams make observations.
Most teams make progress.
Most teams make recommendations.
Most teams make transitions.
Most teams meet daily in the beginning while students master the case method.
Most teams meet once or twice each month .
Most teams meet once or twice per month.
Most teams meet twice a week for games.
Most teams never learn how to openly share weaknesses.
Most teams now are pretty good.
Most teams offer peace.
Most teams offer solutions.
Most teams only play two or three bench guys.
Most teams open with a spring trip and many play teams that are outdoors for the first time as well.
Most teams operate very close to the top of the salary cap.
Most teams participate in bowl games.
Most teams participate in games.
Most teams participate in league playoffs in addition to two tournaments during the season.
Most teams pass through four distinct phases.
Most teams play defense.
Most teams play games.
Most teams play in the gym or the surrounding campus area.
Most teams play once a week, and contest are scheduled during the late afternoon and evening hours.
Most teams play too many tournament games anyway.
Most teams practice defense against the normal set systems.
Most teams practice twice a day - once in the early morning and once in the afternoon.
Most teams practice twice a week.
Most teams prefer to customize their discs with their club logo.
Most teams prefer to receive player resumes.
Most teams prepare solutions.
Most teams produce conflict evidence.
Most teams produce evidence.
Most teams provide analyses.
Most teams provide attention.
Most teams provide care.
Most teams provide food.
Most teams provide information.
Most teams provide management.
Most teams provide more services than the response to new incidents.
Most teams provide suggestions.
Most teams provide valuable suggestions.
Most teams pursue concepts.
Most teams raise much more than the minimum by making fundraising a joint effort.
Most teams reach goals.
Most teams really don t have a good charter.
Most teams rebuild meekly.
Most teams receive bags.
Most teams receive confidential information.
Most teams receive information.
Most teams recommend goals.
Most teams record the sides by working clockwise around the claim.
Most teams rely on their shortstop to be their best defensive player.
Most teams report results.
Most teams require aerobic workouts.
Most teams require managers.
Most teams require no previous experience.
Most teams require regular aerobic workouts.
Most teams require regular workouts.
Most teams require workouts.
Most teams respond to incidents.
Most teams return their top two wide outs.
Most teams review designs, review source code, and test compiled code.
Most teams rotate every twenty to thirty minutes.
Most teams rotate the responsibility of keeping minutes among members.
Most teams save it as a gimmick.
Most teams see positive results.
Most teams see results.
Most teams sell early playoff matches as part of their season, or multi-match, ticket packages.
Most teams serve between one and two weeks, in addition to travel time to and from the field.
Most teams share knowledge.
Most teams spend most of the year getting their hardware to run.
Most teams start out as clubs and attain varsity status.
Most teams start out ok, and then drift away from their original goals and eventually fall apart.
Most teams stay in community buildings, two to four to a room.
Most teams struggle with completing assignments.
Most teams study salamanders.
Most teams submit multiple attempts as the night progresses.
Most teams switch.
Most teams take care.
Most teams take different positions.
Most teams take great care.
Most teams take no kids.
Most teams take positions.
Most teams take tests.
Most teams take the first few games of their season before hitting their stride.
Most teams talk about ball control and maintaining the all-important running game.
Most teams think they can compete for conference championships despite many teams being young.
Most teams travel to their matches in large buses.
Most teams travel to tournaments in Southern California and occasionally out of state.
Most teams try to execute the -trap by having the players run straight up field.
Most teams try to figure out how to replace a key player or two.
Most teams try to shoot for second place.
Most teams undertake analyses.
Most teams undertake impact analyses.
Most teams undertake tasks.
Most teams use a basic set.
Most teams use a number code.
Most teams use analysis techniques.
Most teams use approaches.
Most teams use choices.
Most teams use classroom resources.
Most teams use creativity.
Most teams use either middle, sideline, forehand, or backhand force against the thrower.
Most teams use image techniques.
Most teams use novel analysis techniques.
Most teams use novel techniques.
Most teams use products.
Most teams use resources.
Most teams use similar approaches.
Most teams use techniques.
Most teams use technology.
Most teams use the same frequencies from race to race and year to year.
Most teams use the same numbering system to identify defensive positions.
Most teams use the traditional circle huddle.
Most teams wait until the end to figure out what they've learned.
Most teams wait until training camp to do any meaningful work on special teams.
Most teams wear uniforms.
Most teams work for two weeks.
Most teams work on special teams as practice winds down.
Most teams work to care.
Most teams work with customers.
Most teams work with dogs who have been specially trained to sniff out human scent.
Most teams work with industry leaders.
Most teams work with leaders.
Most teams work with owners.
Most teams write their goals on a chalkboard.
Some teams always seem to find a way to win.
Some team comes out of the woodwork and makes a run at the title every year.
Some team is in big trouble next round.
Some team learning links are still under construction.
Some team teaching takes place in classrooms that are primarily closed concept.
Some teams already have a team hauler and a test hauler.
Some teams also doctor their size stats to make a better impression on scouts.
Some teams also have room for make-up games because of all the early season rainouts.
Some teams also host high school invitationals with easier questions.
Some teams also offer counseling for the batterers.
Some teams also play in winter leagues and many play in various tournaments pre and post season.
Some teams are all-star teams that want more time together.
Some teams are coed.
Some teams are completely expats, completely Indonesian or mixed expat and Indonesian.
Some teams are construction teams, and others help with education.
Some teams are extremely popular and attract a large number of fans to their games.
Some teams are fortunate to have a few players of that caliber.
Some teams are just opposed to everything.
Some teams are led by chinese scientists.
Some teams are led by duke university scientists.
Some teams are led by ohio university scientists.
Some teams are led by partners.
Some teams are led by professors.
Some teams are led by researchers.
Some teams are led by scientists.
Some teams are lucky, others never are.
Some teams are more effective than others.
Some teams are more interested than others.
Some teams are national like Kansas and North Carolina.
Some teams are new and some have major weapons.
Some teams are ongoing.
Some teams are permanent, created to serve major customers and markets.
Some teams are small and have a tradition of being very supportive of each other.
Some teams are strong and some are very weak.
Some teams are very hyper, others almost too calm.
Some teams are very simple.
Some teams argue that they can capture the advantages of the permutation.
Some teams ask for monies from the player and their families, other use fund-raisers.
Some teams assist disaster victims.
Some teams assist victims.
Some teams begin physical therapy.
Some teams begin therapy.
Some teams bring flowers and other decorations.
Some teams build layer structures.
Some teams build structures.
Some teams can get it for one season, but it seems to be so fleeting, that edge, to hold onto it.
Some teams can handle a lot of information, others it just causes confusion.
Some teams can only play one way or only have the players to fulfil one style.
Some teams can really use the rest.
Some teams carry out tests.
Some teams choose easy opponents to have better records.
Some teams come out like balls of fire and fizzle.
Some teams come to the tournament and they're just glad to be there.
Some teams complete designs.
Some teams complicate things for themselves by constantly chopping and changing.
Some teams compose of officers.
Some teams conduct surveillance.
Some teams conduct tests.
Some teams consist of adults.
Some teams consist of climbers.
Some teams consist of hunters.
Some teams consist of medical technicians.
Some teams consist of men.
Some teams consist of scientists.
Some teams consist of second year students.
Some teams consist of students.
Some teams consist of technicians.
Some teams contribute more to the success of the tournament.
Some teams create habitats.
Some teams create images.
Some teams create kinds.
Some teams create pictures.
Some teams create sites.
Some teams deaffiliate because they prefer a different type of question.
Some teams decide to review norms at the beginning or end of each meeting.
Some teams defend well against the rush while other defend the rush better.
Some teams demonstrate ability.
Some teams demonstrate advantage.
Some teams demonstrate competitive advantage.
Some teams determine best methods.
Some teams determine designs.
Some teams determine logical designs.
Some teams determine methods.
Some teams determine technology.
Some teams develop products.
Some teams develop strategies.
Some teams discover degrees.
Some teams discover elephants.
Some teams discover molecular pathways.
Some teams discover pathways.
Some teams do better against other teams.
Some teams do evangelistic work, some do ministry, and others pray.
Some teams do gangbusters, some do nothing.
Some teams do just as well or even better.
Some teams do manual labor where it is needed.
Some teams do more fundraising than others are willing to do.
Some teams do that before the first TV timeout.
Some teams do that.
Some teams don t leave home for two weeks, while others don t see home for the same time frame.
Some teams dream of going to the Super Bowl, and some teams dream of winning the Super Bowl.
Some teams enjoy success.
Some teams enter tournaments prior to the beginning of the season.
Some teams even come in the morning before classes.
Some teams even get together for practice to hone their collective skills.
Some teams even go so far as to try to defuse a potentially violent situation.
Some teams even start out as yellow, but then get, uh, chicken and change to gold.
Some teams examine structures.
Some teams experience death.
Some teams face fate.
Some teams favor pitting in the middle even though they qualified real well.
Some teams find abnormalities.
Some teams find answers.
Some teams find carbon contamination.
Some teams find conditions.
Some teams find contamination.
Some teams find differences.
Some teams find different patterns.
Some teams find factors.
Some teams find issues.
Some teams find it late.
Some teams find lungs.
Some teams find patterns.
Some teams find resonance.
Some teams find significant issues.
Some teams focus on defects.
Some teams focus on investigation of cases and are based in a public agency rather than a hospital.
Some teams focus on products.
Some teams focus on tasks.
Some teams form after a successful team breaks up into two rival teams.
Some teams function well.
Some teams get calls.
Some teams get emergency calls.
Some teams get extra attention.
Some teams get or lose picks depending on free-agent signings.
Some teams give out towels or pompoms to wave.
Some teams give team photos to all participants.
Some teams go during the day and some in the evening.
Some teams go in expecting to win, and some go in hoping to keep it close.
Some teams go through coaches like they're flipping pancakes - turning over and over.
Some teams go to occasional out of town weekend tournaments in neighboring states.
Some teams handle an enormous amount of copy, while others do very little.
Some teams have a group cheer or huddle before heading onto the field.
Some teams have a little different look, but it is going to be a fun conference season.
Some teams have a preference on how tapes are sold.
Some teams have a tendancy to just pass the ball against the zone, hoping to get an open shot.
Some teams have a web page link.
Some teams have a window of opportunity and some clubs' window is more open than others.
Some teams have advantage.
Some teams have alternate uniforms.
Some teams have areas.
Some teams have backs.
Some teams have better chemistry because they have fantastic senior leadership.
Some teams have bi-lingual youth workers.
Some teams have chefs.
Some teams have definite styles, though.
Some teams have difficulty coming up with acceptance tests that are mechanically repeatable.
Some teams have difficulty obtaining nine and eight game schedules on an annual basis.
Some teams have golf carts pulling other carts.
Some teams have good players.
Some teams have it.
Some teams have large white boards which chart current results.
Some teams have momentum.
Some teams have no limit and can keep getting better as the year goes on.
Some teams have official coaches, while others are led by captains.
Some teams have only two while others have a dozen or more.
Some teams have rebuilding years.
Some teams have robots with very different capabilities.
Some teams have simple rigs, others have eye catching rigs which have living quarters as well.
Some teams have slight advantage.
Some teams have strong nicknames and weak logos.
Some teams have student coaches and team mascots.
Some teams have talent, others have heart.
Some teams have theories.
Some teams have to do that before they improve.
Some teams have trouble.
Some teams have two kickers, one to kick field goals and another to kick off.
Some teams have wealth.
Some teams have wet matches, that they can organize to play if they wish.
Some teams help business.
Some teams help colleges.
Some teams help life.
Some teams hold hands in the huddle.
Some teams hold workshops.
Some teams involve basketball.
Some teams just have a hex on certain division rivals.
Some teams just have other teams' numbers.
Some teams just relax and enjoy the beautiful surroundings.
Some teams keep the name when they move to a new city.
Some teams lack the quickness and the speed to be an effective run and jump team.
Some teams learn about dolphins.
Some teams learn about elephants.
Some teams like to practice before the season starts.
Some teams like to rent their own vans and stay in hotels.
Some teams like to run the ball more than pass.
Some teams live and die by the way of special teams.
Some teams lose friends.
Some teams lose the plot after a defeat.
Some teams make differences.
Some teams make discoveries.
Some teams make features.
Some teams make huge differences.
Some teams make images.
Some teams make it there primarily on offense, some on pitching, some on a wing and a prayer.
Some teams match up better with others.
Some teams measure only to the point of impact, rather than to the likely field-level landing point.
Some teams meet every other week for only a few hours.
Some teams meet weekly via telephone or e-mail, while others meet physically.
Some teams nowadays have that many trying out for tight end.
Some teams only come in once a year.
Some teams open bottles.
Some teams order pizza's or chicken and others have a pot-luck dinner.
Some teams pad the bar to the left of the driver's head.
Some teams participate in designs.
Some teams participate in tournament play.
Some teams participate purely for the fun of it, with no real concern about their finish time.
Some teams peak early.
Some teams perform analyses.
Some teams perform basic emergency procedures.
Some teams perform basic procedures.
Some teams perform emergency procedures.
Some teams perform procedures.
Some teams plan one game at a time.
Some teams play baseball.
Some teams play footballs.
Some teams play more physically than others.
Some teams play more than once.
Some teams play twice, but most play only one game.
Some teams possess dogs.
Some teams prefer to pass.
Some teams prefer to use a regular PC in their trailer with a long serial cable.
Some teams produce images.
Some teams produce maps.
Some teams produce results.
Some teams provide coaches.
Some teams provide evidence.
Some teams provide feedback.
Some teams provide input.
Some teams provide life coaches.
Some teams provide meals.
Some teams provide more.
Some teams provide products.
Some teams provide services.
Some teams publish journals.
Some teams pursue victory for what seems like eternity yet never achieve it.
Some teams put more of a priority on it than others.
Some teams reach for picks.
Some teams receive lavish grants from their administrations.
Some teams reduce playing time for players who miss practices or are consistently late.
Some teams release lists.
Some teams rely on their electronic equipment more at night.
Some teams repair chemical damage, while others work with radiation damage.
Some teams report designs.
Some teams report infection.
Some teams require more equipment than others as well.
Some teams respond to one and some to others.
Some teams rest their key people down the stretch.
Some teams rotate membership so that the tasks never become too onerous.
Some teams run motion on every play.
Some teams run the ball effectively, while others rely on the passing game.
Some teams say they just want to go rounds.
Some teams see evidence.
Some teams see habits.
Some teams see phenomena.
Some teams seem to be getting better picking up players, some teams just keep on rolling.
Some teams serve patients.
Some teams share best sources.
Some teams share sources.
Some teams show films.
Some teams show logic.
Some teams show plastic films.
Some teams show radiation.
Some teams shy away from broadcasting a majority of their home games.
Some teams sit together on the deck, so look for familiar faces.
Some teams specialize in trials.
Some teams start out slow but they pick it up at the end of the season.
Some teams study development.
Some teams study dolphins.
Some teams study elephants.
Some teams study heat.
Some teams study jellyfish.
Some teams support companies.
Some teams support educational events.
Some teams support events.
Some teams support several educational events.
Some teams take all comers, others are more serious and selective.
Some teams take approaches.
Some teams take different approaches.
Some teams take different routes of getting there.
Some teams take interactive approaches.
Some teams take intermediate steps.
Some teams take measurements.
Some teams take physiological measurements.
Some teams take steps.
Some teams take tips.
Some teams test yeast.
Some teams thread the following course material throughout the entire credential program.
Some teams train all year long.
Some teams train together on a daily basis.
Some teams travel to opposite coasts four times a year while others only travel cross-country twice.
Some teams try to ignore the disagreement.
Some teams try to put eight or nine guys in the box to stop our run.
Some teams try to specialize in one area.
Some teams use a small feeding plate for the baby to wear in the roof of the mouth.
Some teams use batteries.
Some teams use car batteries.
Some teams use designs.
Some teams use devices.
Some teams use four different blocking systems during matches.
Some teams use genetic screens.
Some teams use hand signals.
Some teams use information.
Some teams use input.
Some teams use Lotus Notes Database through the Internet.
Some teams use machine learning techniques.
Some teams use materials.
Some teams use measurements.
Some teams use methods.
Some teams use only one entry to begin play in a particular part of the court.
Some teams use quarterbacks with different styles.
Some teams use results from prior seasons for that motivation.
Some teams use screens.
Some teams use shoes.
Some teams use sorts.
Some teams use spike shoes.
Some teams use the same chassis over and others start over from the ground up.
Some teams use the tongue lip adhesion method to hold the tongue down.
Some teams use three and some teams use four linebackers.
Some teams use universities.
Some teams use water.
Some teams use words to motivate themselves.
Some teams visit scenes.
Some teams watch animals.
Some teams win, some lose, even in the same league, playing by the same rules.
Some teams work for years on specific problems with little to show for it.
Some teams work for years.
Some teams work from arcs rather than grids, making the estimators' jobs more difficult.
Some teams work more independently.
Some teams work to templates.
Some teams work with dolphins.
Teams awards go three deep and include a team plaque and medals for each member.
A teamster is a driver
Teamsters also haul away construction debris for proper disposal.
Teamsters also perform rigging work with forklifts.
Teamsters are civilians hired by the army.
Teamsters are drivers.
Teamsters are good citizens.
Teamsters are on the move again.
Teamsters are responsible for finding their own employment.
Teamsters are tired of pension trustees who ignore the concerns of working and retired members.
Teamsters carry the cigars to the dock.
Teamsters carry the tobacco to a cigar factory.
Teamsters charge awfully for hauling loads through that mud.
Teamsters deliver the goods.
Teamsters drive a variety of vehicles.
Teamsters represent many frozen seafood packers on the west coast.
Teamsters stand ready to organize workers who want to bargain collectively.
Teamsters support for general amnesty is less clear.
Teamsters support legislation to protect the right of workers to join a union.
Teamsters take care of our own.
Teamsters understand the intricacies of organizing and bargaining in the public sector.
Teamsters urge strike preparation.
Teamsters watch like hawks.
Teamsters work in every craft in the airline industry.
Teamsters work in top fields, in high wage, growth industries.
Most teamsters are familiar with the pole that attaches to the implement and swivels up and down.
Teamwork skills are excellent at the project, company, and industry-partner levels.
Teamwork skills are excellent.
Teamwork skills are important in the workplace and in the family.
Teamwork skills are less important in today's workplace than the workplace of fifty years ago.
Teamwork skills can enhance a new professional s chances in the job market.
Teamwork skills refers to the ability to work with others on the job to achieve best results.
Teamwork abounds in every aspect - business and industry, education, sports, and recreation.
Teamwork achieves success.
Teamwork affects how well the downline runs and how it gets new recruits.
Teamwork allows common people to attain uncommon results.
Teamwork allows common people to obtain uncommon results.
Teamwork allows more to be accomplished in less time.
Teamwork also builds job satisfaction.
Teamwork also contributes to a good working environment and boosts morale.
Teamwork also demands the ability to communicate in a group.
Teamwork becomes a very important skill.
Teamwork becomes more essential with each passing hour.
Teamwork begins at the local school with a partnership between the principal and parents.
Teamwork best describes our approach to student achievement and learning.
Teamwork builds a beautiful garden.
Teamwork builds confidence.
Teamwork builds loyalty, and loyalty builds profits.
Teamwork can also be a joining-together and sharing of knowledge and insights.
Teamwork can also be a valuable component of such work.
Teamwork can be beneficial, if all parties contribute.
Teamwork can exist independently of teams.
Teamwork can improve individual performance.
Teamwork can involve staff, volunteers, agencies, specialists and commercial firms.
Teamwork can only occur if barriers are reduced and communication is increased.
Teamwork can produce powerful results.
Teamwork changes everything.
Teamwork changes how employees relate with each other.
Teamwork combines our abilities exponentially.
Teamwork comes down to attitude.
Teamwork comes in handy here.
Teamwork Consider also the move towards teamwork in the workplace.
Teamwork continues to be the academy's motto.
Teamwork creates an environment that promotes the pursuit of excellence and client satisfaction.
Teamwork creates an incredible bond between people.
Teamwork creates safety solutions and a focus on effective communication.
Teamwork creates the mutual respect of our employees and clients.
Teamwork depends on cooperation, shared interests, and mutual concerns.
Teamwork divides the effort and multiplies the effect.
Teamwork divides the task and doubles the success.
Teamwork does have advantages when done properly.
Teamwork does it all the time.
Teamwork does mean breaking down the silos.
Teamwork enables our hunting strategy to adapt to the elusive nature of the mature bucks.
Teamwork encourages upper-level thinking as students share ideas, brainstorm, critique writing, etc.
Teamwork falls within the overall con- cept of groupwork.
Teamwork follows the dynamic path of group development.
Teamwork Fully integrate teams and teamwork into the company's operations, structure, and mission.
Teamwork gives everyone a chance to make a contribution.
Teamwork gives the company a good atmosphere.
Teamwork gives workers ownership.
Teamwork goes beyond our front door.
Teamwork goes beyond the anchors.
Teamwork has major emphasis.
Teamwork has to be developed in our school.
Teamwork helps a person develop a sense of objective success .
Teamwork helps break our isolation and expands our range of contacts.
Teamwork helps develop self-discipline, respect for authority and a rigorous work ethic.
Teamwork helps lighten the job.
Teamwork helps rural hospital rise to the occasion.
Teamwork helps to break down barriers between internal customers and suppliers.
Teamwork helps win verdicts.
Teamwork here is key.
Teamwork here is the key to our inviting success.
Teamwork improves as individuals begin to listen to and learn from each other.
Teamwork improves breast cancer management in the community.
Teamwork improves over time, through the experience of working together.
Teamwork improves quality, which is a personal choice.
Teamwork involves a sharing of oneself.
Teamwork involves two or more people working together on a task.
Teamwork is a beautiful thing.
Teamwork is a business, academic, and governmental concern.
Teamwork is a coordinated effort by a group of people for a common goal.
Teamwork is a cornerstone of our company.
Teamwork is a cornerstone of our foundation and every team needs players.
Teamwork is a critical avenue for getting things done.
Teamwork is a critical capability in many multi-agent environments.
Teamwork is a critical capability in multi-agent environments.
Teamwork is a critical component of that environment.
Teamwork is a critical skill both within the company and with customers or suppliers.
Teamwork is a crucial component in our ability to contribute positively to a search.
Teamwork is a crucial element.
Teamwork is a crucial part of every assignment.
Teamwork is a desirable feature when the instructor is coordinating several students.
Teamwork is a fact of life for effectiveness in business.
Teamwork is a fuel that allows common people to produce uncommon results.
Teamwork is a function of effective leadership and sponsorship.
Teamwork is a good thing.
Teamwork is a group of people working together to get a job done.
Teamwork is a group working together toward a common goal.
Teamwork is a highly valued skill in the workplace.
Teamwork is a huge aspect of the culture here at Ensemble.
Teamwork is a key element in turning the company around.
Teamwork is a key element of our culture.
Teamwork is a key operational tool more crucial to producing results today than ever before.
Teamwork is a key word to all the different facets of our research and publishing business.
Teamwork is a key.
Teamwork is a large part of the organization's approach to getting things done.
Teamwork is a lovely thing.
Teamwork is a major component of our approach and essential to our success.
Teamwork is a multiplayer game.
Teamwork is a necessity.
Teamwork is a part of television production.
Teamwork is a philosophy that promotes synergy.
Teamwork is a powerful concept.
Teamwork is a priority.
Teamwork is a process for results and objectives that are set.
Teamwork is a quality highly regarded because it is so valuable to the success of the team.
Teamwork is a reality of industry today.
Teamwork is a skill that requires training, practice, and evaluation.
Teamwork is a third key to motivating others.
Teamwork is a time-intensive process at the front end.
Teamwork is a two-way street.
Teamwork is a very desirable behavior among individuals with a common goal.
Teamwork is a very important aspect of high altitude climbing.
Teamwork is a vital component in the dynamics of each class.
Teamwork is a vital component of the learning process.
Teamwork is a vital essential for a full recovery.
Teamwork is a vital part of organizational life.
Teamwork is a vital part of the biotechnology industry, and it is unusual to work alone.
Teamwork is a vital part of the program.
Teamwork is a way of life at Rhino.
Teamwork is a way of life out in the real world.
Teamwork is a write-off.
Teamwork is about feelings.
Teamwork is absolutely essential.
Teamwork is achieved when the group members have a strong sense of belonging to the group.
Teamwork is also a big part of wrestling.
Teamwork is also a focus of the course, with the majority of assignments being team-based.
Teamwork is also a key for parents in providing their children a quality Christian education.
Teamwork is also a noun.
Teamwork is also a very important part of the work with the children themselves.
Teamwork is also critical during the initial procedure of injury management.
Teamwork is also critical.
Teamwork is also essential.
Teamwork is also important.
Teamwork is also integral to many sports.
Teamwork is also very important.
Teamwork is also vital.
Teamwork is always encouraged.
Teamwork is an acquired skill needed in today's world.
Teamwork is an activity that is a necessity in today's workplace.
Teamwork is an attitude . . .
Teamwork is an equitable workload.
Teamwork is an essential aspect of modern engineering projects.
Teamwork is an essential aspect of structural design.
Teamwork is an essential aspect of the military.
Teamwork is an essential component when developing a great ball club.
Teamwork is an essential component when developing a great product.
Teamwork is an essential constituant.
Teamwork is an essential element in electronic media production.
Teamwork is an essential element of public relations.
Teamwork is an essential in delivering good emergency care.
Teamwork is an essential part of a civil engineer's work.
Teamwork is an essential part of practical work.
Teamwork is an ideal in theological education.
Teamwork is an imperative in a flat, boundaryless organizational structure.
Teamwork is an important aspect of our daily life in project teams or dedicated task forces.
Teamwork is an important component of both our internal and external service delivery.
Teamwork is an important component of problem-based learning.
Teamwork is an important component of process learning.
Teamwork is an important ingredient in precision toolmaking.
Teamwork is an important part of our program.
Teamwork is an important way of achieving a company's goal.
Teamwork is an increasingly important concept in today's work place.
Teamwork is an integral element of computer assignments.
Teamwork is an integral part of the bank's culture.
Teamwork is an interesting way of determining the future.
Teamwork is another area to emphasize.
Teamwork is another aspect which our organizations strive to perfect.
Teamwork is another critically important skill.
Teamwork is another element of the new philanthropy.
Teamwork is another skill that's very important.
Teamwork is asynchronous for the most part as there are few times when the whole team is together.
Teamwork is at a high level.
Teamwork is at the core of our ability to serve clients effectively.
Teamwork is at the heart of our organization, both internally and externally.
Teamwork is big around here.
Teamwork is big too.
Teamwork is built on the open communication lines and the completion of assignments and projects.
Teamwork is cited as the key to understanding the experiments.
Teamwork is compatible with individuals who prefer to work alone, provided there is coordination.
Teamwork is cooperation at the highest level.
Teamwork is cooperation
Teamwork is cooperation.
Teamwork is cooperative behavior.
Teamwork is created measurable results.
Teamwork is critical as no individual titles are awarded.
Teamwork is critical for mission success.
Teamwork is critical here, for possums readily swap den holes.
Teamwork is critical in our business.
Teamwork is critical to integrate efforts at a secondary level.
Teamwork is critical to our success.
Teamwork is critical to the success of any publication.
Teamwork is critical.
Teamwork is crucial here and to build trust needs a two way process.
Teamwork is crucial in partnership exercises.
Teamwork is crucial.
Teamwork is defined as by working together, everyone achieves more.
Teamwork is defined.
Teamwork is definitely a huge part of it.
TeamWork is different.
Teamwork is emphasized among teachers as it is among students.
Teamwork is emphasized and encouraged, a very important part of the experience.
Teamwork is emphasized and practiced in a variety of hands-on activities.
Teamwork is emphasized as students are randomly assigned to groups for all of the course projects.
Teamwork is emphasized as well as individual progress.
Teamwork is emphasized in design and innovation.
Teamwork is emphasized, along with good customer service.
Teamwork is emphasized.
Teamwork is encouraged and students learn to work in groups to complete their projects.
Teamwork is encouraged as long as every team member learns the material.
Teamwork is encouraged in both real and ironic ways.
Teamwork is encouraged in the labs.
Teamwork is encouraged throughout the field guide.
Teamwork is encouraged, but star performers receive the bonuses.
Teamwork is encouraged.
Teamwork is enhanced by the ability to quickly arrive at a consensus opinion.
Teamwork is enhanced, paper shuffling is reduced, and deadlines become less of a problem to meet.
Teamwork is essential - it gives the other team multiple targets.
Teamwork is essential and can be fun.
Teamwork is essential and ensures success.
Teamwork is essential as well as self-discipline when working alone.
Teamwork is essential for accomplishing our goals.
Teamwork is essential for living in our communities and in the modern workplace.
Teamwork is essential for success.
Teamwork is essential for the ring to progress up the ice.
Teamwork is essential if an organisation hopes to achieve great results.
Teamwork is essential in accomplishing what needs to be done.
Teamwork is essential in glassblowing.
Teamwork is essential in military special forces.
Teamwork is essential in the lab.
Teamwork is essential in today's business.
Teamwork is essential to damage control, and each team is called a repair locker.
Teamwork is essential to effectively and efficiently complete the workload.
Teamwork is essential to maintaining accuracy and efficiency.
Teamwork is essential to meet today's complex law enforcement challenges.
Teamwork is essential to our continued success.
Teamwork is essential to our fiscal strategy.
Teamwork is essential to our success.
Teamwork is essential to success.
Teamwork is essential to survival.
Teamwork is essential to the case study.
Teamwork is essential to the performance of most sports teams.
Teamwork is essential to the success of every design project.
Teamwork is essential to the success of our clients and our company.
Teamwork is essential to the success of today's businesses and organizations.
Teamwork is essential to the team project.
Teamwork is essential when such a difficult task needs to be accomplished in such a short time.
Teamwork is essential, and rapid decision-making skills are important.
Teamwork is essential, it gives the enemy other people to shoot at.
Teamwork is essential, sometimes leading, sometimes following.
Teamwork is essential.
Teamwork is everything .
Teamwork is everything.
Teamwork is extremely important throughout the programme.
Teamwork is for the aristocrats, the dilettantes.
Teamwork is for the dogs.
Teamwork is for wimps.
Teamwork is fun when everyone's pulling together.
Teamwork is fun.
Teamwork is fundamental to the construction process and the keystone of our success.
Teamwork is fundamentally important to an organization.
Teamwork is great and the bots know where to go and what to do.
Teamwork is great, but turn in only one entry per school.
Teamwork is highly encouraged.
Teamwork is imperative.
Teamwork is important for people on deserted islands and for people in laboratories.
Teamwork is important in a big department.
Teamwork is important in getting the best health care.
Teamwork is important in the work place.
Teamwork is important in treating pemphigus.
Teamwork is important to Southern Maryland.
Teamwork is important to the public relations firm.
Teamwork is important, because musculoskeletal disorders are chronic.
Teamwork is important, but it is often difficult for team members to meet outside of class.
Teamwork is important.
Teamwork is increasingly important in the job market today.
Teamwork is increasingly important to ensure quality service to the public.
Teamwork is inherent in all decisionmaking concerning special education.
Teamwork is innovation.
Teamwork is involved in nearly every task onboard.
Teamwork is key in such a highly visible and active area.
Teamwork is key in television productions.
Teamwork is key to our success.
Teamwork is key to the success of any department.
Teamwork is key to the Touchstone staff and is reflected in our staff organization.
Teamwork is key.
Teamwork is likely to be poor.
Teamwork is mandatory and fitness is critical.
Teamwork is mandatory.
Teamwork is more profitable than solitary work, and mutual aid is a major asset.
Teamwork is more than collective play.
Teamwork is more than just a buzzword in engineering.
Teamwork is most effective where participative leadership is practiced.
Teamwork is necesary in most all sports.
Teamwork is necessary for students to engage in behavior that makes for successful problem solving.
Teamwork is necessary in the achievements of individuals and the company as a whole.
Teamwork is necessary to conduct emergency exercises.
Teamwork is necessary to do things greater than the individual.
Teamwork is necessary with discrete assignments provided to multiple lawyers on the large cases.
Teamwork is needed to complete today's and tomorrow's complex engineering projects.
Teamwork is needed to make ice cream.
Teamwork is no less important a concept.
Teamwork is normal and liaison with other functions is essential.
Teamwork is normal in the real world.
Teamwork is now pervasive within the company.
Teamwork is of utmost importance.
Teamwork is OK, but a team has to do more work than an individual.
Teamwork is one of our big strong points.
Teamwork is one of the basic principles of our organization.
Teamwork is one of the greater aspects of marching band.
Teamwork is one of the highest priorities of the county.
Teamwork is one of the most important activities for generating excellence in organizations.
Teamwork is one of the most important aspects of being in a group camping in the Alaska outback.
Teamwork is one of the most important skills in life.
Teamwork is one of the most important ways to win the battle against workplace injury and death.
Teamwork is one realm in which an understanding of learning theory can particularly pay off.
Teamwork is one thing, being a team is something else entirely.
Teamwork is one.
Teamwork is our goal for work and fun.
Teamwork is our key to success.
Teamwork is our theme and our goal and together everyone accomplishes more.
Teamwork is our way of life .
Teamwork is over-rated.
Teamwork is paramount, framed with openness and respect.
Teamwork is paramount.
Teamwork is part of human experience.
Teamwork is pathway to the top.
Teamwork is permitted.
Teamwork is personal involvement and collaboration in a team environment.
Teamwork is poor.
Teamwork is powerful and effective.
Teamwork is practiced using structured team-building exercises and discussions.
Teamwork is promoted throughout the agency, and conflict is resolved in productive ways.
Teamwork is reinforced.
Teamwork is required for success.
Teamwork is required in the labs and classes in a variety of ways.
Teamwork is required to erect the bridge Knots and Lashings are required to secure the bridge.
Teamwork is required when students design, trial, produce, market, trade, and evaluate a product.
Teamwork is rewarded in gameplay, with experience and skill bonuses.
Teamwork is scripted, and doing one's own thing is suspect.
Teamwork is secondary to personal advancement.
Teamwork is situational.
Teamwork is so essential in all areas that success is dependent on it.
Teamwork is so much a part of our profession.
Teamwork is so valuable.
Teamwork is sometimes under-used.
Teamwork is stressed as is learning from one another.
Teamwork is stressed as well as demonstrated.
Teamwork is stressed throughout the majority of the project classes.
Teamwork is stressed throughout.
Teamwork is stressed with respect to completion of the case studies.
Teamwork is stressed.
Teamwork is such an important asset to any group.
Teamwork is that aspect of a project which focuses on enhancing the human element.
Teamwork is the ability to work together toward a common goal.
Teamwork is the ability to work together toward a common vision.
Teamwork is the ability to work together towards a common vision.
Teamwork is the answer to success.
Teamwork is the backbone of creating a successful organization.
Teamwork is the basis of our strength, flexibility and expertise.
Teamwork is the best long-term strategy.
Teamwork is the buzzword of today, but how does it manifest itself in reality.
Teamwork is the catalyst that has initiated our unprecedented growth.
Teamwork is the catalyst that yeilds excellence from shared strengths.
Teamwork is the current vogue in business schools.
Teamwork is the employer.
Teamwork is the essence of good business.
Teamwork is the essence of our success.
Teamwork is the essential ingredient in a successful building design.
Teamwork is the first key.
Teamwork is the focus as students participate in trust falls, rope walks and wall climbs.
Teamwork is the foundation of our organization, which encourages creativity and innovation.
Teamwork is the fuel that allows common people to attain uncommon results.
Teamwork is the fuel that allows common people to produce uncommon results.
Teamwork is the fuel that allows ordinary people accomplish extra ordinary things.
Teamwork is the hallmark of all successful organizations.
Teamwork is the heart of any successful operation.
Teamwork is the increasingly popular and widespread solution.
Teamwork is the key for a good business and a good marriage.
Teamwork is the key for the efficient operation of our jail facility.
Teamwork is the key here, actually strengthening and highlighting individual performance.
Teamwork is the key note of the day.
Teamwork is the key to . . .
Teamwork is the key to a successful project.
Teamwork is the key to a successful shearing day.
Teamwork is the key to both individual medical practices and hospital wards.
Teamwork is the key to correcting or possibly avoiding mistakes.
Teamwork is the key to getting a job done well.
Teamwork is the key to making Connecticut competitive in today s global economy.
Teamwork is the key to making Connecticut competitive in today's global economy.
Teamwork is the key to our success.
Teamwork is the key to providing a superior level of customer service.
Teamwork is the key to success in underwater operations.
Teamwork is the key to success.
Teamwork is the key to successful operations.
Teamwork is the key to successful processes.
Teamwork is the key to successful relationship.
Teamwork is the key to sustained improvement and quality in any organization.
Teamwork is the key to the company's success.
Teamwork is the key to the success of the events.
Teamwork is the key to winning.
Teamwork is the key, and that is born from the synergy of every action of every employee.
Teamwork is the key.
Teamwork is the keystone to achieve timely contract awards.
Teamwork is the largest part of leadership.
Teamwork is the mantra of flat as opposed to hierarchical organizations.
Teamwork is the most effective way to get something done.
Teamwork is the most effective way to make improvements.
Teamwork is the most important criteria in separating the strong from the weak.
Teamwork is the most important principle to get accustomed to and it is often difficult.
Teamwork is the name of the game at every level of command.
Teamwork is the name of the game here.
Teamwork is the natural outcome of everyone being focused on the same agenda.
Teamwork is the only approach to successful solutions and satisfied customers.
Teamwork is the only viable option against an organized defense.
Teamwork is the only way to get the tough jobs done.
Teamwork is the operative word for the workplace.
Teamwork is the primary way to empower people and to obtain feedback.
Teamwork is the swelling tide.
Teamwork is the third theme.
Teamwork is the vehicle for attaining organizational greatness.
Teamwork is the vehicle used to reach our common goals.
Teamwork is the way to get it done.
Teamwork is to be cherished.
Teamwork is tricky in any religion.
Teamwork is unique.
Teamwork is valued.
Teamwork is very crucial to dance.
Teamwork is very important because technicians are often required to work with other technicians.
Teamwork is very important here.
Teamwork is very important in any organization, and diversity is shared in working teams.
Teamwork is very important in that process.
Teamwork is very important in today's corporations.
Teamwork is very important to firefighters.
Teamwork is very important.
Teamwork is vital in planning and implementing community economic development strategies.
Teamwork is vital to keep the tasks from falling through the cracks.
Teamwork is vital to success in the series.
Teamwork is vital to win a game.
Teamwork is vital.
Teamwork is what board governance is all about.
Teamwork is what building a quality product is all about.
Teamwork is what counts.
Teamwork is what gets the job done.
Teamwork is what makes it possible for common people to produce uncommon results.
Teamwork is what makes the purchasing system work.
Teamwork is what moves Topeka forward.
Teamwork leads to efficiency, healthy competition and success.
Teamwork Listen and communicate openly.
Teamwork makes a difference Finally, remember there is strength in numbers.
Teamwork makes a huge difference in the successful maintenance of a dog or cat with diabetes.
Teamwork makes boring jobs interesting.
Teamwork makes for good papers.
Teamwork makes it easy.
Teamwork makes Talk to America work.
Teamwork makes the dream work.
Teamwork makes the task easier.
Teamwork maximizes individual strengths and compensates for weaknesses.
Teamwork means getting it done together.
Teamwork means partnership.
Teamwork means pulling in the same direction and giving it our all.
Teamwork offers alternatives.
Teamwork pays off.
Teamwork plays a key role at the company.
Teamwork plays an essential role where employees are efficiently and professionally supervised.
Teamwork plays off big time in Allegiance.
Teamwork prevails and fear of risk-taking gives way to gutsy actions to weather the storm.
Teamwork produces Business synergy.
Teamwork produces synergy.
Teamwork promotes better decision making and better decision making results in a safer community.
Teamwork provides cohesiveness as well as a sense of vision.
Teamwork provides opportunities for productivity to be more efficient and effective.
Teamwork provides opportunities to develop an appreciation for a different point of view.
Teamwork Provides vital leadership.
Teamwork really can make a difference.
Teamwork relies on communication, and communication is our goal as language teachers.
Teamwork Repeat it like a mantra.
Teamwork required between climber and belayer builds a sense of trust among campers.
Teamwork requires a group to develop procedures to meet the particular problem or situation.
Teamwork requires an understanding and commitment to the goals of the group.
Teamwork requires building rapport and finding common ground.
Teamwork requires good communication and people skills for all workers and managers.
Teamwork requires good communication.
Teamwork requires open communication and trust.
Teamwork requires practice and organization.
Teamwork requires quality communication.
Teamwork requires strong relationships, respect and sharing.
Teamwork requires team meetings .
Teamwork requires team meetings.
Teamwork requires trust and openness in communication and relationships.
Teamwork requires unselfishness.
Teamwork requires visibility - the ability to see others while being seen.
Teamwork rises to the fore, and is consequently stressed quite a bit.
Teamwork seems to be a thing of the past and marijuana use is on the rise among the players.
Teamwork starts with our office staff.
Teamwork starts with respect and is followed by trust, responsibility, and ultimately, success.
Teamwork substantially increases the demand for literacy skills.
Teamwork succeeds like nothing else.
TeamWork takes a different approach.
Teamwork takes more time and produces fewer publications.
Teamwork takes place in a virtual world via electronic communication.
Teamwork takes unity in vision along with diversity of gifts .
Teamwork takes work.
Teamwork takes Work.
Teamwork truly is the key to success.
Teamwork turns out to be the answer.
Teamwork wins championships, and defense.
Teamwork Work together to solve problems.
Teamwork always seems a lot less like work.
Teamwork often falls into that category.
Teamwork often requires an element of conflict, tension and constructive competition.
All teamwork is coordinated by the guide in charge.
Any teamwork established before the downsizing is difficult to maintain or recreate.
Much teamwork is done via voice mail, email, or Internet communities.
A teapot is a pot
Teapot is approx.
Teapot is beatiful but spout broke during shipping.
Teapot is dishwasher, microwave and oven-safe.
Teapot is enameled on the inside and comes with a stainless mesh infusing basket.
Teapot is enameled on the inside and comes with a steel mesh infuser.
Teapot isa pot.
Teapot provides language features that reduce the complexity of writing protocols.
Teapots are pots.
Teapots are wonderful reminders to slow down and enjoy a moment's simple pleasure.
Teapots fill with water.
Teapots Get a handle on buying teapots .
Teapots go in the teapot depot.
Teapots have (part) brims.
Teapots have (part) sections.
Teapots have spouts.
Teapots range in sizes.
Most teapots fill with water.
Tear bread slices into fresh bread crumbs.
Tear corn tortillas into small pieces and add to the pot with the vegetables.
Tear drop Has the the same effect as sphere although produces a wider beam of rainbow.
A tear duct is a duct
Tear ducts are part of eyes.
Tear ducts are passage ways that drain away excess tears.
Tear ducts are vestigial.
Most tear ducts are part of eyes.
Tear fluids are rich in sugars and protein and act as a significant nutrition source for the cornea.
A tear gas is a chemical weapon
A tear gas is a gas
Tear gas blows in swift wind.
Tear gas casts an ominous fog around officers in blue helmets and riot shields.
Tear gas hangs over protesters gathered in Quebec City.
Tear gas is also a lachrymator.
Tear gas is an another tip-off.
Tear gas is fired into the crowd, and the battle begins.
Tear gas is fired into the house.
Tear gas is invented.
Tear gas is released in a room full of people.
Tear gas is still thrown, shooting by military is the same.
Tear gas is thrown into the crowd.
Tear gas is used to flush out the gunman, who fires at the police and dies in a hail of bullets.
Tear gas lingers in the homes trapped in the middle of the weekend-long siege.
Tear gas penetrates more and more strongly into the air.
Tear gas speaks for itself.
Tear gas stinks.
Tear gas sucks.
Tear gases are chemical weapons.
Tear gases are gases.
Tear gases are located in demonstrations.
Tear gases are poisonous gases.
Tear glands are part of eyes.
Tear glands secrete greasy tears, which protect the eyes from the salt in the water.
Most tear glands are part of eyes.
Tear lettuce leaves into manageable pieces and place in a large salad bowl.
Tear lettuce leaves into pieces.
Tear lettuce leaves into smaller pieces and add yellow pepper and strawberries.
Tears of joy are a common commodity around here during lesson season.
Tears of joy flow freely.
Tears of joy streak our faces.
Tears of silence can make a powerful sound.
Tears of sorrow are also sweet with love.
Tear paper towels into two to three inch wide strips.
Tear production decreases with age.
Tear production decreases with aging.
Tear production is monitored while pets taking sulfadimethoxine.
Tear production is the eye's natural and healthy response to cleanse itself of foreign substances.
Tear resistance is inferior to that of natural rubber, and electrical insulation is lower.
Tear resistance tests measures the force required to initiate tearing.
Tear sacs are part of eyes.
Most tear sacs are part of eyes.
Tear spinach leaves, add tomatoes, onion, bacon and egg and place in large serving bowl.
Tear stains are common on lighter-colored dogs.
Tear strength is simply what the name implies and is the force required to actually tear the foam.
A tear is a drop
Tear decide below the daughter also dream moccasins.
Tear forgive beside an bedroom however frighten childrens clothing.
Tear isa gap.
Tear isa indefinite quantity.
Tear labels off food cans or empty into perioded style plate or cup.
Tear leaves in bite-size pieces into salad bowl.
Tear leaves into bite size pieces and place in a salad bowl.
Tear leaves into bite-size pieces and place in salad bowl.
Tear leaves into bite-size pieces, and fill large salad bowl.
Tear leaves into bite-size pieces.
Tear substitutes for patients with tear film instability as in posterior blepharitis.
Tears act as a lubricant and keep the eyes clean and moist.
Tears act as lubricant, and cleansing as well as antiseptic agents.
Tears also carries information on other support groups, and on all causes of child and infant death.
Tears also contain a protein that kills certain germs.
Tears also contain enzymes and antibodies which inhibit bacterial growth.
Tears antenna holds pink and blue ribbons for children lost to drunk drivers.
Tears appear often in the biblical narrative, but nowhere more movingly than here.
Tears are a freedom of speech issue, and breasts are a source of hidden power.
Tears are a healthy expression of grief.
Tears are a natural expression of sorrow.
Tears are a natural release of tension.
Tears are a natural, healthy way to release very intense emotions.
Tears are a normal and natural part of saying good-bye.
Tears are a normal part of grief.
Tears are a nuisance in zerogee.
Tears are a part of fifth grade.
Tears are a pretty good indicator that something's wrong.
Tears are a release and an essential part of the grief work.
Tears are a release of hurt or happiness.
Tears are a relevant sign only for infants and young children.
Tears are a reminder of the temporary.
Tears are a salty fluid that continuously bathes the surface of the eye to keep it moist.
Tears are a sign of weakness.
Tears are a tribute due to our deceased friends.
Tears are a tribute to the diseased.
Tears are a valid response to genuine feelings for both men and women.
Tears are an aphrodisiac.
Tears are an important part of the healing process.
Tears are an undocumented feature of all software.
Tears are anti-freeze for the soul.
Tears are appropriate at every ending in life, every time of leaving and letting go.
Tears are appropriate.
Tears are bactericidal, which means they kill the bacteria that can cause infections of the eye.
Tears are both healthy and healing.
Tears are cathartic and cleansing.
Tears are close to the surface.
Tears are common.
Tears are commonplace.
Tears are definitely a form of healing and cleansing.
Tears are drops.
Tears are emotional stitches.
Tears are emotions for which there are no words.
Tears are essential for maintaining a healthy cornea and conjunctiva.
Tears are essential to the normal function and health of the cornea.
Tears are fine, too.
Tears are finite.
Tears are for babies and for death.
Tears are for the earth.
Tears are for the living.
Tears are found in about thirty per cent of women who have had children.
Tears are good.
Tears are grief's constant companion.
Tears are guaranteed, flames are possible.
Tears are hard.
Tears are important for the grieving process.
Tears are inevitable.
Tears are just as effective as words at times.
Tears are just provin that it s all real.
Tears are like rain.
Tears are much more difficult to heal than clean edged cuts.
Tears are natural and appropriate.
Tears are natural to healing and enjoying.
Tears are nature s way of cleansing the eye while keeping it moist.
Tears are nearly white or pale yellow and break readily with a glassy fracture.
Tears are necessary to lubricate the cornea.
Tears are never far away.
Tears are normal female manipulative behavior and the cops are used to it.
Tears are often a part of singing.
Tears are often the first reaction to music therapy stimulation.
Tears are often to be found where there is little sorrow, and the deepest sorrow without any tears.
Tears are OK, too.
Tears are one of the body's natural defense mechanisms.
Tears are one's best friends.
Tears are only water and salt.
Tears are part of the release of grief.
Tears are precious.
Tears are present at the neat line fold marks.
Tears are produced by several glands in and around the eyelids.
Tears are safety valves for human beings and show our sadness.
Tears are salty to create an osmotic balance with the fluid inside the eye.
Tears are separation.
Tears are signs of love, But they are only earthly urges.
Tears are similar to saliva.
Tears are small miracles of life, for tears of joy and tears of pain both heal.
Tears are snowflakes in the sea.
Tears are sometimes an inappropriate response to death.
Tears are sometimes the most powerful arguments, but they are nothing worth here.
Tears are symbolic of inner cleansing.
Tears are the blood of the soul.
Tears ARE the catharsis of the soul.
Tears are the healthiest expression of grief.
Tears are the heart's way of bringing relief.
Tears are the inheritance of the past.
Tears are the ink of a poet.
Tears are the measure of progress, and unceasing tears are a sign of coming purification.
Tears are the noble language of the eye.
Tears are the only cure for weeping.
Tears are the only river on which fire can burn.
Tears are the produce of the eye , and are here elegantly termed the daughter of the eye .
Tears are the relief valve of the soul as our hearts break with sorrow.
Tears are the same whether they fall on silk damask or cotton.
Tears are the untold stories of the heart.
Tears are to the heart what water is to a fish.
Tears are too limited, for there to be enough weeping for the enormity of the catastrophe.
Tears are too meager now.
Tears are unpredictable.
Tears are usually present and child is alert.
Tears are very cleansing and healing.
Tears are very complex and act essentially to lubricate the eye.
Tears are welcome in the office of a beloved physician .
Tears are wets.
Tears are, however, strongly hypertonic in regard to potassium.
Tears bathe and lubricate the eyes.
Tears begin to drip again.
Tears begin to flow as the pain surfaces.
Tears begin to roll down the man's silent and withered face.
Tears begin to well up in the eyes.
Tears begin to well.
Tears can also occur due to hard use or a sudden jerk.
Tears can be a great catharsis.
Tears can be full thickness or partial.
Tears can be good.
Tears can bring a sense of relief.
Tears can decompress the chest and untie the knot in our throat.
Tears can evaporate by heat or medication which causes dryness of the eyes.
Tears can help cleanse the body and also release a natural pain-relieving substance from the brain.
Tears can help cleanse the body of substances that form under stress.
Tears can make a person feel helpless and out of control.
Tears can make an ear look ugly.
Tears can occur in the disc's annulus and bone spurs can form.
Tears can only come down.
Tears can say much more than words.
Tears can turn to smiles in a matter of seconds.
Tears cleanse the body and the soul.
Tears come along as well as smiles.
Tears come cheaper.
Tears come easily and all seems dark.
Tears come easily at the most inopportune times.
Tears come from our eyes when the eyes are irritated with dust.
Tears come off and on for the rest of the afternoon.
Tears come out also a reflex action to human emotions.
Tears come to our eyes.
Tears come to the eyes of many as they rise to their feet and continue clapping.
Tears come unbidden.
Tears come way too easily.
Tears conquer the face of the bossy head nurse.
Tears consist of slightly saline water, having an alkaline reac- tion.
Tears contain salt.
Tears contain substances that slow down bacterial growth. . .
Tears continually bathe the cornea, the outer covering of the eyeball.
Tears drain from the eye into the nose through the nasolacrimal duct, or tear duct.
Tears drain out of the eye through a small canal into the nose.
Tears drain via the lacrimal sac into the nasal cavity.
Tears drip down the woman's face as the blue coach draws out of the central bus station in Baghdad.
Tears drop as pearls from the eye.
Tears enter the duct at the puncta, which is the opening on the side of the eye closest to the nose.
Tears express joy and thanksgiving.
Tears express our feeling for both blessings and misfortune.
Tears expressing grief are a sign of weakness.
Tears fall .
Tears fall down on hospital time.
Tears fall easily, sometimes in conjunction with the bellowing laughter.
Tears fall for dying children.
Tears fall from the poet's eyes in the following sonnet, but they fall like rain in sunshine.
Tears fall in the night.
Tears fall just the same.
Tears fall like linemen.
Tears fall like rain.
Tears fall like spring rain.
Tears Fall Silent.
Tears fall when there is pain.
Tears fill our eyes and dismay fills our hearts.
Tears fill the eye and run down the face.
Tears fill their eyes as they build up the courage to go back home and say sorry.
Tears finally come as muscles have begun to relax.
Tears flow and doors slam.
Tears flow as eyes confirm a rocky ledge unburdened by death.
Tears flow as old rebel songs ring out to the clink of beer glasses.
Tears flow down over the eye and into the tear channels in the inner corner of the eye lids.
Tears flow freely.
Tears flow from surviving hearts.
Tears flow like rivers that flow to the sea.
Tears flow often during the three-day trips to Washington.
Tears flow or are fought back.
Tears flow out of joy.
Tears flow over ridges of cheekbones, Fall as dew in the night.
Tears flow when they set a healed one free or when one dies in captivity.
Tears form and threaten to spill out.
Tears hasten healing by washing away bacteria and promoting tissue repair.
Tears have a language all their own, a tongue that needs no interpreter.
Tears have a strong communicative power.
Tears have a way of washing away tension.
Tears have water, salts, glycoproteins, and bactericidal factors, e.g., lysozyme.
Tears help clean the eye surface and protect it from infection.
Tears help our bodies to clean our emotions out.
Tears help protect the conjunctiva by diluting bacteria and washing it away.
Tears help the body eliminate toxins caused by stress.
Tears help the effect.
Tears help to express shame or sadness, and they help to relieve despair.
Tears help to lubricate and cleanse the eye.
Tears help wash away some of the grief.
Tears help wash out negative chemicals building up when our body experiences pain or stress.
Tears here are for joy.
Tears honor our loved ones.
Tears indeed heal better than do artificial cuts.
Tears is a book about a father's fight to remain a father after the divorce.
Tears is a cleansin' for the heart and soul.
Tears is one man with a dream and a heart for the art of electronica.
Tears keep the eyes moist, help ocular wounds heal and protect against eye infections.
Tears leak out.
Tears leave little splotches of salt behind.
Tears lubricate the eye so that the lid can move over it smoothly and wash away foreign bodies.
Tears never fall.
Tears normally drain into small holes located in the inside corner of the upper and lower eyelids.
Tears normally extend superiorly.
Tears normally function to keep the surface of the eye moist and healthy.
Tears now flow at every table.
Tears o'er a tin box.
Tears open defective pads and dumps excelsior on salvage pile.
Tears play a critical role in nourishing the cornea and maintaining visual clarity.
Tears pour every cheek, product of the sheer emotion of the moment.
Tears pour out from all watching eyes.
Tears protect, nourish, lubricate and cleanse the ocular surface.
Tears provide a welcome cleansing.
Tears reach the surface of the eye via small openings from the gland.
Tears release the flood of sorrow, of missing and of love.
Tears replace laughter as the evening progresses.
Tears represent weakness.
Tears reveals two very important elements related to domestic violence and divorce in the nineties.
Tears roll down anguished faces.
Tears roll down the woman's face.
Tears roll down their cheeks, and they've got their hankies out.
Tears roll down their manly cheeks.
Tears run down the face even without crying.
Tears rush down our eyes and our happiness fades away.
Tears serve to bathe and lubricate the cornea, the sensitive outer covering of the eyeball.
Tears shed alone.
Tears shed for self are tears of weakness, but tears shed for others are a sign of strength.
Tears show their love, but want their remedies.
Tears soften, clarify and open.
Tears spell vulnerability.
Tears sprinkle across a little girl's life story in pictures.
Tears sprout in eyes.
Tears stain at least two weathered faces.
Tears start rushing.
Tears still fall from our eyes and some have no sheltering place to sleep at night.
Tears still flow.
Tears strangle the wind.
Tears stream beneath the skins as the whiteness still falls and all of the food is long past eaten.
Tears stream down and down.
Tears stream down both their cheeks now.
Tears stream down the cheeks of some, and one by one people rise to their feet and applause.
Tears stream down the face.
Tears stream down their faces.
Tears stream from the donkey's eyes.
Tears stream from their eyes, unstoppable.
Tears stream in the dust.
Tears swell up and drop With each passing night.
Tears then drain into the nasal cavity.
Tears then flow through the nasolacrimal duct into the nose.
Tears therefore contain a specific agent that attacks just bacteria, destroying their cell walls.
Tears travel from the gland through tiny ducts to the surface of the eye.
Tears trickle down Like droplets of slow rain Freezing in mid-air.
Tears vary in degrees.
Tears wash away foreign substances from the eyes.
Tears wash the eye clean, purifying the perception of the world.
Tears often come out for no reason.
Tears often flow - jocks have feelings too.
Tears usually extend superiorly.
Every tear has a smile behind it.
Every tear is bottled.
Many tears shed.
Most tears are grace.
Most tears are small and straight.
Most tears contain salt.
Most tears occur in the critical zone, slightly removed from the insertion.
Most tears occur in the inner avascular portions.
Some tears occur during a collision or from a direct blow.
Some tears require surgical repair, and pneumothoraces require lung reexpansion.
A teardrop is a drop
Teardrop isa shape.
Teardrops pattern with deep purple instead of mountain blue.
Tearings are crying.
A tearoom is a restaurant
Tearoom gives access to riverside terrace.
Tearoom offers variety of homemade soups, croissants, entrees and desserts.
Tearooms are located in buildings.
Tearooms are located in canteens.
Tearooms are located in restaurants.
Tearooms are to be found at other locations, with plenty of interest to attract the visitor.
Tearooms are used for conversations.
Tearooms are used for gossiping.
Tearooms are used for social interaction.
Teary nights filled with recurring images of family members back in North Korea are the norm.
A tease is a person
Teases are also at a minimum.
Teases are harassment.
Some teases follow of a Skylarks song.
A teasel is a herb
Teasel ocurs widely in northern and central Illinois.
Teasels are herbaceous plants.
Teasels are herbs.
Teasels are monocarpic perennials.
Teasels start as a low growing vegetative stage called a rosette.
Teaser campaigns work.
Most teaser rates are good only for six months or less.
Some teaser rates apply only for balances transferred from one credit card to another.
Teaser stallions are kept isolated too.
A teaser is a device
Teaser goes here.
Teaser goes right here.
Teaser still exists, but the original Typhoon was lost to a fire in the late sixties.
Teasers are a good way to build up an audience, if used correctly.
Teasers are ads.
Teasers are devices.
Teasers are openings.
Teasers are rams that have been vasectomised or wethers that have been treated with testosterone.
Teasers are updated weekly.
Teasers are workers.
Teasers has a diverse menu of the best eats around.
Teasers range from ponies to full-size stallions of varying breeds.
Teasers sport both upper- and lowercase, numerals , punctuation, and perhaps a dingbat or two.
Many teasers quickly give up when they find they have no audience.
Some teasers are either tricks, a play on words or some similar twist.
Some teasers just dance, others make slow, ritualistic movements.
A teashop is a restaurant
Teashops are of the self-service type.
Teasings are means.
Teasings are play.
A teaspoon is a spoon
Teaspoon is a volume unit mostly used in cooking recipes and prescriptions.
Teaspoon isa indefinite quantity.
Teaspoon isa spoon.
Teaspoons have (part) handles.
Teaspoons have (part) sections.
Teaspoons vary greatly in size.
Teast pots are perfect for the classic garden and essential for the courtyard garden.
A teat is a sex organ
Teat dipping with germicidal dips is recommended.
Teat dipping with quality products is a major factor in preventing new infections during lactation.
Teats become shinky and tight.
Teats designed for puppies are softer than ones designed for humans.
Teats do come in different shapes and with different hole sizes.
Teats have to be kept clean and replaced when they deteriorate.
All teat dips available with customer's choice of emollient packages.
Teate team can arrange tailored trips in the whole red sea area.
TEB cells are the target cells for mammary chemical carcinogenesis.
TEC assessments are one of many resources used in the formulation of coverage policies.
Tec machine does have one.
TEC weekend is also a chance to have a fun and relaxing weekend away from the stresses of school.
A tec is a policeman
TECs can advise further on training.
Tecate cypress is a native, evergreen tree with a bushy growth form.
Tecate cypress occurs on coarse, rocky, clay or sand soils.
TecForum sessions require separate registration and fees.
Tech cities can have a lasting economic effect in their regions.
Tech companies are bullish on the prospects of a huge developing market of literate computer users.
Tech companies are more likely than old-line industrials to split the positions of CEO and chairman.
Tech companies are some of the most sensitive companies to consolidation and growth.
Tech companies bridge digital divide.
Tech companies have a variety of choices when it comes to locating in synergistic environments.
Tech companies have an incredible opportunity to make a huge difference.
Tech companies have to continue to offer options to retain the talent.
Tech companies live and die by big, incremental margins.
Tech companies prefer to reinvest their earnings in funding their growth.
Tech companies resume their traditional growth rates.
Tech companies search for employees on college campuses .
Many tech companies own stock in other tech companies.
Most tech companies have ergonomics programs.
Most tech companies let employees set aside pre-tax dollars to pay health and dependent care bills.
Most tech companies post job openings on their Web sites.
Tech diving is for anyone who wants to be a better diver.
Tech News Find the news and all the headlines from the computing and technology sector.
Tech News Get all the tech news that's fit to print from the top tech resources in cyberspace.
Tech News Get the scoop on computer news in plain English, right here.
Tech News Keep up with new technology with up to date tech news.
Tech rehearsals are very important.
Some tech reports are available in raw Postscript.
More tech specs follow at bottom.
Tech startups are quick to snap up the available office space.
Tech startups can thrive if they pick a lucrative niche.
Tech support begins with preventative maintenance.
Tech support brings on tales of horror and mayhem.
Tech support can be hard to reach at times.
Tech Support can be simple.
Tech support can take hours to get through, but was knowledgable and fast.
Tech support has many good features and is able to assist customers when no one else can.
Tech support has no etr.
Tech support is a joke.
Tech support is a stressful, demanding job.
Tech support is almost nil.
Tech support is also available via e-mail.
Tech support is also available.
Tech support is also good.
Tech support is an area that ISPs can milk to develop customer loyalty and referrals.
Tech support is as easy as a phone call or an e-mail.
Tech support is available by e-mail, telephone, or onsite free of charge.
Tech support is available by email.
Tech support is available by phone and email.
Tech support is available by phone, email or stopping by.
Tech support is available by phone, fax or e-mail.
Tech support is available by telephone or e-mail .
Tech support is available during normal business hours.
Tech support is available from half a dozen sources, including mail, phone and the web site.
Tech support is available only on weekdays, and a toll charge applies.
Tech support is available through e-mail or the help boards in the owners lounge.
Tech support is available through phone, e-mail, and online FAQs.
Tech support is available via email.
Tech support is available via several different fill in forms.
Tech support is available.
Tech support is awful.
Tech support is back on a new toll-free hotline.
Tech support is by email, mail or fax.
Tech support is conveniently accessible by web , e-mail, or phone.
Tech support is difficult to get here, our visitors report.
Tech support is efficient and relatively easy to reach.
Tech support is excellent and quick.
Tech support is excellent, and their dedicated server packages are really nice.
Tech support is expensive and so is the downtime to restring a network.
Tech support is fantastic.
Tech support is free for the life of the system via phone, fax or email.
Tech support is free.
Tech support is great too willing to help and etc.
Tech support is great, they return emails the next day.
Tech support is Helpful and Available by Phone or email.
Tech support is in line with other small software firms undergoing growing pains.
Tech support is in one city, the servers in another so nobody knows what's really going on.
Tech support is included in the contract.
Tech support is included.
Tech support is like a thirsty man in a desert.
Tech support is limited, with no official support services from Netscape.
Tech support is local rate.
Tech support is no longer available for the bundles.
Tech support is now a tollfree call with no waiting.
Tech support is offered in both English and German.
Tech support is often the first thing to suffer when cuts are made.
Tech support is one of the most costly parts of a product sold to the general public.
Tech support is outstanding.
Tech support is personal and patient.
Tech support is poor most of the time.
Tech support is prompt, friendly, and very knowledgeable.
Tech support is provided through newsgroups.
Tech support is provided through the West Lafayette office.
Tech support is readily available and effective for users who have questions.
Tech support is same day service.
Tech support is scary.
Tech support is second to none plus great referral program.
Tech support is so important, so essential to things running smoothly.
Tech support is staffed with a team of dedicated electronic mail network experts.
Tech support is terrible.
Tech support is the best in the industry.
Tech support is the best of any software company.
Tech support is there live, to help with any glitches.
Tech support is toll-free.
Tech support is useless for most problems.
Tech support is useless.
Tech support is very accessible in the case of repairs.
Tech support is very expensive.
Tech support is very good and friendly and there is a mailing list for users to communicate.
Tech support is very knowledgeable and prompt.
Tech support is very very slow to none also.
Tech support means financial support for the people who already have technical knowledge.
Tech support needs deter most people from wanting to actually live in a digital home.
Tech support needs some help though.
Tech support requires a toll call and is available eight hours a day on weekdays.
Tech support resides across the hall.
Tech support says it is a corrupted font.
Tech support seems to fall into the same category as speed and reliability.
Most tech support is done over the phone.
Tech talk cuts across all races, ages and boundaries.
Tech Talk features a monthly giveaway.
Tech Talk Get help in our discussion groups.
Tech Talk Get the latest scoop on hi-tech news.
Tech Talk is a discussion forum of all technology-related issues, questions, and or concerns.
Tech Talk is a list of technical terms and acronyms which are used throughout the section.
Tech Talk is an open forum to give and receive feedback publicly.
Tech Talk Is Here.
Tech transfer is a grass roots effort.
Tech transfer requires a reward structure.
Tech transfer requires support from the top.
Tech TV has a review.
Tech TV is also available in dormitory rooms from the satellite dish.
Tech TV is nothing new.
Tech Valley has all it takes for continued business success and growth.
Tech Valley is no longer a goal, it's a description.
Tech week begins with the load-in of the lights.
Tech weeks are notoriously intense.
Tech wreck lead to venture cap concerns .
Tech writers are good at their jobs.
Tech writers enjoy helping each other.
Tech writers have a bad reputation.
Most tech writers can master new software publishing tools relatively quickly.
Tech writing is a broad category with many different specific disciplines.
Tech writing is fun and pays the bills.
Tech writing is like software engineering is a lot of ways.
Tech writing tends to be pretty honest and straight-forward about the patterns in use.
Tech adopts the quarter system.
Tech already has a successful women's basketball program.
Tech already offers teaching certification in math and science.
Tech also features an undergraduate and post graduate computer science curricula.
Tech also has four juniors here, ten sophomores, and six freshmen.
Tech also offers a Master of Science Teaching degree.
Tech also offers various lunch time classes that meet for one hour a day, four days a week.
Tech also plans to target more scholarship donors in an attempt to meet their goal.
Tech also requires little or no initial capital investment.
Tech appeals the motions judge s decision.
Tech appears willing to invest in the effort.
Tech appreciates in-kind contribution.
Tech are back up and running.
Tech arguably has the toughest schedule over the next three weeks among conference teams.
Tech attracts students from all over the world.
Tech becomes military encampment.
Tech can get in the way of providing good mission.
Tech can help.
Tech can ill afford to have four losses prior to Missouri, Iowa State, Texas, and Oklahoma.
Tech can only control over what happens on our site.
Tech can spend on the men's side.
Tech can spread the courses over a longer period.
Tech can throw and does have the ability to pull the upset.
Tech Closes . . . .
Tech continues to be an important resource in economic development.
Tech continues to forge ahead, but some see another comeuppance ahead.
Tech covers a wide variety of topics, conveniently packaged.
Tech currently sponsors nine intercollegiate sports.
Tech dominates the family.
Tech earns the fourth seed and a first-round bye in the Big East women's tournament.
Tech faces a Missouri squad also on a bit of a roll.
Tech focus a plus.
Tech gets a goal to tie the game.
Tech give the impression that the Observer 's news pages are for sale.
Tech goes to the movies with visual display animation.
Tech guides The nuts and the bolts.
Tech has a good learning environment free of sex discrimination.
Tech has a men s and women s coach who have won a national championship.
Tech has a nice club and they're having a nice year.
Tech has a run oriented attack.
Tech has a shot at leading the Big East in average home attendance for the first time ever.
Tech has a solid two-deep at both cornerback spots.
Tech has a tradition of excellence that spans almost seven decades.
Tech has chapters of many national organizations.
Tech has edge, but it's no rout .
Tech has little to win other than game itself .
Tech has plenty of parking.
Tech has plenty of playmakers on offense and a handful of potential stars on defense.
Tech has some young players on the court, and it takes some time to get some confidence.
Tech has the ability to grow with our future needs.
Tech has the engineering capabilities needed.
Tech has to suffer more pain.
Tech has yet to prove that they have an offensive game.
Tech Help Welcome to the tech help section of our vary handy web site.
Tech Help, more.
Tech hopes to do the same, and more.
Tech Includes insightful articles on the high-tech industry and handy links.
TECH indicates technical articles.
Tech introduces new courses on .NET development.
Tech is a better job than Minnesota.
Tech is a better product.
Tech is a font containing characters useful in mathematics, engineering and science.
Tech is a good ball team, with some powerful hitters.
Tech is a good place to cultivate friendships.
Tech is a good place to develop the knowledge and abilities necessary for graduate study.
Tech is a good place to develop the skills and knowledge needed for getting a good job.
Tech is a good place to gain under standing about multicultural lifestyles and beliefs.
Tech is a good place to gain understanding about multicultural lifestyles and beliefs.
Tech is a great man.
Tech is a great school with lots of majors available, graduate and undergraduate.
Tech is a great school, but it is very tough.
Tech is a great team, with a very strong offense.
Tech is a hottie.
Tech is a losing proposition right now.
Tech is a means of easily creating and updating software pograms .
Tech is a member of both.
Tech is a member of numerous national organizations.
Tech is a member of the Big East for football only.
Tech is a member of the BIG EAST for football only.
Tech is a positive attempt by man.
Tech is a school designed to meet student needs in a competive, demanding and ever-changing world.
Tech is a school
Tech is a second level team that has no firepower to speak of.
Tech is a tool.
Tech is a top competitor in the industry.
Tech is a very unique environment in which to receive such a quality education.
Tech is a very, very talented team.
Tech is actually the toughest sector of the market to play.
Tech is also proud to be one of the most wired universities in the country.
Tech is always a well-coached team that brings plenty of weapons to the floor.
Tech is an easy hour's drive south of Albuquerque, New Mexico's largest city.
Tech is an institution poised for success.
Tech is an Ontario company that refurbishes and recycles used electronic equipment.
Tech is as healthy as they have been in a month.
Tech is available for home theater and hi-definition audio systems.
TECH is certainly a move in that direction.
Tech is clearly all that matters.
Tech is clearly an industry still dominated by men.
Tech is closed and all fields are set for the remaining eliminations.
Tech is closed and all fields are set.
Tech is closed during the driver's meeting.
Tech is considered a legacy .
Tech is designed for existing firms who are raising capital to expand their market share.
Tech is expensive, but necessary.
Tech is fortunate enough to attract the top students in the country.
Tech is in a unique position.
Tech is in West Texas, which produces football players and tumbleweeds.
Tech is interested in being more of a neighbor and working together.
Tech is involved in all three.
Tech is just a goal away from tying that mark.
Tech is like the hometown team.
Tech is like their professional team.
Tech is mainly for safety issues.
Tech is no different.
Tech is on the brink of moving upwards or falling back.
Tech is on the quarter system, but awards semester based credit hours.
Tech is one of five schools in North America to be invited to participate.
Tech is one of the few companies in the world who can develop at the Linux kernel level.
Tech is one of the leading engineering and business schools in the country.
Tech is one of the mainstays of Atlanta.
Tech is one of two universities that has laser scanning capabilities to make the study possible.
Tech is our largest industry.
Tech is poised to play a sizeable role in the next phase of smart car research and development.
Tech is proud to offer an exceptional campus dining service.
Tech is quick and likes to hit hard.
Tech is ranked among the national universities.
Tech is ranked fifth in the South Region poll.
Tech is second nationally in turnover margin.
Tech is seeded second in the region and earned a first-round bye.
Tech is sexy.
TECH is simply a service to the community where teens are connected with job opportunities.
Tech is small.
Tech is so over owned in their portfolios that there is simply no orderly way out.
Tech is so well coached.
Tech is something to used, revelled in, celebrated, turned around.
Tech is still a good team, but right now is playing like an average one.
Tech is still a tenuous thing.
Tech is still undefeated at home, and still has yet to be scored upon at home.
Tech is the big building on the other side of Sheridan.
Tech is the new era.
Tech is very, very tough on their home court.
Tech is where Georgia was a year ago.
Tech is where it s at, and tech bargains are fewer, but they can be found.
Tech is worst-ever defeat.
Tech knows it needs a better pass rush today .
Tech lines up in the shotgun facing the blitz.
Tech loses at No.
Tech loses in the first round of the National Invitational Tournament.
Tech makes it easy to be an entrepreneur.
Tech makes power conditioners.
Tech needs one more win to become bowl-eligible for the eighth straight season.
Tech needs out of the backfield.
Tech needs to keep a cool head, let their performance do their talking, and avoid dumb penalties.
Tech needs to make sure the entire problem has been defined.
Tech needs to train people with that kind of technology.
Tech needs well placed parking garages with possibly, a sub way system to different buildings.
Tech never let the visitors get into any sort of offensive flow.
Tech notes Planning for residue cover begins at harvest.
Tech notes Protect the area from erosion with annual grasses until permanent cover is established.
Tech now sports a two-game winning streak.
Tech offers instruction in.
Tech offers to become certified to teach in their field.
Tech opens a four-game contract next year with New Mexico, including two away games.
Tech plays a weak schedule.
Tech plays fourth-ranked Washington and No.
Tech produces engineers and architects, Virginia spawns lawyers and country club applicants.
Tech provides the opportunity for well-rounded experience.
Tech raises stakes .
Tech reads it.
Tech relies on two offensive players who make things happen on their own.
Tech s best chances come with their special teams.
Tech says they'll mull it over and make a decision later.
Tech seems the last bastion for the bull.
TECH serves as a test site for several national examinations.
Tech serves as the site of the Olympic Village.
Tech still has no long passing game .
Tech suffers some more while retailers rally.
Tech takes the backseat in all the good ways.
Tech thus contends that dismissal of the case, as in NRA, is the appropriate remedy.
TECH TIPS Useful tech tips for all platforms.
Tech Welcome to the tech page here is a little information about our system configuration.
Tech write up's and product evaluations to follow.
Tech writers no longer write complete manuals, but instead write in chunks.
Techs already have.
Techs are also less sensitive to the rise in rates and oil prices.
Techs are just amazing.
Techs can now send out attachments.
Techs check out our online technical forum.
Techs continue tepid turn.
Techs have toys, too.
Techs help the therapists and therapist assistants.
Techs know and love computers.
Techs lose their upward momentum .
Techs rise again despite gloom-sayers.
Techs speak technobabble in an effort to intimidate users.
Tech always plays two regularly.
All Tech can do is win 'em all, and pray for a lot of outside help.
All techs are musicians.
All techs have their pluses and minuses, with the result that they are reasonably well-balanced.
Most techs are up huge for the month already.
Some tech stocks up, others down in wake of earnings news and analyst downgrades.
Techical instructors assist student teams on their lab projects.
A techie is a technician
Techie is hot right now.
Techie Take Out All work and no food spawns a new line of easy edibles.
Techies act as if the slightest bit of altruism is a potential threat.
Techies are already into high tech computers.
Techies are patient.
Techies are technicians.
Techies are very well read.
Techies can even find out results posted on the Internet.
Techies Can teleport around the level, carry an improved blaster, and wear power armor.
Techies don t care about that stuff.
Techies double their money overnight on Internet stocks.
Techies fear Calif. anti-confidentiality bill.
Techies fire back a volley of retorts about the purists living in the stone age.
Techies get almost no share in the glory, but they run the world, and here's how.
Techies get excited about the feeling that they're out on the bleeding edge doing cool stuff.
Techies have a knack for talking in code.
Techies have a wide variety of responsibilities to the district.
Techies have to eat too.
Techies invariably pay monthly bills for services.
Techies Learn to Go It Alone.
Techies love it because they can get in, tinker and tweak it to their liking.
Techies love new hardware.
Techies make the trek for the hand-thrown sushi trays as gifts for clients abroad.
Techies making fun of dumb innocent users is funny in a bitter sort of way to the techies.
Techies mistakenly think technical prowess alone is enough.
Techies only go so far.
Techies refer to the project as middleware, a nebulous term for software that connects systems.
Techies say no.
Techies smack their machines as often as non-techies do.
Techies start up raves overnight.
Techies still tops for compensation.
Techies use a lot of jargon.
Techies often discount the importance of networking and knowing the right people.
Techies usually are, as a rule.
Techies usually make great managers.
Techies usually make lousy managers.
All techies can also search jobs and post resume.
Many techies burn out after working long hours on mind-bending projects with impossible deadlines.
Many techies face the dilemma of staying in school or leaving to get more experience.
Many techies harbour ambivalent feelings about the web.
Most techies have a difficult tim e leaping from the technical to the managerial ranks.
Most techies see a straight line as the shortest distance between two points.
Some techies are excellent managers.
Some techies barely speak English.
Some techies prefer to develop an in-house tool rather than buying one.
Techincal internalization is very important.
Techinical specifications are subject to change at the discretion of the manufacturer.
A technetium is metal
Technetium also has numerous nuclear isomers , which are isotopes with one or more excited nucleons.
Technetium also has superconducting properties.
Technetium forms various sulfides .
Technetium has no biological role.
Technetium has no real practical uses in the way of societal contributions.
Technetium has no stable isotopes.
Technetium is a byproduct of the nuclear industry and is a product of uranium decay.
Technetium is a corrosion-resistant metal.
Technetium is a popular diagnostic tool in medicine.
Technetium is a radioactive silver-gray metal.
Technetium is a silver-gray metal that tarnishes slowly in moist air.
Technetium is a silvery-gray metal that tarnishes slowly in moist air.
Technetium is a silvery-grey metal that tarnishes slowly in moist air.
Technetium is absorbed evenly.
Technetium is an element with no stable isotopes .
Technetium is located in the seventh group of the periodic table, between rhenium and manganese .
Technetium is placed between manganese and rhenium on the periodic table.
Technetium is radioactive and never occurs in nature.
Technetium is used for medical scintigraphic imaging .
Technetium is used in nuclear medicine for a wide variety of diagnostic tests.
Technetium is used in steel alloys.
Technetium is used in the steel industry because it is a remarkable corrosion inhibitor.
Technetiums are chemical elements.
Technetiums are drugs.
Technetiums are metallic elements.
Technetiums are transition metal.
Technical abilities is obviously the big one here.
Technical ability is a given criterion.
Technical ability is also important.
Technical ability is important, but passion comes first.
Technical ability is important.
Technical academics begin with basic DC circuit theory and necessary math.
Technical accuracy can also be an issue.
Technical accuracy is important in such work.
Technical accuracy is superb, and materials are the finest available.
Technical activity ranges from basic research to current design practice and field experience.
Technical adaptations can also be helpful.
Technical advances are short-lived and new procedures are developed at an increasing rate.
Technical advancement is a great and desirable thing but watch that pocketbook.
Technical advancement is way ahead of the insurance company's willingness to pay.
Technical advancements continue to provide new tools and open new doors.
Technical advice is also available.
Technical advice is given free of charge.
Technical advice is given to LEAs and centres.
Technical advice is provided by a technician.
Technical advice is provided to local medical examiners and other staff personnel.
Technical advice is provided.
Technical advice ranges from phone calls to technical memos to meetings with municipalities.
More technical advice is also available.
Some technical advice is available.
Technical advisors are a dime a dozen.
Technical advisors provide guided practice and group facilitation within participating schools.
A technical analysis is an analysis
Technical analyses are the lifeblood of the reform process.
Technical analyses can then be very helpful.
Technical analysis attempts to determine the strength of the trend and the direction of the trend.
Technical analysis can aid in predicting turning points and direction in securities prices.
Technical analysis can be a value tool in finding possible future price levels.
Technical analysis can be complex.
Technical analysis enables the thorough consideration of an issue.
Technical analysis helps tremendously in identifying developing stocks ripe for picking.
Technical analysis includes such approaches as moving averages and relative momentum.
Technical analysis interprets the predictive meaning of zigs and zags on charts.
Technical analysis involves searching for patterns in price movements that repeat over time.
Technical analysis is a rule-laden study of security price patterns in the past.
Technical analysis is a skill that improves with experience and study.
Technical analysis is a universal language.
Technical analysis is all about knowing when to get in and when to get out.
Technical analysis is an art form and the eye grows keener with practice.
Technical analysis is based almost entirely on the analysis of price and volume.
Technical analysis is built on the assumption that prices trend.
Technical analysis is concerned with the history of trading and price in a stock.
Technical analysis is concerned with the when and the how of placing money.
Technical analysis is dynamic and ongoing assessment is required.
Technical analysis is easy to use as a historical explanation but is useless at predicting movement.
Technical analysis is for people who invest according to stock market action.
Technical analysis is just a mirror image of the underlying health of a company.
Technical analysis is limited to some degree.
Technical analysis is often necessary to quantify the extent of intangible losses.
Technical analysis is only as good as the expert providing the analysis.
Technical analysis is presented applying major indicators.
Technical analysis is revered by many, reviled by some.
Technical analysis is the examination of past price movements to forecast future price movements.
Technical analysis is the study of all factors related to the actual supply and demand of stocks.
Technical analysis is the study of historical price movements to predict future trends.
Technical analysis is too complicated an art to cover here.
Technical analysis is very subjective in nature.
Technical analysis is very subjective.
Technical analysis is vital to wealth generation.
Technical analysis looks more repetitive than it is.
Technical analysis plays a larger role in the stock market than fundamental analysis.
Technical analysis predicts future prices based on past prices and volumes.
Technical analysis provides some very good tools for choosing buy and sell points.
Technical analysis teaches traders how to execute positions based on numbers, time and volume.
A technical analyst is a market analyst
Technical analysts believe that investors sell at the resistance level and buy at the support level.
Technical analysts believe that prices move in certain chart patterns that often repeat themselves.
Technical analysts believe that the current price fully reflects all information.
Technical analysts can come up with the most wonderful stock predictions using charting tools.
Technical analysts continue to watch futures market prices break into new low territory.
Technical analysts monitor volume just as much as they monitor price movements.
Technical analysts rely on price and volume movements of stocks.
Technical analysts study changes in prices to predict future moves.
Technical analysts study market and security trends to forecast future movements.
Technical analysts try to extrapolate trends, etc.
Technical analysts use charts and technical indicators to identify and project price trends.
Most technical analysts study price movements over time using bar charts.
Some technical analysts see signs of a bottom.
Some technical analysts talk erroneously about price momentum.
Technical appendices are also available.
Technical appendices offer details for the so inclined.
Technical appendices show how to monitor official restrictions on pesticide usage.
Technical applications have to be of service to people and guided by their expressed needs.
Technical approach is well defined and realistic.
Technical aptitude is essential.
Technical aptitude is required.
Technical areas concerning computers virtually always dominate the materials.
Technical articles addressed to an international audience are one of our specialties.
Technical articles are insightful, without being overbearing and dry.
Technical articles are peer-reviewed.
Technical articles describe improved methods or improvements in techniques.
Technical articles focus on the race car and crew, essential components for the racer's edge.
Many technical articles appear each month in Panorama magazine.
Technical artifacts can spread without cultural support.
Technical aspects are always on top.
Technical aspects are the wind turbine characteristics, grid layout and operating strategies.
Technical aspects are very good.
Technical aspects are weak.
Technical aspects are what counts and the first electronic books are much alike their printed form.
Technical aspects explore fresh ways of presenting primitively shot material.
Technical assistance becomes increasingly important in the first years of the business.
Technical assistance can include on-site visits, phone consultations and workshops.
Technical assistance can take the form of consultation with other companies, advice and information.
Technical assistance continues to be available to both professionals and consumers.
Technical assistance continues to be available to professionals and consumers.
Technical assistance continues to be provided to all programs that become self-sufficient.
Technical assistance funds a number of programs in the U.S. insular areas.
Technical assistance helps entrepreneurs who want to troubleshoot and sharpen business skills.
Technical assistance includes both in-house and onsite assistance.
Technical assistance includes forms, general paperwork procedures and office equipment management.
Technical assistance includes help with choosing a program and planning for program implementation.
Technical assistance includes operational assistance.
Technical assistance includes problems with accessing online resources and equipment malfunction.
Technical assistance includes specialized child passenger safety training workshops.
Technical assistance includes strategic planning, visioning, and facilitation.
Technical assistance is a common element of state agency missions.
Technical assistance is a growing form of non-grant support.
Technical assistance is a key component of any network support program.
Technical assistance is a major component in community capacity-building and organizational success.
Technical assistance is a two-way street.
Technical assistance is accomplished in an informal and timely manner.
Technical assistance is also a sort of grant assistance.
Technical assistance is also available by telephone.
Technical assistance is also available for dairy processors who develop ingredients.
Technical assistance is also available for questions about construction, permit, and storm drainage.
Technical assistance is also available for referrals regarding campus and community resources.
Technical assistance is also available free of charge.
Technical assistance is also available on a cost recovery basis.
Technical assistance is also available upon request.
Technical assistance is also available.
Technical assistance is also important, especially if classes are being offered online.
Technical assistance is also readily available for the graduate students.
Technical assistance is also useful in questioned document examination.
Technical assistance is also user friendly.
Technical assistance is always available during the posted hours.
Technical assistance is always available.
Technical assistance is an important component of Research Atlanta's work.
Technical assistance is available by calling a point of contact below.
Technical assistance is available by e-mail or fax.
Technical assistance is available by e-mail, fax or phone.
Technical assistance is available by phone.
Technical assistance is available by telephone and through workshops, seminars, and publications.
Technical assistance is available by telephone, fax or email, click here for contact details.
Technical assistance is available by telephone.
Technical assistance is available during private study periods.
Technical assistance is available either by e-mail or telephone.
Technical assistance is available for a fee, also.
Technical assistance is available for a variety of transition planning needs.
Technical assistance is available for an additional fee.
Technical assistance is available for data management and analysis as well.
Technical assistance is available for educators, health care professionals, and religious leaders.
Technical assistance is available for evaluating and correcting occupational health hazards.
Technical assistance is available for faculty using computers or two-way video in instruction.
Technical assistance is available for individuals, groups, and contracted agencies.
Technical assistance is available for network problems only.
Technical assistance is available for registered users.
Technical assistance is available for some of the week.
Technical assistance is available for the hearing impaired.
Technical assistance is available from staff.
Technical assistance is available if required.
Technical assistance is available in the class listings.
Technical assistance is available on ALL grant programs.
Technical assistance is available on an as-needed basis.
Technical assistance is available on any aspect of regulating surface impacts of coal mining.
Technical assistance is available on request.
Technical assistance is available on supported technologies and configurations.
Technical assistance is available on-site, over the phone and through workshops, seminars and tours.
Technical assistance is available through the computer services of the university.
Technical assistance is available through workshops and contact with staff.
Technical assistance is available to all public school districts in Illinois.
Technical assistance is available to applicants on an individual basis.
Technical assistance is available to applicants.
Technical assistance is available to architects, designers, building professionals and homeowners.
Technical assistance is available to courts on all aspects of court operation and procedure.
Technical assistance is available to developers, agencies, departments, and citizens.
Technical assistance is available to districts when needed.
Technical assistance is available to facilitate builder acceptance and compliance.
Technical assistance is available to help each agency with implementation.
Technical assistance is available to landowners.
Technical assistance is available to promote an equitable climate.
Technical assistance is available to providers on issues relating to child care.
Technical assistance is available to school districts and parents.
Technical assistance is available upon request.
Technical assistance is available via online help through the Internet, e-mail and phone support.
Technical assistance is available via phone or e-mail.
Technical assistance is available when needed.
Technical assistance is available.
Technical assistance is essential in launching sustainable tourism projects.
Technical assistance is focused on water systems most vulnerable to drought impact.
Technical assistance is free of charge upon request.
Technical assistance is free to producers.
Technical assistance is given for inspections of family child care homes.
Technical assistance is given in the form of a written multiple-use resource management plan.
Technical assistance is given to all parties requesting help regarding the elevator subcode.
Technical assistance is guaranteed by utilizing our engineering staff.
Technical assistance is included on all processes.
Technical assistance is integral to the field services work in the northern half of the state.
Technical assistance is just an e-mail or telephone call away.
Technical assistance is key.
Technical assistance is matched to local needs as available.
Technical assistance is obtained from local experts in science, education, law and government.
Technical assistance is offered in vehicle procurement and maintenance.
Technical assistance is offered to community groups throughout the new charter process.
Technical assistance is offered via a walk-in service center or telephone help line.
Technical assistance is offered.
Technical assistance is one important aspect of quality control.
Technical assistance is only a phone call away.
Technical assistance is operational or management assistance given to a nonprofit organization.
Technical assistance is provided as requested.
Technical assistance is provided at no cost to recipients.
Technical assistance is provided at the institution's request.
Technical assistance is provided by appropriate radio maintenance personnel.
Technical assistance is provided by email only.
Technical assistance is provided by environmental professionals from around the country.
Technical assistance is provided by experts from several Federal government agencies.
Technical assistance is provided by in-house metallurgists, chemists, and mechanical engineers.
Technical assistance is provided during scheduled work times.
Technical assistance is provided for casual users.
Technical assistance is provided in designing, and installing watershed works of improvement.
Technical assistance is provided on a daily basis by phone, e-mail, and in person.
Technical assistance is provided on a project specific basis.
Technical assistance is provided on an as needed basis.
Technical assistance is provided on an as-needed basis.
Technical assistance is provided on new construction and building retrofit projects.
Technical assistance is provided only when requested by a country's authorities.
Technical assistance is provided regularly to people developing or adapting materials in the field.
Technical assistance is provided through on-site waste minimization assessments.
Technical assistance is provided through phone consultations and e-mail communication.
Technical assistance is provided through the Baltimore office.
Technical assistance is provided through workshops and individual consultation.
Technical assistance is provided throughout the phases of the process.
Technical assistance is provided throughout the plan development process.
Technical assistance is provided to both agencies through a state consultant and a teacher educator.
Technical assistance is provided to building operators on request.
Technical assistance is provided to businesses and institutions.
Technical assistance is provided to clients throughout the nation.
Technical assistance is provided to convert all materials into web page formatting.
Technical assistance is provided to counties on request.
Technical assistance is provided to employers.
Technical assistance is provided to insular areas and covers all aspects of government operations.
Technical assistance is provided to local laboratories when requested.
Technical assistance is provided to member governments in a wide variety of activities.
Technical assistance is provided to minority, community-based organizations.
Technical assistance is provided to prospective applicants upon request.
Technical assistance is provided to teams as they implement and practice using co-teaching.
Technical assistance is provided to vendors by telephone as well as during routine on-site visits.
Technical assistance is provided.
Technical assistance is readily available.
Technical assistance is recommended for improved assurances of success.
Technical assistance is required to operate the available high tech audiovisual equipment.
Technical assistance is required.
Technical assistance is sometimes all that is needed to help projects succeed.
Technical assistance is the backbone of microenterprise development.
Technical assistance is the best way to tinker with MFOs.
Technical assistance is to be also available.
Technical assistance is to be stepped up, particularly for trade.
Technical assistance is useful if it allows gains to capacity training, notably of the youth.
Technical assistance needs to be designed and provided to schools for improved content.
Technical assistance refers to requests for information or advice other than child care referrals.
Technical assistance regarding a specific site is provided by the district office.
Technical assistance takes many forms.
All technical assistance provided by the district staff is offered free of charge.
Most technical assistance is provided through the national office.
Much technical assistance is available through campus resources.
Technical assistants live in an apartment or with local families.
Technical assistants work in the studios, in administrative offices, or in the galleries.
Technical autonomy is apparent in respect to morality or spiritual values.
Technical background is a plus.
Technical background is beneficial.
Technical background is extremely important, including background in graphics, animation, and video.
Technical background is open.
Technical barriers are frequently the easiest to resolve.
Technical barriers impede a free-flowing exchange even among industrial nations.
Technical bias arises from technical constraints of considerations.
Technical books tend to be expensive and often have relatively small potential audiences.
Many technical books contain just one or two pages of useful information.
Most technical books are either tutorials or reference books.
Most technical books have downloadable sample chapters.
Most technical books list a web site for errata and updates.
Most technical books take either a programming or implementation slant.
Most technical bookstores carry a good selection of our books.
Technical brief follows where applicable.
Technical brilliance is needed to perform it.
Technical bulletins are available on request.
Most technical calculations use the same data and suffer the same defect.
Technical candidates have hands-on experience with highly complex equipment.
Technical careers are available in industry, business, or government.
Technical careers involve working on a task and possibly managing a process.
Technical careers start early.
Technical ceramics are inside every electronic device that is in use.
Technical ceramics are the kind of ceramics used in power plants, cutting tools and so forth.
Technical certification is a feast of acronyms.
Technical certification is achieved via clinic participation or by video testing.
Technical challenges are part of the experience.
Technical challenges become more complex as the number of telecommuters grows within an enterprise.
Technical challenges cause headaches, even for something as simple as sending a file over e-mail.
Technical challenges loom large.
Technical challenges remain in each area, however, though significant progress has been made.
Technical change is therefore uneven.
Technical change is unstoppable.
Technical changes are difficult, social and organ-zational changes are more difficult.
Technical characteristics are an important part of any show.
Technical civilization is about subduing nature, mastery over space, things.
Technical clarity is achieved when there is agreement on values and facts.
Any technical class is a big investment.
Technical climbers find endless routes to challenge their skills.
Technical colleges can prepare students for jobs in existing vocational fields.
Technical colleges offer a variety of classes fall, spring and summer.
Technical colleges offer a variety of classes in the fall, spring, and summer.
Technical colleges offer a variety of classes throughout the year.
Technical colleges provide expertise in construction trades, fire science and auto mechanics.
All technical colleges offer short-term occupational programs of less than one year.
Many technical colleges offer two-year degree programs as well.
Most technical colleges look favorable on experience like that.
Some technical colleges do auto repairs at reduced prices.
Some technical colleges have several branches throughout the country that students can attend.
Some technical colleges offer only associate degrees, diplomas and certificates.
Technical comments welcome.
Technical committees are due to discuss the plan in the coming weeks.
Technical communication is a diverse and dynamic career field.
Technical communication is an important strand running throughout the course.
Technical communication is defined by the characteristics that it entails.
Technical communication is the literature of science and technology.
Technical communication requires special skills.
Technical communication tends to focus on discourse about technology.
Technical communications describe instrumentation and analytic techniques.
Technical communications is our specialty.
All technical communication is founded in artistic necessity.
Technical communicators are also increasingly interested in achieving professional status.
Technical communicators are in more demand than ever.
Technical communicators are often part of product development teams.
Technical communicators are passionate about quality.
Technical communicators are the translators.
Technical communicators are therefore well placed to implement usability by stealth.
Technical communicators are writers, editors, artists, webpage designers, managers, and educators.
Technical communicators can be ideal candidates to initiate and take charge of such projects.
Technical communicators do it all.
Technical communicators have new opportunities to interface with the total business organization.
Technical communicators help explain complex ideas in an easily understandable way.
Technical communicators interpret specialized information for their readers' practical use.
Technical communicators lead the nation in telecommuting, largely from their homes.
Technical communicators use various computer programs and technologies throughout their career.
Technical communicators work in diverse fields.
Many technical communicators are de-facto usability consultants.
Some technical communicators fall into the trap of believe that audiences are one size fits all.
Technical communities form newsgroups to communicate various announcements, inquiries, etc.
Technical companies can provide opportunities.
Technical competence has little to do with emotion and fire when playing an instrument.
Technical competence involves the ability to accurately and swiftly calculate a horoscope.
Technical competence is critical, but so are interpersonal skills and life experiences.
Technical competence is knowledge and the appropriate skillful application of knowledge.
Technical competence is one area in which it is imperative to ask tough questions.
Technical competence is only part of the story when it comes to recruitment and retention.
Technical competence is required to operate the spinning deck, mixers, and synths.
Technical competencies are skills and knowledge.
Technical competencies are the basic knowledge and skills needed to do a particular job.
Technical competencies describe the basic knowledge required to do a particular job.
Technical competencies enable apprentices to complete work tasks successfully.
Technical competency is also important for advancement into infomation systems management.
Technical competency is as rare as a buried treasure.
Technical competency is essential.
Technical complexity is a big factor in determining a hosting arrangement.
Technical concerns remain the main issue for a large number of students.
Technical considerations are a part of the fundamental course work.
Technical considerations are also important regarding prospects for reform.
Technical considerations are predominantly site specific.
Technical considerations come and go.
Technical considerations restrict the number of root servers.
Many technical considerations are necessary for the creation of nesting islands.
Technical consultation incurs no cost or obligation.
Technical consultation is provided for all aspects of software technology.
Technical consultations regarding plans, specifications and construction methods are available.
Technical contact is same as Administrative contact.
Technical contact obtains signature of division director.
Technical contacts can also be e.g. a general support contact.
Technical contacts can find further details here .
Technical content is good.
Technical content is high.
Technical contracting relieves the client of managing virtually all human resource functions.
Technical cooperation is extended on a reimbursable, grant, or contingent recovery basis.
Technical cooperation is to be implemented on the construcion and management of toll roads.
All technical copy is reviewed by the technical editor of Highways for accuracy.
Technical correctness enhances the meaning of the essay.
Technical correctness is vital to the success of work in the crafts in Denmark.
Technical correspondence is invited.
Technical courses are also available.
Technical courses are an essential part of that agenda.
Technical courses are available to supplement and complement expertise.
Technical courses are availble at technical college.
Technical courses are more directed.
Technical courses consist of both classroom and laboratory instruction.
Technical courses deal with procedures, equipment and clinical tests.
Technical courses deal with procedures, equipment, and clinical tests.
Technical courses have a credit life of five years.
Technical courses involve extensive lab work using industry standard test equipment and practices.
Technical courses make frequent visits to professional offices and construction sites.
Technical courses make up approximately half of the turfgrass management degree program.
Technical courses provide career prep and college prep.
Technical courses provide skills and habits for a lifetime.
Technical courses relate primarily to brake and suspension service.
Technical courses support an active program of stage performance and film production.
Technical courses transfer to leading technical schools across the country.
All technical courses provide a balance between theory and practice.
Every technical course is taught with a real-world orientation.
Some technical courses are available to customers outside the corporation.
Some technical courses recommend prerequisite coursework.
More technical crampons have two teeth pointing forward.
Technical credentials count for much less than they once did.
Technical credits are all superb, especially the art direction.
Technical credits are superb throughout.
Technical credits are top-drawer.
Technical crew are television producers in their own right.
Technical criteria are concerned with the attractiveness and ease of use of the software.
Technical curriculum is enhanced.
Technical data are subject to change without notice.
Technical data are subject to change.
Technical data is also available.
Technical data is available upon request.
Technical data is compiled and verified twice annually.
Technical data is placed on site.
Technical data is updated daily, and fundamental data weekly.
Technical data shown is considered accurate and reliable.
Much technical data is included as well.
Technical decisions require technical support.
Many technical decisions have patents.
Technical deficiencies are only part of the picture.
Technical definitions vary with agencies that serve people with disabilities.
Technical degrees represent only part of faculty opinion.
Technical delivery is central, but always in the context of sustaining the environment.
Technical dependencies can also play a vital role in defining scope.
Technical descriptions are accurate.
Technical descriptions discourage all but the most determined.
Technical design is decent in places, but generally lacks a certain amount of depth.
Technical detail abounds.
Technical detail is interspersed throughout an account of the mission.
Technical details are accurate.
Technical details are available as are papers, demos, examples and much more.
Technical details are available elsewhere .
Technical details are available from the link at the bottom of the new search page.
Technical details are confidential.
Technical details are important, technical details are important, technical details are important.
Technical details are important,Technical details are important,Technical details are important.
Technical details are in the Technical Notes, which can be reached by a side margin button.
Technical details are meaningless if there is no proof that the product performs.
Technical details are 'scarce' .
Technical details are subject to change without prior note.
Technical details can also hobble a campaign.
Technical Details See our range of audio and visual services.
More technical details are available here .
More technical details are available on request.
More technical details are HERE .
Some technical details are interesting.
Technical development comes from increasing strength, flexibility, and coordination.
Technical development has long since become the preserve of the scientist and the engineer.
Technical development is a major focus in practice.
Technical development needs both men and women.
Technical developments are key to the future success of the textile industry.
Technical developments make it possible to exchange increasing data quantities in shorter times.
Some technical development is required, but yes.
Technical difficulty affects accuracy.
Technical difficulty is indeed advanced, but the results of the hard hours of practice are worth it.
Technical difficulty is minimal, but that's nice once in a while.
Most technical difficulty affects accuracy.
Technical direction is provided by federal supervisor of fresh fruit and vegetables.
Technical directors ask explanations.
Most technical directors ask explanations.
Technical discussion is welcome here.
Technical discussions belong in the mailing lists .
Technical distinctions are very important.
Technical Divers can now easily move stage hardware from one cylinder to another.
Technical diving is equipment intensive.
Technical diving is relatively new and thus, the choices out there are few.
Technical documents are also available there.
Technical documents require similar care and sound knowledge.
Technical documents require the repetition of many specialized terms.
Technical documents reveal nothing about their writers but focus exclusively on the subject.
Technical documentation comes in many styles and formats, depending on the medium and subject area.
Technical documentation includes user manuals and online help files.
Technical documentation is also available.
Technical documentation is available on our document ftp server .
Technical documentation is available online .
Technical documentation is available, but nothing takes the place of hands-on practice.
Technical documentation is available.
Technical documentation is included on the disc only.
Technical documentation is included on the disc.
Technical documentation is included.
Technical documentation is still available.
Technical drawing includes technical lettering.
Technical drawing is a very important application of computers.
Technical drawing is taught each semester.
Technical drawings are hard to come by.
Technical drudgery is almost nonexistent in accessible media.
Technical duties are of growing importance.
Technical editors work on documents that have technical subjects.
Technical editors work on medical textbooks.
Technical editors work on textbooks.
Most technical editors work on medical textbooks.
Most technical editors work on textbooks.
Technical education includes instruction.
Technical education is a wise choice today.
Technical education is appropriate for technical jobs that revolve around things .
Technical education is both formal as well as non-formal.
Technical education is critical in the development of Tennessee's work force.
Technical education is important because of a widening skills gap in the nation s workforce.
Technical education is more than hands on laboratory instruction.
Technical education is vital.
Technical education needs to be more clearly defined for the metro area.
Technical education varies from place to place.
Most technical education includes instruction.
Technical effect is an especially uncertain area.
Technical electives allow students to customize their programs.
Technical electives allow the student versatility in developing technical breadth or focus.
Technical electives are available that allow students to pursue areas of specialization.
Technical electives are available to develop a degree program that meets personal career objectives.
Technical electives are courses that enhance and improve career development.
Technical electives are courses whose major emphasis is mathematics, science or engineering.
Technical electives are limited to courses in engineering and closely related fields.
Technical electives are to be selected from an approved list available in the department office.
Technical electives are to be selected from the approved list available from the department.
Technical electives are to be selected from the approved list.
Technical electives are to be selected with the approval of the departmental advisor.
Technical electives provide students an opportunity to enhance skills in a selected area.
Most technical electives are upper-level courses.
Technical emphasis is placed on punching , kicking , striking , blocking.
Technical employees know their careers depend on keeping abreast.
Technical employment is the fastest-growing segment of the labor market.
Technical enhancement is also very important to potential employers.
Technical enhancements are changes which affect the foundations of the software.
Technical enquiries are always welcome and assistance with product application is available.
Technical entrepreneurs say it can be done with hard work, perseverance and guidance.
Technical equipment is available for use as part of the course fee.
Technical equipment is easily accessible and can be replaced quickly.
Technical equipment is expensive, and technology is rapidly changing.
Technical equipment is leased with the option to upgrade at the end of the lease term.
Technical equipment is provided on a deposit basis.
All technical equipment is provided as part of the course.
All technical equipment is provided as part of the courses.
All technical equipment is provided as part of the week.
All technical equipment is provided.
All technical equipment is supplied.
Technical errata appear in small type.
Technical errors are few and relatively minor such as misplaced commas or poor word choice.
Technical errors are much more likely than the true false-positive.
Technical errors are numerous.
Technical errors look at spelling mistakes.
Technical evaluations involving measurements are just one way to do that.
Technical events produce the illusion of being natural and realistic.
Technical excellence does.
Technical excellence is a critically important issue in drug and alcohol testing program management.
Technical excellence is a key factor to our success.
Technical excellence is balanced with personal caring and compassion.
Technical excellence is combined with hard work and people skills and that s a winning combination.
Technical excellence is paramount for an instructor.
Technical excellence is, of course, a given.
Technical experience can include graduate training.
Technical experience derives from two sources.
Technical experience includes a wide variety of software and programming languages.
Technical experience is required and management experience is preferred.
Technical experts analyzing the radar data believe the physical environment is the likely cause.
Technical experts approach the problem logically.
Technical experts are available to answer more specific questions.
Technical experts are here and four Virgin Islands schools get wired to Internet.
Technical experts are on island to jump start the work.
Technical experts can only help to determine what level of risks are acceptable.
Some technical experts say flashes on infrared film are gunshots directed at the complex.
Technical expertise can be useful.
Technical expertise can receive a justification of sorts when it has a practical payoff.
Technical expertise forms the core of our business.
Technical expertise gravitates toward high dollars and away from small companies.
Technical expertise has nothing directly to do with human rights.
Technical expertise is a formidable competitive advantage.
Technical expertise is available in the areas of estimating and bid preparation.
Technical expertise is critical for validating proposed solutions and crafting effective SLAs.
Technical expertise is essential, as is preparatory study of the particular reading.
Technical expertise is gained through experience in the industry.
Technical expertise is important but that s only part of it.
Technical expertise is important, but interpersonal skills are even more vital.
Technical expertise is important, but much less so in today's market.
Technical expertise is key, the report says, because it appears to lead to better-quality reviews.
Technical expertise is limited in developing countries.
Technical expertise is needed to work directly with communities.
Technical expertise is only one dimension of executive competence.
Technical expertise is only one piece of the puzzle.
Technical expertise is provided by agency partners.
Technical expertise is provided when needed by the teams.
Technical expertise is required in optics, electronics and the physics of very cold atoms.
Technical expertise is spread unevenly.
Technical expertise is the major deficiency within the current staff positions.
Technical expertise is uneven, but political sophistication runs high.
Technical expertise makes the taste perfectly balanced and the wine easy to drink.
Technical expertise regarding the characteristics and use of stone is often hard to find.
Some technical expertise is needed, but so is business acumen and creativity and innovation.
Some technical expertise is required.
Technical explanations clarify the pictures on display.
Technical exploration can be a source of creative inspiration.
Technical facilities are also comprehensive.
Technical facilities are available at the hotel.
Technical facts are all the same.
Technical failures are inevitable and reliability is often uncertain.
Technical feasibility needs to be established.
Technical features are equally attractive as well as reliable.
All technical figures have enlargements.
Technical firms can offer placement in work that hones teachers' math and science knowledge.
Technical fixes are in the works, nonetheless.
Technical fixes relies on industry to clean up the mess.
Technical flaws are only part of the problem.
Technical flaws seem to have been ironed out as well for the most part.
Technical folks seek technical solutions.
Most technical folks understand that the core challenge in all Web technology is scalability.
Technical foul is foul
Technical foul is foul.
Technical fouls are minus ten points each.
Technical fouls count as both personal and team fouls.
Technical fouls count as personal fouls.
All technical fouls are two shots and possession of the ball.
Technical functions are generally independent with only cursory review.
All technical gear including helmets, shoes, and harnesses is provided for novice clinics.
All technical gear is included in the price.
Technical geniuses like to work with other technical geniuses.
Technical glitches can also decrease efficiency.
Technical glitches do occur from time to time resulting in lost data.
Technical gloss is great of course, but the audience expects more.
Some technical goodies are still absent.
Technical grade is used as a mordant in dyeing processes.
Technical graduates can apply to be placed in the technical or corporate stream.
Technical guidance is provided by a forensic scientist as needed.
Technical guidance is provided by experienced certified operators, technicians and engineers.
Technical guidance remains in effect while procedural references are being revised.
Technical guide is also packed.
Technical guides have limited applicability to many problems encountered.
Technical guidelines evolve similarly.
Technical hackers exploit common deficiencies in system design, configuration or management.
Technical hearings are open to the public.
Technical hearings follow discovery.
Technical help can come from computerized information systems and databases with a geographic focus.
Technical help is also available.
Technical help is available for authors with multimedia input to offer.
Technical help is available for members.
Technical help is available four days a week and at other times by arrangement.
Technical help is available to timber owners.
Technical help is currently available at the homesite.
Technical help is only a phone call or email away.
Technical help is provided by help desk staff.
Technical help is provided.
Technical hints provided by commercial concerns are available.
Technical history is littered with counter examples.
Technical holdings are limited.
Technical illustrations are available as well.
Technical implementation is basically a production component of the online advertising process.
Technical improvements are continual.
Technical improvements continue to be made while data is being entered for the pilot.
Technical indications are in very oversold territory on daily and weekly data.
Technical indicators are bearish and prices are below moving averages.
Technical indicators are bearish and prices are now below moving averages.
Technical indicators are bearish and prices are once again in the midst of moving averages.
Technical indicators are mixed and prices are now above moving averages.
Technical indicators are mixed and prices are now below moving averages.
Technical indicators are mixed and prices did close ever so slightly above moving averages.
Technical indicators are mixed and prices slipped in the midst of moving averages today.
Technical indicators are mixed and the market is vacillating in the middle moving averages.
Technical indicators are mixed and the market is vacillating in the middle of moving averages.
Technical indicators are still bearish but prices are fluctuating in the midst of moving averages.
Technical indicators filter out the bias of the organizing brain.
Technical indicators give hard and soft signals.
Technical indicators have difficulty viewing both trend and range at the same time.
Technical indicators show an overbought condition and rally termination.
Technical indicators support a favorable fundamental outlook.
Many technical indicators characterize an overbought market.
Most technical indicators are fairly orderly.
Many technical industries seek physics graduates for work in management and sales.
Technical info is also available.
Technical information can give competitors an advantage immediately.
Technical information falls into the business category.
Technical information gives insights as to where competitors are expanding their expertise.
Technical information glazes and discussions.
Technical information includes insertion machine programs.
Technical information including film development and exposure techniques is provided.
Technical information including usage protocols is provided with each order.
Technical information is a key aspect of governance responses to complex global problems.
Technical information is also available for our customers.
Technical information is also available in the Technical FAQ .
Technical information is also available online using our new product search feature.
Technical information is also available.
Technical information is also very hard to follow on low value stocks.
Technical information is always available online through the support database .
Technical information is available about our name and email servers and our dial in numbers.
Technical information is available below.
Technical information is available demonstrating test over the . . . . .
Technical information is available here .
Technical information is available on how to shoot specific kinds of pictures.
Technical information is available on the Application Notes page.
Technical information is available on the website.
Technical information is available once a non-disclosure agreement is in place.
Technical information is available there also.
Technical information is collected for site management purposes.
Technical information is correlated with an organization s business issues on that network.
Technical information is given adjacent to each image.
Technical information is given to assist buyers in preparing a suitable photo.
Technical information is here .
Technical information is included in the image files.
Technical information is included.
Technical information is necessary to add value to many topics.
Technical information is on the technical page.
Technical information is presented in a very readable manner.
Technical information is presented in the map and description of map units.
Technical information is provided on pesticide effects in the environment and water quality.
Technical information is provided online.
Technical information is provided through issue briefs, manuals and monographs, and guidebooks.
Technical information is subject to change without notice.
Technical information outlining the methods for curtailing wildlife damage is needed as well.
Technical information refers to the specifications or intended uses of items being ordered.
All technical information is believed to be reliable and is provided for reference only.
All technical information is offered for easy understanding by the average reader.
Any technical information is just for the purpose of discussion.
More technical information is also available.
More technical information is available here .
More technical information is available on any of the above concepts.
More technical information is available on request.
More technical information is in the Colour section of the web site.
Some technical information concerning the data follows.
Some technical information is given below some angiograms for the interested clinician.
Some technical information is included.
Technical infrastructure is one issue.
Technical infrastructure is one such potential problem.
Technical infrastructure is vital, but access to higher education is equally important.
Technical innovation demands investment.
Technical innovation does reach a large number of people - but that is the younger people.
Technical innovation goes nowhere except under terms dictated by the large companies.
Technical innovation goes nowhere except under terms dictated by the larger companies.
Technical innovation is a cultural activity .
Technical innovation is matched by financial foresight.
Technical innovation is quite central to the continued development of the industry.
Technical innovations are in discovery with the aims to reduce unwanted by-products of combustion.
Technical innovations are of themselves just tools and resources.
Technical innovations flourish through a symbiotic relationship between academia and industry.
Technical input can mitigate losses and assist in decisions regarding liability.
Technical inspection is to be done every two years or three years for new cars.
Technical inspection is used to determine if the vehicle is safe for autocross competition.
Technical inspection opens in staging lanes.
Technical installations ought to be invisible or at least unobtrusive.
Technical institutes offer intensive technical training and two-year associate degrees.
Technical institutes offer intensive technical training.
Technical institutes vary in their approaches to upgrading.
Technical instruction covers dye mixing and fabric manipulation by folding and stitching.
Technical instruction includes photographic processes for transparencies, negatives and printing.
Technical instruction is emphasized through textbook and homework assignments.
Technical instruction is provided by onsite staff members.
Technical instruction is provided for all including camp games, game play discussion and review.
Technical instruction is provided for both analog and digital video.
Technical instructions are also on the web.
Technical instructions are now available.
Technical instructors have extensive training in specific techniques.
Technical instructors seem unanimously pleased and surprised.
Technical interaction includes hacking devices, looking for clues in e-mails, etc.
Technical interaction regarding custom requirements and specifications is encouraged.
Some technical internships provide professionally competitive salaries, while others are non-paid.
Technical interpretations continue to be free of charge.
Technical involvement is more limited but possible.
Technical issues are a limiting factor on the web, true, but sometimes the issues can be clouded.
Technical issues are most welcome.
Technical issues are very important.
Technical issues prevent the Internet from becoming more widespread in Uzbekistan.
Technical issues relate to affairs.
Technical issues relate to foreign affairs.
Technical issues remain.
Technical issues require examinations.
Technical issues stand at the forefront of the problem.
Any technical issue is subjected to independent assessment by the government workforce.
Many technical issues exist.
Many technical issues have yet to be resolved.
Many technical issues remain.
Most technical issues relate to affairs.
Most technical issues relate to foreign affairs.
Most technical issues require examinations.
Some technical issues relate to florida panthers.
Some technical issues relate to panthers.
Many technical items are available for sale.
Technical jargon accompanies each image to label the true names of the objects in the pictures.
Technical jargon can still permeate written and verbal information.
Technical jargon gets in the way of self-evident applications.
Technical jargon is a smoke screen for vapidity.
Technical jargon is defined clearly, with extensive examples.
Technical jargon is kept to a minimum, and there is a glossary of unfamiliar terms.
Technical jargon is kept to a minimum.
Technical jargon is minimal.
Technical jargon is used in hoaxes to increase credibility.
Technical jobs are plentiful in the aerospace industry.
Technical jobs have a tendency to go to people outside the relevant community.
Technical jobs require licensed contractors.
Most technical jobs require some level of proficiency in a technical area.
Technical knowledge can enable other agencies to leapfrog certain avoidable hurdles.
Technical knowledge comes from all over the world.
Technical knowledge expands every day.
Technical knowledge is also a definite plus.
Technical knowledge is also necessary.
Technical knowledge is demonstrated by examination.
Technical knowledge is demonstrated through the exam.
Technical knowledge is important for managing resources, among other things.
Technical knowledge is important.
Technical knowledge is only one component of a telecommunications professional's knowledge base.
Technical knowledge is pretty much self-explanatory.
Technical knowledge is required at all levels and becomes very intense at the high net worth.
Technical knowledge is something that can be quickly and easily learned.
Technical knowledge is the basis for respect and credibility among hackers.
Technical knowledge is vital but the ability to motivate and encourage staff is just as important.
All technical knowledge is available in the reseller channel.
Some technical knowledge is required to use the tools.
Technical labor is hard to find but they can be trained.
Technical language can be extremely boring.
Technical language condenses the thought of a given sickness.
Technical language is one reason students have difficulty with science courses.
Technical language is used without being overwhelming to the reader.
Some technical language is acceptable if relevant terms are defined.
Technical leaders act as role models and mentors.
Technical leadership is strong and has fostered change in political commitment.
Technical lectures have to adapt faster and better to the professional needs.
Technical libraries contain volumes on various ways to calculate controller-tuning values.
Technical library contains FAQs, users guides, installation manuals, how-to articles and tech notes.
Some technical libraries require specialized training in such fields as science or foreign language.
Technical limitations mean written input has to be printed in small boxes.
Technical literacy is essential.
Technical literacy refers to basic competency with computers.
Technical literature requires prior registration.
Technical loop has a couple nice drop-offs.
Technical manipulation is secondary to the subjective encounter with the location.
Technical manuals are available for viewing online and or downloaded for offline viewing.
Technical manuals are expensive to develop, validate, update, and distribute.
Technical manuals are in print as long as the army has the piece of equipment in inventory.
Technical manuals are the basis for the study of early lithographic printing.
Technical manuals help workers access job-related information.
Many technical manuals are also available on-line.
Many technical manuals are here, in all their glory.
Many technical manuals do often sound the same, the genre seems to demand a certain style or voice.
Technical marketing is a plus.
Technical mastery is the goal at each stage of the design process from sketch to the final product.
Technical material is also available for the infrared microscopist.
Technical material is distributed, as well as newsletters.
Technical material is presented in appendices, along with a series of maps and tables.
All technical material is reviewed by an editorial consultant prior to acceptance.
All technical material needs to be included in an appendix.
Technical means do exist to prevent that.
Technical measures change fast.
Technical meetings are a special case of the preceding section.
Technical merit includes contribution, scope, and overall accuracy.
Technical merit is based on execution, synchronization and difficulty.
Technical metadata is attached to each image and text file.
Technical methods focus on open source software written for unix.
Technical modifications are subject to change without notice.
Technical monitoring finds application in various proliferation detection and arms control arenas.
Technical monographs differ somewhat in form and content from one area to another.
Technical networks have logistical problems.
Technical notes accompany the tables.
Technical notes addressing specific problem areas accompany each piece.
Technical notes appear below the table.
Technical notes are a collection of notes and opinions on computing topics.
Technical notes are available in the application, software and hardware sections.
Technical notes are limited to six typewritten pages and three illustrations.
Technical notes are optional but strongly encouraged.
Technical notes are similar in scope and content to technical papers.
Technical notes can provide a clearer mapping between the code and the mathematics that it applies.
Technical notes describing the methodology used to develop the indexes are available on request.
Technical notes explain the methodology of data collection used in each country.
Technical notes report preliminary results and extensions of previously reported work.
All technical notes have both a title and a number which identifies where they fit in the series.
All technical notes have both a title and a number within each category indicating where they fit.
Technical operators are available to assist with details and to suggest the unexpected touch.
Some technical options destroy the embryo to avoid genetic defects.
Technical organizations have to become suppliers to marketing organizations.
Technical orientation is given by a technical committee, composed mainly of specialist physicians.
Technical origami can even be competitive.
Technical origami is an interesting blend of art, craft, and science.
Technical oversight is less, but still significant.
Technical paper is located in conferences.
Technical papers are also a way to become involved.
Technical papers are available on the subject of hydrogen fuel.
Technical papers can be on any headphone-related topic from psychoacoustics to circuit design.
Technical papers explain the effort in detail .
All technical papers are, of course, fully illustrated.
Some technical paper explains concepts.
Technical parameters are quite vague.
Technical people add the smarts to a web site that give it power and responsiveness.
Technical people are all about certainty, clarity and understanding.
Technical people assist with complete after-sales service, including troubleshooting.
Technical people can be difficult to manage.
Technical people deal with technical issues.
Technical people decide estimates, consequences, process, and detailed scheduling.
Technical people get a big charge out of getting things done.
Technical people have critical attributes for making exceptional salespeople.
Technical people have to understand the business side to help develop solutions.
Technical people know a lot about acting.
Technical people like to say flux when they are referring to a flow of energy.
Technical people seek closure because they are trained to find precise solutions.
Technical people tend to start with technologies.
Technical people understand how critical knowledge is to their survival.
Many technical people are also reluctant to speak their minds.
Many technical people are uncomfortable in the role of interviewer.
Many technical people do, and for a very specific reason.
Many technical people think that's bragging.
Technical performance is to a high standard and the radio produces plenty of volume.
Technical personnel are also available to answer any radon questions.
Technical personnel assist biologists in the performance of a variety of duties.
Technical personnel know how much is required in the way of support and how limited resources are.
Technical physics gives the student the basic information neeeded to develop the subject.
Technical PIs complete and submit technical reports.
Technical picture is positive for many stocks suggesting additional upside ahead.
Technical positions are also available for students.
Technical positions are available, too.
Technical positions command good salaries.
Technical positions offer growth and opportunity as well as a complete benefits package.
Technical precision is essential, but it can no longer be a product definer.
Technical preparations are currently under way to connect other libraries.
Technical presentations are an important phase in the development of an engineering project.
Technical presentations focus on current research developments in the four-state region.
All technical presentations are limited to ten minutes with the introduction.
Most technical presentations are available as online reference material on the workshop web site.
Technical presenters learn how to present their ideas to non-technical listeners more clearly.
Technical problem solving and project leadership is a requirement.
Technical problems are difficult to satisfy.
Technical problems are easy to solve, but the systematic maturation takes time to create.
Technical problems are only a phone call away.
Technical problems are rare and are corrected as soon as possible.
Technical problems arise as to whether the cause is a disease or lack of calories.
Technical problems can and sometimes do occur.
Technical problems can cause sessions to be terminated prematurely.
Technical problems can really put a stop to that tranquil feeling.
Technical problems contact the webmaster .
Technical problems remain in establishing dynamic networks of that magnitude.
Many technical problems begin with an inconsistent run.
Many technical problems have yet to be solved.
Many technical problems remain to be resolved.
Many technical problems seem to be worse in certain areas.
More technical problems require more information.
Most technical problems are site-specific.
Most technical problems occur as a result of old or outdated browsers.
Some technical problems associate with continuous operations.
Some technical problems associate with operations.
Some technical problems remain, too.
Technical processing is available for materials offered.
Technical processing is available for the materials offered.
Technical processing is done in adjacent rooms which include a well-equipped photo lab.
Technical processing is done in two separate adjacent rooms.
All technical processing is done by the library staff and volunteers.
Some technical products are only address to technical people, who usually read English well.
Technical production is excellent.
Technical professionals are at the forefront, both as learners and teachers.
Technical professionals are problem-solvers and fixers.
All technical professionals share a common set of traits.
Many technical professionals launch into long, drawn-out answers to telephone interview questions.
Most technical professionals evolve down one path or the other.
Technical proficiency is a teaching and learning process.
Technical proficiency is advanced.
Technical proficiency is gained from religious support training with other UMTs.
Technical programs place strong emphasis on mathematics in the context of real applications.
Some technical programs limit enrollment.
Some technical programs require two sciences.
Technical progress can cease and the most palpable facts can be denied or disregarded.
Technical progress can lead to improvements in production and the quality of goods.
Technical progress engenders a net increase in jobs in companies.
Technical progress involves obsolescence and replacement.
More technical progress leads to higher real wages and more jobs.
Technical project lead to create long-range application architecture.
Technical publications are critical in today s corporation.
Technical publications document a study or method, outline a management plan or disseminate data.
Technical publications is one example.
Technical publications play a major role in fulfilling the objectives of the socities.
Technical publications provides an automated technical library tracking system.
Most technical publications have Websites with search engines for their news archives.
Some technical publications have things like warranties in the appendixes.
Technical publishing is our core business.
Technical qualifications can be advantageous for certain client groups.
Technical qualities are quite good.
Technical qualities are very good, both audio and visual.
Technical quality is easiest to comprehend.
Technical quality is good.
Technical quality is important, but the quality of the content is even more important.
Technical questions are welcome anytime.
Technical questions can go to e-mail address.
Many technical questions arise with the development of each unique project.
Technical rationalizations are always available to confuse the issue.
Technical realisation is just a matter of cleaning up.
Technical recruiters specialize in finding high-tech talent for employers.
Many technical recruiters have hands-on technical.
Technical refreshment continues.
Technical report is available.
Technical report is here .
Technical report writing receives major emphasis.
Technical reports are a integral part of the scientific communication process.
Technical reports are available in French only.
Technical reports are available in the author's favorite format.
Technical reports are available upon request.
Technical reports are for educational and informational purposes only.
Technical reports are more lengthy and comprehensive and address multiple areas of inquiry.
Technical reports are most likely to be available on-line.
Technical reports are only availabe through Folio.
Technical reports are research paper.
Technical reports are the primary product of the research and flight tests performed at Dryden.
Technical reports can be difficult to trace and locate.
Technical reports circulate only if there are two copies in the collection.
Technical reports document the progress of scientific research - both successful and unsuccessful.
Technical reports provide the best description of current research activities.
Technical reports tend to be hell to find.
All technical reports are also available in hardcopy.
All technical reports are available in electronic form only.
All technical reports are available on microfiche or as photocopies.
All technical reports are the responsibility of the project director.
Many technical reports are available on the Web.
Many technical reports are the result of government-sponsored research.
Most technical reports are also available in postscript via anonymous ftp.
Most technical reports are available online.
Most technical reports are full text.
Technical requirements apply.
Technical requirements are available upon request.
Technical requirements are fairly simple, except for some special light and an on-stage hanging.
Technical requirements are minimal with all scenery provided by the touring company.
Technical requirements are minimal.
Technical requirements overview.
Technical requirements vary by sponsoring campus, but some prerequisites are standard.
Technical requirements vary from group to group.
Some technical requirements apply.
Technical research is about the engineering use of materials.
Technical research is carried out within the fields of mechatronics, biometry and image analysis.
Technical research is focused on finding technical primitives to support workflows.
Technical research uses our in-house facilities.
Technical resources are also readily available - at a price.
Technical resources are right at our fingertips.
Technical resources can also provide accurate dating information.
Technical results are presented and discussed in seven chapters.
Technical review begins after the application is deemed administratively complete.
Technical reviews are no different.
Technical revision allows an appeal to the state board if a revision to a charter is denied.
Technical riders enjoy days of riding downhill jungle trails and through villages.
Technical risk is in the nature of technology.
Technical roles are also available.
Technical safeguards provide only a partial solution.
Technical salaries tend to be the single largest expense in research.
Technical saturation is achieved as soon as the domains have coalesced.
A technical school is a school
Technical schools are schools.
Technical schools fill up fast.
Technical schools have a tremendous impact by providing focused training.
Technical schools offer courses on pipe system design, safety, and tool use.
Technical schools provide trained talent for industry and for the rapidly growing service industry.
Many technical schools offer programs in basic masonry.
Most technical schools offer evening classes in terminology.
Some technical schools have contacts or even contracts with employers to provide skilled graduates.
Technical search is nationwide.
Technical secretaries assist engineers or scientists.
Technical section contains free download of short or long form truss specifications.
Technical section includes information about component parts, maintenance, line drawings, etc.
Technical section runs along bank of the river.
Technical sections abound.
Technical sections examine the design and material properties of bows, arrows and armor.
Technical service is also a major part of the overall sulfuric acid catalyst story.
Technical service is available either in our service center or on-site.
Technical services come from many different areas.
Technical services deal with acquiring and preparing materials.
Technical sessions begin.
All technical sessions are Free of charge.
Technical shit hews the show, likes to gratify systems before the college major.
Technical shop provides opportunities to work with CAD drawing and computer-based machinery.
Technical signals are bearish but indicators are oversold.
Technical signals are bearish but some are oversold.
Technical skill involves process or technique knowledge and proficiency.
Technical skill is evaluated here.
Technical skill is mastery of complexity while creativity is mastery of simplicity.
Technical skills are essential for a player to improve and excel in the game of soccer.
Technical skills are essential in our society and global economy.
Technical skills are essential.
Technical skills are important, but they can be learned.
Technical skills are in high demand in the workforce.
Technical skills are invaluable.
Technical skills are job-related abilities.
Technical skills are just a skill like any other.
Technical skills are necessary to react in a beautiful way to the subject through paint.
Technical skills are no longer enough.
Technical skills are rapidly evolving- faster than the developers can keep up.
Technical skills are the ability to use process or technique knowledge.
Technical skills are the foundation of any good soccer player.
Technical skills are the skills required to do a specific job.
Technical skills are the skills required to do a specific task .
Technical skills are very important in most of the positions currently available in our industry.
Technical skills are what employers are seeking.
Technical skills background a plus.
Technical skills bring good wages at one end, and blue-collar wages are low at the other.
Technical skills can become obsolete in a flash.
Technical skills courseware.
Technical skills covered include finding and critically appraising research evidence.
Technical skills help leaders use equipment needed to conduct particular outdoor activities.
Technical skills reflect competence with things.
Technical skills required include a strong background in programming and program development.
Technical skills seem to be a secondary requirement.
Technical skills suffice to make a good administrator.
Technical skills supplement good intentions.
Technical skills used are field sampling, plant tissue preparation and copper analysis.
Technical skills working with plastics, sewing and upholstery are also necessary.
Every technical skill evolves over a long period of time.
Technical slides are OK, but marketing slides have a lot of strange characters.
Technical societies focus on a specific discipline or industry.
Technical solutions abound.
Technical solutions are also available.
Technical solutions are available to allay most confidentiality concerns, however.
Technical solutions are capture and reused thus accelerating problem resolution.
Technical solutions are no replacement for good parenting practices, however.
Technical solutions are notoriously ineffective.
Technical solutions are now much more advanced.
Technical solutions are often miles away.
Technical solutions exist.
Technical solutions facilitating access to foreign markets become paramount.
Technical solutions have therefore to be buttressed by legislative barriers.
Technical solutions offers many support plans designed to ensure timely support for our customers.
Many technical solutions are often only available in unreliable form at research institutes.
Any technical source is approved, including videos, books, and periodicals.
Technical specs are great for flight-line operations on short notice.
Technical specialists are personnel with special skills who are activated only when needed.
Technical specialists are subject to lawsuits.
Technical specialists can be valuable because of their deep knowledge.
Technical specialists can provide hands-on assistance and guidance.
Technical specialists get input from co-workers, customers, and others whom their work impacts.
Technical specialists help customers get the most benefit from products they purchase.
Technical specialists provide frequent culture updates and assist customers with production issues.
Technical specialists provide specifications, custom samples and on-site consultation.
Technical specialty depends on the high school.
Technical specifications are also available.
Technical specifications are available here .
Technical specifications are available if desired.
Technical specifications are available upon request.
Technical specifications are subject to change at the discretion of the manufacture.
Technical specifications are subject to change at the discretion of the manufacturer.
Technical specifications are subject to change without notice.
Technical specifications are to the highest standards available on the island.
Technical specifications become an important aspect of the contract and can be handled in many ways.
Technical specifications come in different flavors.
Technical specifications impact available transponder space and reliability.
Technical specifications vary by site.
Technical specifications vary, and until now there have been no takers.
All technical specifications are subject to change without notice.
Most technical specifications require that agglomerated fluxes be dry or be dried prior to use.
Technical spectacle amounts do nothing without a good story.
Technical staff companies make lists.
Technical staff are also encourages to partake in further education up to diploma level.
Technical staff are available and are billed at an hourly rate to the tenant.
Technical staff are available to assist and supervise animal care.
Technical staff are greatly concerned about staying current with their skills.
Technical staff are knowledgeable with wide industry experience and training.
Technical staff are often too quick to apply a technical solution.
Technical staff are on hand to assist in the completion of projects.
Technical staff are on hand to assist with classes and performances.
Technical staff assist the instructors.
Technical staff can discuss technical problems and solutions.
Technical staff can view and print service and repair information on the spot.
Technical staff has the opportunity to increase their salary with each certification.
Technical staff has to be called in.
Technical staff have a common room and kettle on the basement level.
Technical staff identifies the most resource effective data collection design.
Technical staff is also available for consultation.
Technical staff is available at all times.
Technical staff is available for consultation with custom or off the shelf products.
Technical staff manage the research labs and provide IT support.
Technical staff spend approximately one third of their time on research and development.
All technical staff have to answer the helpdesk where general troubleshooting is performed.
Technical standards allow images to be distributed via networks at better quality and higher speeds.
Technical standards are all non-academic criteria such as acceptable standards of conduct.
Technical standards are available to architects, builders, and government agencies.
Technical standards are especially likely to change as technology progresses.
Technical standards are prepared that support U.S. interests in broadband wireless systems.
Technical standards are the methods to achieve the performance standards.
Technical standards exist that can accommodate differing policy objectives.
Technical standards raise another source of international tension.
Technical standards underpin the usefulness and success of any technology.
Technical strategy is discussed in the FAQ Training article.
Technical students seem to prefer technical recruiters.
Technical studies are another important area of work.
Technical studies consist of core areas and the concentration specialty area.
Technical studies consist of core areas and the option specialty area.
Technical studies curriculum.
Technical study confirms their physical endurance.
Technical study continues with minor scales, and major and minor arpeggios.
Technical stuff is great, but personal touch brings teaching home to the heart.
Technical subjects are, well, technical.
Most technical subjects are technical because of an underlying dependence on mathematics.
Technical submissions are subject to peer review prior to publication.
Technical submissions means designs, drawings, specifications, studies, and other technical reports.
Technical success is defined as occlusion of the targeted vessels.
Any technical suggestions are more than welcome.
Technical superiority is beside the point.
Technical superiority is no guarantee of success.
Technical supervision is exercised over contract maintenance service providers.
Technical supervision is given to consultants and fee appraisers.
Technical supervision is nominal and consultative in nature.
Technical supplies are possible, as well as legal provisions.
Technical support Ask technical questions.
Technical support calls on free web sites are billable at our usual consulting rates.
Technical support can be a drag.
Technical support can be another deciding factor.
Technical support can be expensive.
Technical support can be on-site or via hotline.
Technical support can be very expensive.
Technical support can help.
Technical support charges departments for service because of our funding structure.
Technical support collects problem-solving tools and technical information.
Technical support comes free of charge.
Technical support comes from staff who have information management experience.
Technical support comes in a variety of forms.
Technical support consists of a Web site, email, fax and mail.
Technical support contains product-specific hints, tips, FAQs, publications and product information.
Technical support includes availability of spare parts and upgrades for non-supported machines.
Technical support includes both telephone and access to password protected support database.
Technical support includes communicating by e-mail and telephone.
Technical support includes computer, printer and direct internet access.
Technical support includes data sheets and tech support dictionary.
Technical support includes FAQs and some free downloadable software.
Technical support includes set construction, set decoration, wardrobe and grip.
Technical support includes the diagnosis of problems arising from the page source design.
Technical support involves advisory services and specialized research.
Technical support involves implementation, routing issues, and responsiveness to any challenges.
Technical support is a difficult job, and often viewed as less prestigious than systems development.
Technical support is a key component of technology integration.
Technical support is a vital puzzle piece as well.
Technical support is a waste of time.
Technical support is accessible by phone, fax, and e-mail.
Technical support is administered by the United States District Court in Houston, Texas.
Technical support is almost always available within the hour.
Technical support is also a big consideration when deciding which products to implement.
Technical support is also another plus.
Technical support is also available as needed.
Technical support is also available by calling the phone number also listed below.
Technical support is also available by fax.
Technical support is also available by phone if students get stuck.
Technical support is also available by telephone.
Technical support is also available during our regular business hours.
Technical support is also available for an annual subscription fee.
Technical support is also available for school libraries.
Technical support is also available free of charge via E-mail, fax and phone.
Technical support is also available from many manufacturers.
Technical support is also available over e-mail .
Technical support is also available through email.
Technical support is also available through resellers and an online forum.
Technical support is also available using email and while the group occurs.
Technical support is also available via fax and email.
Technical support is also available via fax and e-mail.
Technical support is also available via fax or e-mail.
Technical support is also available via the company's Web site and by e-mail.
Technical support is also available.
Technical support is also thin on the ground.
Technical support is always available and replacement parts, when needed, are available from stock.
Technical support is always available at all three offices via their toll free numbers.
Technical support is always available in the case of equipment casualties.
Technical support is always available to all registered users. .
Technical support is always available to all registered users.
Technical support is always available to participating distributors .
Technical support is always available to the end-user.
Technical support is always available.
Technical support is always free and only a phone call, fax, or email message away.
Technical support is always free, but there is no toll-free number.
Technical support is always free. .
Technical support is always just a phone call away.
Technical support is always just an email away.
Technical support is always prompt and effective.
Technical support is always prompt and free.
Technical support is always readily available.
Technical support is an application that's tailor-made for the Web.
Technical support is an important component of an provider's service.
Technical support is an important issue.
Technical support is another area that can benefit from the technology.
Technical support is another area that seems rich in possibilities.
Technical support is another area to keep in mind.
Technical support is another critical consideration.
Technical support is another critical evaluation area.
Technical support is another differentiator.
Technical support is as close as a phone call.
Technical support is as close as a toll free call, or email.
Technical support is available .
Technical support is available and responds well.
Technical support is available as an optional purchase.
Technical support is available at no additional charge, toll free.
Technical support is available by a toll call to the New Jersey firm.
Technical support is available by clicking here.
Technical support is available by electronic mail from other users and the program's maintainer.
Technical support is available by email .
Technical support is available by E-mail and phone.
Technical support is available by e-mail and via telephone.
Technical support is available by e-mail initially, and subsequently by phone if needed.
Technical support is available by e-mail or by phone.
Technical support is available by e-mail or in our tech support chat room .
Technical support is available by e-mail or phone.
Technical support is available by E-mail or phone.
Technical support is available by e-mail, directly from the developer.
Technical support is available by email, telephone and fax.
Technical support is available by email.
Technical support is available by phone and via email.
Technical support is available by phone or e-mail.
Technical support is available by phone, fax and E-mail.
Technical support is available by phone, fax e-mail or mail.
Technical support is available by phone, fax or email request.
Technical support is available by phone, fax, e-mail and or online .
Technical support is available by phone, fax, e-mail or online .
Technical support is available by phone.
Technical support is available by telephone or email.
Technical support is available by telephone or e-mail.
Technical support is available by telephone, email, fax.
Technical support is available by telephone, fax or e-mail.
Technical support is available by toll voice or fax call or e-mail.
Technical support is available by voice, fax, and email.
Technical support is available during all conferences using our equipment.
Technical support is available during business hours on weekdays.
Technical support is available during business hours weekdays.
Technical support is available during core periods.
Technical support is available during extended business hours, six days.
Technical support is available during extended hours, seven days a week.
Technical support is available during normal business hours .
Technical support is available during normal business hours.
Technical support is available during regular business hours.
Technical support is available during regular office hours.
Technical support is available during the demo period.
Technical support is available even after regular office hours.
Technical support is available for all CGI scripts on the disk.
Technical support is available for an additional fee.
Technical support is available for both registered and unregistered users.
Technical support is available for consultation or equipment repair service.
Technical support is available for litigation also.
Technical support is available for PC hardware and software needs.
Technical support is available for programming and support of advanced services.
Technical support is available for registered users.
Technical support is available for the following current product versions.
Technical support is available for the life of the laptop.
Technical support is available from a number of outlets.
Technical support is available from specialized manufacturer representatives.
Technical support is available from the Consortium.
Technical support is available from the lab assistant on duty.
Technical support is available from volunteers through our mailing lists.
Technical support is available if needed.
Technical support is available in a variety of different methods.
Technical support is available in English and French.
Technical support is available in the labs for students who request it.
Technical support is available on a per call basis or through annual maintenance contracts.
Technical support is available on our full product range.
Technical support is available on weekdays during business hours.
Technical support is available online as with the others.
Technical support is available online, by phone and voicemail.
Technical support is available online, plus sales contact information and our feedback form.
Technical support is available only for connection and mail problems.
Technical support is available only for diagnosing possible hardware malfunctions.
Technical support is available only in English, by e-mail.
Technical support is available round the clock.
Technical support is available seven days a week to help with Internet problems.
Technical support is available seven days during limited hours.
Technical support is available six days a week during business hours, Pacific time.
Technical support is available six days a week.
Technical support is available through an online help section or via email.
Technical support is available through the instructor.
Technical support is available to a limited extent.
Technical support is available to address any questions before and during installation.
Technical support is available to all registered academic users at no charge.
Technical support is available to all teleworkers.
Technical support is available to assist all users.
Technical support is available to assist in product application.
Technical support is available to each user at their location so that response time is better.
Technical support is available to help untrained users get confocal imaging performed.
Technical support is available to help with driver installation and trouble shooting.
Technical support is available to paid subscribers.
Technical support is available to provide help.
Technical support is available to purchasers of the full version.
Technical support is available to registered users.
Technical support is available to set-up and operate some equipment.
Technical support is available to trained users at no additional cost.
Technical support is available to users to assist with both hardware and software problems.
Technical support is available via a number of channels.
Technical support is available via electronic mail.
Technical support is available via e-mail and fax.
Technical support is available via email and phone.
Technical support is available via email and telephone.
Technical support is available via e-mail and telephone.
Technical support is available via e-mail and voice mail.
Technical support is available via email or a premium rate telephone number.
Technical support is available via email to licensed users.
Technical support is available via e-mail, discussion groups, and online documentation.
Technical support is available via email, fax, and phone.
Technical support is available via E-mail, fax, or phone.
Technical support is available via email.
Technical support is available via e-mail.
Technical support is available via numbers provided - normal telephone charges apply.
Technical support is available via our voice lines, e-mail , and online help .
Technical support is available via phone and online.
Technical support is available via phone or email and is completely free for one year.
Technical support is available via phone or e-mail and is completely free for one year.
Technical support is available via phone or e-mail and is free for five years.
Technical support is available via phone or e-mail.
Technical support is available via phone, fax or e-mail, and a search tool helps locate dealers.
Technical support is available via phone, fax or e-mail.
Technical support is available via phone, fax, and e-mail during the following hours.
Technical support is available via telephone or e-mail.
Technical support is available via the internet and is both prompt and quite good.
Technical support is available via web page, e-mail, and phone.
Technical support is available weekdays during business hours.
Technical support is available weekdays during extended business hours.
Technical support is available when needed.
Technical support is available with all shopping cart purchases.
Technical support is available.
Technical support is awful and half the time only one part of the program works anyhow.
Technical support is billed in tenths of hours, or provided on retainer for our approved software.
Technical support is both competent and responsive.
Technical support is conducted by e-mail.
Technical support is conducted via e-mail.
Technical support is consistently fast, helpful and effective.
Technical support is contracted out to a third party.
Technical support is critical for implementing a new technology.
Technical support is critical to the implementation and ongoing use of a software application.
Technical support is critical to the success of the system.
Technical support is crucial and can be creative.
Technical support is currently free.
Technical support is currently only available in English.
Technical support is described in vague terms.
Technical support is difficult to provide at a distance.
Technical support is directed above all to developing countries and economies in transition.
Technical support is disappointing with no voice support.
Technical support is equally important.
Technical support is essential for a successful use of the server and software.
Technical support is essential to successful use of technology.
Technical support is essential.
Technical support is excellent.
Technical support is extra.
Technical support is for customers only if the questions pertain to the Internet.
Technical support is FREE and can be obtained by telephone or fax.
Technical support is free and unlimited by e-mail for demo and fully functional versions.
Technical support is free and unlimited by e-mail for demo and licensed versions.
Technical support is FREE and unlimited, even when evaluating the product.
Technical support is free except for normal long distance charges.
Technical support is free for classroom use, and training is available at reduced rates.
Technical support is free for licensed developers.
Technical support is free for one year after initial purchase.
Technical support is free for the first ninety days after the software has been installed.
Technical support is free forever, according to the company.
Technical support is free of charge and available by phone, fax, or e-mail.
Technical support is free of charge.
Technical support is free on all current products.
Technical support is free to our dilaup users.
Technical support is free to registered users.
Technical support is free via e-mail.
Technical support is free with our CD-ROM and online products.
Technical support is free, and our systems support access from a wide range of platforms.
Technical support is free, and provided via email.
Technical support is free, and unlimited by modem and mail.
Technical support is free, by phone or email.
Technical support is free.
Technical support is generally accessible and excellent.
Technical support is generally also very good.
Technical support is given first priority to all new projects.
Technical support is good.
Technical support is great and the people at the company are very helpful.
Technical support is haphazard or totally missing.
Technical support is helpful and patient.
Technical support is important as well.
Technical support is important.
Technical support is in demand.
Technical support is included at no additional cost.
Technical support is included for registered users.
Technical support is included in the Web version as part of the basic service package.
Technical support is included via email or fax.
Technical support is included.
Technical support is invariably prompt, courteous and, above all, highly competent.
Technical support is just a phone call away.
Technical support is just an e-mail or telephone call away.
Technical support is just an e-mal away.
Technical support is key.
Technical support is limited due to many competing priorities.
Technical support is limited to a pre-designated list of contacts.
Technical support is limited to advice, hints and tips.
Technical support is limited to business hours on weekdays.
Technical support is limited to connectivity issues only.
Technical support is limited to correspondence by electronic mail.
Technical support is limited to installation and initial use.
Technical support is limited to up-and running support otherwise technical support.
Technical support is limited.
Technical support is needed to help countries enact legislation and build institutions.
Technical support is offered by telephone, e-mail and fax.
Technical support is offered during each phase of exhibiting.
Technical support is offered for minor adjustments only .
Technical support is offered for the life of the unit.
Technical support is offered in English only.
Technical support is offered in the way of email only.
Technical support is offered on all products.
Technical support is offered online only with the free service.
Technical support is offered online only.
Technical support is offered only through e-mail and web page guides.
Technical support is offered to customers by phone, fax or on-line.
Technical support is offered via a phone help line and a clearly articulated referral tree.
Technical support is often appropriate.
Technical support is on hand.
Technical support is only available on shrinkwrap items.
Technical support is only available to registered users of the site.
Technical support is our primary function.
Technical support is our primary strength.
Technical support is outlined briefly.
Technical support is priced in per incident bundles.
Technical support is priced in 'per incident' bundles.
Technical support is problematic.
Technical support is provided at both the corporate and local level.
Technical support is provided at no charge.
Technical support is provided by a qualified team of staff and students.
Technical support is provided by both companies for their respective products.
Technical support is provided by e-mail, and fax.
Technical support is provided by one technician and one part-time fly food technician.
Technical support is provided by on-line documents, and the software manufacturer.
Technical support is provided by phone , fax or email .
Technical support is provided by phone , fax or e-mail .
Technical support is provided by phone and by writing.
Technical support is provided by phone, fax, or e-mail.
Technical support is provided by skilled professionals on a toll-free help line.
Technical support is provided by the creators of the program.
Technical support is provided by the software suppliers.
Technical support is provided by the webmaster.
Technical support is provided by two WHO regional centres for environmental health.
Technical support is provided by voice or e-mail.
Technical support is provided directly from the developer.
Technical support is provided directly through the developer.
Technical support is provided for current version and one version back.
Technical support is provided for the current product and for the previous edition of product.
Technical support is provided for training field personnel and some laboratory analyses.
Technical support is provided for web servers and campus web pages.
Technical support is provided free and there are no additional on-line costs.
Technical support is provided free of charge via e-mail.
Technical support is provided free to our customers, resellers, and end-users.
Technical support is provided on an ongoing basis throughout the program for participating teachers.
Technical support is provided only for installation subject to our conditions.
Technical support is provided only through resellers.
Technical support is provided through a help line.
Technical support is provided through a telephone helpline.
Technical support is provided through dedicated lab assistants available throughout the day.
Technical support is provided through email only.
Technical support is provided through the developer by phone, fax or e-mail.
Technical support is provided through the division's field coordinators.
Technical support is provided throughout the design process.
Technical support is provided to members only.
Technical support is provided to the private sector mariculture and salmon ranching industries.
Technical support is provided using the best methods available.
Technical support is provided via a dedicated toll-free phone line plus an online email form.
Technical support is provided via a dedicated toll-free plus an online email form.
Technical support is provided via e-mail as well.
Technical support is provided via email only.
Technical support is provided via newsgroups .
Technical support is provided via phone , fax or e-mail .
Technical support is provided via phone, fax or e-mail.
Technical support is provided via telephone and e-mail.
Technical support is provided via telephone or e-mail for all PMAG members.
Technical support is provided via telephone or email.
Technical support is provided via the Internet, voice telephone, and written correspondence.
Technical support is provided worldwide.
Technical support is provided.
Technical support is quickly available and cooperative.
Technical support is readily available by phone or email.
Technical support is responsive and personable.
Technical support is second to none.
Technical support is sold separately.
Technical support is standard price.
Technical support is still available by clicking here .
Technical support is still weak.
Technical support is subject to standard fees and availability.
Technical support is superb too.
Technical support is to a single point of contact for developer and multi-user licenses.
Technical support is toll free and excellent.
Technical support is toll free but available only during business hours.
Technical support is toll free in both the U.S. and Canada.
Technical support is toll-free in the United States and Canada.
Technical support is truly amazing.
Technical support is unlimited and free.
Technical support is unlimited and offered at no charge.
Technical support is usually available from the developers' web sites.
Technical support is very good.
Technical support is very responsive and well informed.
Technical support is via e-mail.
Technical support lies at .
Technical support means technical information or help via telephone.
Technical support needs some work as well.
Technical support needs to be available on weekends and at night.
Technical support needs to be increased at the building level.
Technical support varies for the third-party software.
All technical support is English-language based.
All technical support is fee-based.
All technical support is free of charge for all users. .
All technical support is free.
All technical support is handled by Polybytes through electronic mail.
All technical support is handled through the web.
All technical support is provided electronically.
All technical support is, of course, free and unlimited.
Some technical support is available through our forums .
Some technical support is available, see the guidelines following.
Technical system is a firm's transformation process.
Technical system reviews.
Technical talent is hot.
Technical talk makes HTML too distant.
Technical talks are about human communication.
Technical tasks are vitally important, but they are only a fraction of a manager's job.
Technical tasks can be as basic as clarifying the backup process, or ensuring recovery capabilities.
Technical tasting is for the professionnals.
Technical teams have responsibility for operating the service and are organized functionally.
Technical teams make recommendations.
Technical teams offer solutions.
Most technical teams make recommendations.
Most technical teams offer solutions.
Some technical teams determine technology.
Some technical teams provide input.
Some technical teams provide products.
Technical terms are appropriate for the audience.
Technical terms are exceptionally well defined and reading lists provided for each chapter.
Technical terms are technical terms in either English, French or German.
Technical terms tend to be less ambiguous than many common words.
Many technical terms appear in specifications, publications and application notes.
Some technical terms associated with the suction motor include universal, series and brush type.
Some technical terms relating to checks and drafts are worth defining.
Technical terminology is avoided.
Technical terminology is introduced or improved in clari ty.
Technical terminology is introduced, and the use of colloquial terms is avoided.
Technical terminology is simplified.
Some technical terminology needs to be explained, here.
Technical terrain Avoid sudden moves.
Technical texts are an important area where translation is often necessary.
Technical textbooks tend to be denser than other texts.
Technical theses are reports on experiments in science and engineering.
Technical tools absent a viable vehicle for implementation are of little use.
Technical tools are important.
Technical tools can be present.
Technical topics appeal to the technical marketplace.
Technical topics are also welcome.
Technical topics are available as well.
Technical topics are indicative .
Technical trade is the dominant feature.
Technical traders analyze price action.
Technical traders use charts to identify buying opportunities.
Technical trading is based on using mathematical models of price histories to predict future prices.
Technical trading is good for timing, entries, exits and trend identification.
Technical trading is no different.
Technical training can translate into huge competitive and economic advantages.
Technical training debilitates volunteers.
Technical training includes ballet, jazz, and a strong emphasis on modern dance.
Technical training involves both animals and laboratory experience.
Technical training is a priority.
Technical training is a purely mechanical procedure, requiring many hours of daily practice.
Technical training is a specialty of our company.
Technical training is also available for interested users.
Technical training is available for an additional charge.
Technical training is available for candidates without a science background.
Technical training is available for candidates without science background.
Technical training is available.
Technical training is essential.
Technical training is expensive.
Technical training is great.
Technical training is imperative.
Technical training is kept to a minimum and is well within the scope of most individuals.
Technical training is necessary, as well as the ability to work independently.
Technical training is offered through on the job experimentation and applications.
Technical training is provided in a post secondary college or technical institution.
Technical training is provided on campus in the lab and classroomand at the dealership.
Technical training is provided on site by the employer.
Technical training is provided through problem solving sessions with other consultants.
Technical training is provided to lab coordinators and campus IT staff members.
Technical training is provided to students and faculty for the effective use of the facility.
Technical training is rooted in the goal of improving service delivery.
Technical training is subsidised by an industrial training levy paid by all companies.
Technical training is the specific target area.
Technical training needs to be considered.
Technical training requires about ten minutes.
Technical translation is a challenging business.
Technical translation is our business.
Technical translation requires team work in addition to individual talents.
Technical trips are open to all qualified climbers.
More technical types can aim for programming and database administrator jobs.
Technical underwear is a key overlooked component to staying dry and comfortable.
Technical units including livestock and crop production are a major focus.
All technical universities offer sophisticated computer science education and conduct research.
Technical users are thus wary of vendors' long-term strategies.
Technical users create their project deliverables in digital plot format via the Web.
Technical users have easy access to unmatched array of information from worldwide sources.
Technical verification involves three levels of analysis.
Technical virtuosity helps, but more important is true grit.
Technical vocabulary plays an important role in any field of specialty.
Technical weaknesses are generally traceable to poor system design and implementation.
Technical weaknesses glare.
Technical wizardry is of little value if the evaluative tools are rudimentary or poorly articulated.
Technical women are in conflict.
Technical wonks appreciate practical uses such as word-searching and annotation functions.
Technical words exist in each sphere of knowledge.
Any technical words can be problematic.
Many technical words are similar to their English equivalent.
Technical work is performed by working groups comprising employees of the member companies.
Technical work is problem-solving.
All technical work is done by the webmaster .
All technical work is performed or supervised by a Ph.D. chemist.
Many technical works are available.
Some technical works are most suitable for scholars and graduate students.
Technical workers are relatively in good shape.
Every technical worker has unique skills and interests.
Technical workshops establish a good skills base.
Technical workshops provide developers with information and are also a source of feedback.
Technical workshops take place between the annual conferences.
Technical writers applaud the new Web site design.
Technical writers are dependent on timely reviews of their work by engineers, managers, and editors.
Technical writers are in demand for agriculture magazines and many research firms.
Technical writers are much in demand, and are highly paid, because few people can do what they do.
Technical writers are really reporters.
Technical writers are the great communicators of the new world.
Technical writers are very smart.
Technical writers are writers.
Technical writers begin as trainees and rise up to the level of editors.
Technical writers begin careers.
Technical writers begin in two different ways.
Technical writers begin to document the application.
Technical writers can even create and save custom annotation objects.
Technical writers create detailed instructions for others to follow.
Technical writers create paper.
Technical writers demonstrate proficiency through collaborative effort.
Technical writers develop documents for audiences or users.
Technical writers enjoy breaking down complex processes into their component parts.
Technical writers explain complicated products and software to users.
Technical writers explain scientific and technical information.
Technical writers explain things.
Technical writers find it too limiting in both text-entry and layout capabilities.
Technical writers gather information from many sources.
Technical writers have an excellent eye for detail .
Technical writers have more extensive technical training on the product.
Technical writers interpret and communicate specialized information for practical use.
Technical writers make scientific and technical information easy for readers to understand.
Technical writers possess an abundance of useful tools.
Technical writers prepare instruction manuals.
Technical writers prepare manuals.
Technical writers produce materials for a wide range of audiences.
Technical writers provide an orderly sequence of events.
Technical writers provide significant assistance in establishing and improving benchmarks.
Technical writers put scientific and technical information into easily understandable language.
Technical writers put scientific and technical information into readily understandable language.
Technical writers strive to simplify complex concepts or processes to maximize reader comprehension.
Technical writers translate complex technical information into terms that users can understand.
Technical writers use it to produce on-line help systems and documentation indexes and directories.
Technical writers work in every industry, from automobiles to computers to finance to health care.
Technical writers work in offices.
Technical writers work with experts.
Technical writers work with technology experts.
Any technical writer can benefit from reading it.
Every technical writer needs a good dictionary.
Most technical writers begin careers.
Most technical writers create paper.
Most technical writers prepare instruction manuals.
Most technical writers prepare manuals.
Most technical writers use computers for word processing.
Most technical writers use standard and widely available software products in their jobs.
Most technical writers work in offices.
Most technical writers work with experts.
Most technical writers work with technology experts.
Some technical writers become self-employed and produce work on a freelance basis.
Some technical writers create diagrams.
Some technical writers go into business for themselves as freelancers or independent contractors.
Some technical writers help write grant proposals for research scientists and institutions.
Some technical writers work on a freelance basis.
Some technical writers work with computer hardware engineers.
Some technical writers work with engineers.
Some technical writers work with specialists.
Technical writing adapts the practical application of knowledge to the user.
Technical writing can be as painful and dreadfully boring to write as it is to read.
Technical writing involves translating technical documents into ordinary language.
Technical writing is a demanding, yet largely unappreciated vocation.
Technical writing is a difficult but important skill to master.
Technical writing is a great field.
Technical writing is a marketable skill and more in demand than people realize.
Technical writing is a type of writing which focuses on a particular audience.
Technical writing is a very good opening for women because of the flexibility it offers.
Technical writing is almost always in the third person, avoiding personal pronouns.
Technical writing is an art and a science.
Technical writing is an art.
Technical writing is an easy field to enter.
Technical writing is an essential skill for a successful career in computer science and engineering.
Technical writing is an essential skill for a successful career in computer science or engineering.
Technical writing is an important occupation.
Technical writing is an interdisciplinary field already.
Technical writing is available at an additional cost.
Technical writing is basically an outgrowth of the industrial revolution.
Technical writing is even tougher.
Technical writing is filled with it.
Technical writing is highly structured and organized.
Technical writing is much more than just words.
Technical writing is offered through our strategic partners.
Technical writing is one of the highest paid writing professions, and it's easy to get into.
Technical writing is one of the hottest subgenres of writing today.
Technical writing is reader-oriented.
Technical writing is required.
Technical writing is stressed with an introduction to competitive proposal writing.
Technical writing is terse.
Technical writing is the style of writing found in business related academic and trade journals.
Technical writing is the type of writing that is used to write textbooks, phone books and cookbooks.
Technical writing is used in businesses and organizations.
Technical writing is very different from literary essays.
Technical writing is, to a large extent, writing used to convince someone of something.
Technical writing saves money Good technical writing saves money.
Most technical writing is done at a desk in an office.
A technical is foul
Technicals are even more important when it's time to sell.
Technicals are modified pick-up trucks used by Somali militiamen as heavy weapon carriers.
Technicals are pickups.
Technicals drive the market.
Technicals -Javtokas, Foster.
A technicality is a detail
Technicalities are always welcome, but with a fresh look.
Technicalities are details.
Technicalities are states.
Technicalities are the basic rights of bad people.
Technicalities can be a nuisance.
Technicalities only matter so much.
All technicalities count - after all, being technical is half of what being a nerd is all about.
All technicalities count.
Technicial assistance is available for some of the week.
Technicial assistance is available.
Technician time is less expensive.
A technician is a skilled worker
Technician adds notes field to patron record in automation system.
Technician are available for consultations to all faculty and staff on campus.
Technician can visually check condition of ignition system at each cylinder.
Technician can work in laboratories, mills, or foundries, or in an office.
Technician cleans the cutting head of the drill.
Technician explains how application rates for biosolids are strictly regulated.
Technician explains how to operate the software.
Technician fits woman with a bioptic telescope.
Technician is additional .
Technician is additional.
Technician is incredible, quick response, Cost is very reasonable.
Technician is needed for the small animal clinic.
Technician is responsible for all facits of outside facilties.
Technician isa worker.
Technician makes calibrations.
Technician obtains all patient and clinical data needed for the report and billing.
Technician offers balanced handling and a high level of acceleration.
Technician performs basic hardware and operating system troubleshooting and repair.
Technician prepares an assembly for X-ray testing.
Technician repeats the previous steps.
Technician stands on scaffolding next to deployed landing gear.
Technicians access trouble tickets via a secured Web based application environment.
Technicians accurately address individual computer problems.
Technicians actually elevate the status of the doctor in the eyes of the patient.
Technicians adjust and change the circuitry and monitor the change in performance.
Technicians already know what to do and how to do it.
Technicians also add performance additives and dyes that distinguish the various grades of fuel.
Technicians also calculate the price for the prescription.
Technicians also inspect the final product for quality and accuracy.
Technicians also keep daily records of the animals' diets, behavior, and health.
Technicians also learn the names, uses, and doses of medications.
Technicians also maintain computers and automated equipment.
Technicians also pay less for their computer training.
Technicians also perform minor work as needed throughout the year.
Technicians also play a critical role in obtaining case outcome data.
Technicians also prepare the labels on the containers.
Technicians also process production materials and support process improvement experiments.
Technicians also provide training and support for both students and staff.
Technicians also read drawings and work prints to determine what needs to be done and in what order.
Technicians also receive several benefits as part of their total compensation package.
Technicians also suggest paying attention to the spas' electrical contacts.
Technicians answer calls in the order they are made.
Technicians apply odorless baits in areas known for insect harborage.
Technicians are a vital link in the advancement of photonics technology.
Technicians are able to access their e-mail and online manuals and provide trouble ticket input.
Technicians are able to administer the test and an optometrist reviews the results with the patient.
Technicians are able to view all three channels returning from the satellite.
Technicians are also a valuable resource when planning upgrades, purchases or changes in technology.
Technicians are also available to support classroom needs.
Technicians are also available.
Technicians are also key to the process.
Technicians are always on-site to answer questions and support the contractor.
Technicians are an important part of the aerospace team.
Technicians are available for on site shows if needed.
Technicians are available for on-site service.
Technicians are available on a four-hour minimum.
Technicians are available through an after hour support line.
Technicians are available to assist districts with a variety of equipment, networking, and planning.
Technicians are available to assist students with use of the adaptive equipment.
Technicians are available to deliver on-site service.
Technicians are available to ensure smooth operations of all presentation equipment.
Technicians are available to perform all electrocardiograms.
Technicians are available to train operators and maintenance personnel.
Technicians are aware of problems.
Technicians are aware of the issue and are working to resolve it as quickly as possible.
Technicians are aware of the problem and are currently working to resolve it.
Technicians are en route to perform an upgrade to the router.
Technicians are equally at fault.
Technicians are everywhere but artists are few.
Technicians are expensive.
Technicians are expert in troubleshooting circuit and system malfunctions.
Technicians are experts.
Technicians are fully responsible and accountable for their projects.
Technicians are generally available to help find and set up appropriate resources.
Technicians are graduates of two-year college engineering technology programs.
Technicians are husbandry people or cage crew.
Technicians are in high demand.
Technicians are in the doghouse.
Technicians are located in chemistry labs.
Technicians are located in concerts.
Technicians are masters of making things.
Technicians are often responsible for explaining repair work to customers.
Technicians are on site to fix the problem.
Technicians are on site working on the problem.
Technicians are only as good as their tools.
Technicians are professionals.
Technicians are skilled workers.
Technicians are the backbone of any repair establishment.
Technicians are the help desk workers who provide the support.
Technicians are the people who keep the hardware working and the networks up and running.
Technicians are trained on jobs.
Technicians are unfairly overburdened.
Technicians are welcome to pay the full fee and register as general session registrants.
Technicians assemble the lenses with frames to produce finished eye glasses.
Technicians assign a code to each diagnosis and procedure.
Technicians assist engineers in designing, building, and operating laboratory experiments.
Technicians assist engineers with tasks encountered in the planning and completion of projects.
Technicians assist in loading and operating the mass spectrometers.
Technicians assist patients.
Technicians assist with customizing databases.
Technicians attach the parachute and explosive device to the balloon.
Technicians attempt to reactivate primary system to ensure maximum redundancy.
Technicians basically translate theory into action.
Technicians begin by building a sample of the product.
Technicians begin orbiter transportation system preparations today also.
Technicians begin performing electrocardiograms and progress to more advanced cardiac testing.
Technicians begin the process of filling medication requests by examining the written prescription.
Technicians believe it is best to concentrate on what and never mind why.
Technicians bring varying levels of formal education and credentials to their work.
Technicians build the rockets and other equipment.
Technicians build, install, and maintain the systems and devices designed by biomedical engineers.
Technicians call back and say expect the DoD radars up soon.
Technicians call in, as they notice both streetlights and restaurants are now dark.
Technicians call it flexible manufacturing.
Technicians call such boxes chronic problems in Detroit.
Technicians can add, edit, and view existing tickets as well as search the solution tree.
Technicians can also capture signatures and print out invoices or receipts on the spot.
Technicians can also message back to headquarters, using a keyboard device in the vehicle.
Technicians can also schedule time off for vacation or other reasons.
Technicians can also work from any location with access to the network and a browser.
Technicians can also write computer programs.
Technicians can assist only with account problems.
Technicians can be valuable assets.
Technicians can become supervisors and managers.
Technicians can become technologists through additional education and experience.
Technicians can call the site to better understand a reported alarm.
Technicians can certify in any or all of the traits.
Technicians can determine how strong the heart is and how healthy the arteries are.
Technicians can find nothing wrong with the fuel system.
Technicians can increase their knowledge of customer technology.
Technicians can install internal dividers to separate power and data cabling.
Technicians can manage equipment status, broadcast schedules and transmittal confirmations.
Technicians can now achieve specialty ratings in such things as high-speed data and telephony.
Technicians can now quickly and confidently determine if memory is the problem.
Technicians can only find bobguo's e-mail address.
Technicians can provide single or multiple sections.
Technicians can quickly and easily configure, install and repair.
Technicians can rapidly access information needed for doing their jobs.
Technicians can repair just about any damage.
Technicians carve out nickel-size sections from the brain stem medulla.
Technicians check car seats to make sure properly installed.
Technicians check each seat for proper installation.
Technicians check that the information on the prescription is complete and correct.
Technicians checking welds use it to analyze and communicate about problems that they find.
Technicians collect and maintain health information, such as patient records and statistics.
Technicians collect blood specimens.
Technicians come and go.
Technicians come to the practice of permanent makeup from various backgrounds.
Technicians conduct a variety of laboratory tests such as blood and urine tests and X-rays.
Technicians conduct experiments.
Technicians continue to generally be hourly employees.
Technicians continue to provide technical assistance and training to tribal water operators.
Technicians continue with work in the forward part of the ship.
Technicians control the speed of the treadmill during the test.
Technicians create comprehensive resources.
Technicians create resources.
Technicians currently install the superconducting coils.
Technicians diagnose brake system problems.
Technicians diagnose problems.
Technicians diagnose trouble in any one of thousands of automotive components.
Technicians do most of the preliminary evaluations.
Technicians do the entry work so that the pharmacist is free to work one on one with the patient.
Technicians draw inferences about the dose and the time and route of ingestion.
Technicians engage in activities.
Technicians engage in research activities.
Technicians enter a lab for different reasons.
Technicians enter occupations.
Technicians estimate size.
Technicians expect to finish draining the orbiter's oxidizer cross-feed line by next week.
Technicians explain methods.
Technicians fight over the monkies.
Technicians fill out lengthy work orders by hand at the end of every job.
Technicians find problems.
Technicians find structural problems.
Technicians first determine the nature and extent of damage to the equipment.
Technicians fly about with clipboards and frightened looks.
Technicians follow engineering standards and methods and procedures set by supervisors.
Technicians form an important link between animals and the veterinarian.
Technicians function under the supervision of qualified medical technologists and pathologists.
Technicians generally work indoors in laboratories, offices, and industrial plants.
Technicians get jobs.
Technicians have (part) arms.
Technicians have (part) body substances.
Technicians have (part) cell membranes.
Technicians have (part) cells.
Technicians have (part) corpi.
Technicians have (part) cytoplasm.
Technicians have (part) heads.
Technicians have (part) human bodies.
Technicians have (part) legs.
Technicians have (part) material bodies.
Technicians have (part) necks.
Technicians have (part) nuclei.
Technicians have (part) personality.
Technicians have (part) plasma membranes.
Technicians have (part) sections.
Technicians have (part) vacuoles.
Technicians have a key that locks in the vote count at the end of the day.
Technicians have a two-year degree.
Technicians have areas.
Technicians have certificates.
Technicians have duties.
Technicians have hand knowledge.
Technicians have hands.
Technicians have knowledge.
Technicians have own preference.
Technicians have preference.
Technicians have several options to register for the exam.
Technicians have the opportunity to work on all five shows.
Technicians have yet to fix the problem.
Technicians help designs.
Technicians help pharmacists.
Technicians help plan, direct, and operate forestry enterprises.
Technicians help surveyors.
Technicians identify each acorn by species, determine if it is sound, then weigh each sample.
Technicians ignore statements by politicians and government officials.
Technicians improve skills.
Technicians insert a power-driven rotary brush into each air duct.
Technicians install scanners and perform ethernet troubleshooting.
Technicians install the access points on the interior and exterior walls of campus buildings.
Technicians keep a record of preventive maintenance and repairs on each machine they service.
Technicians know a broken chart has logic.
Technicians know the instruments and test setups.
Technicians learn duties.
Technicians learn field research techniques.
Technicians learn job duties.
Technicians learn on jobs.
Technicians learn skills.
Technicians learn techniques.
Technicians learn the fundamentals of switching theory, modulation, multiplexing, and transmission.
Technicians look at past data to predict future prices.
Technicians look for body, texture and acidity, among other things.
Technicians look on from below.
Technicians machine the precision tools needed to form patterns in wax formulation.
Technicians maintain equipment used to help pilots land airplanes.
Technicians make recommendations.
Technicians manipulate gauges and scientific testing equipment.
Technicians measure amounts.
Technicians measure bandwidth in bits per second.
Technicians measure the part on the tool and then hit an enter key.
Technicians meet requirements.
Technicians monitor crop yields in the agricultural area.
Technicians monitor humidity and air quality in fabrication plants.
Technicians monitor the test activities from the pool side.
Technicians move the test article to another orientation and another test is performed.
Technicians must have experience.
Technicians must have work experience.
Technicians need education.
Technicians need formal education.
Technicians need good organizational skills.
Technicians need organizational skills.
Technicians need skills.
Technicians need technology.
Technicians normally work under the direction of graduate chemists or chemical engineers.
Technicians now are so highly trained, they're like doctors.
Technicians obtain measurements several ways depending on the size and depth of the river.
Technicians only use the equipment.
Technicians operate recording instruments and monitor the testing.
Technicians oversee the machine, stock the bins, and label the containers.
Technicians pass their trade to their children like village craftsmen.
Technicians pay attention.
Technicians pay close attention.
Technicians perform a variety of tests such as x-rays and procedures such as taking blood.
Technicians perform analyses when requested.
Technicians perform much of their work without close supervision.
Technicians perform procedures.
Technicians perform routine process water sampling and laboratory analyses.
Technicians perform simpler tests and generally require a lesser degree of training.
Technicians perform tasks.
Technicians perform tests.
Technicians perform waste categorization on a mysterious barrel.
Technicians play major roles in scientific and medical discoveries.
Technicians possess associate degrees.
Technicians possess degrees.
Technicians pour off the serum annd rinse the pellet with saline.
Technicians prefer to travel at night.
Technicians prepare examination and treatment rooms for veterinarians.
Technicians prepare patients for exams.
Technicians prepare specimens for cultures and analysis, count cells, and look for abnormal cells.
Technicians process photographic film and plates.
Technicians profile and pack hazardous waste for a client.
Technicians provide assistance and training to system users.
Technicians provide assistance.
Technicians provide basic hygiene, linen changes and light meal preparation.
Technicians provide customer services.
Technicians provide education regarding each component and interpret the results.
Technicians provide help and advise for users, run the foundry, organise materials and give tuition.
Technicians provide light housekeeping in patient area and laundry tasks inside the home.
Technicians provide samples.
Technicians provide services.
Technicians provide urine samples.
Technicians rebuild and refurbish the equipment as it is sold.
Technicians receive an hourly wage.
Technicians receive multicraft training.
Technicians receive on-going training and opportunities for professional development.
Technicians receive supervision.
Technicians recommend use.
Technicians record all pertinent data on the reliability data form.
Technicians register approximately six weeks before the exams.
Technicians release radiosondes on balloons as frequently as eight times per day.
Technicians require a practical knowledge of equipment functioning and application.
Technicians reserve the right to choose their clientele as they see fit and proper.
Technicians respond around the clock in the event of system-wide problems.
Technicians save paramedics.
Technicians scramble to correct the malfunction.
Technicians see pianos as music-making machines.
Technicians seem to have almost disappeared from Japanese laboratories.
Technicians sell services.
Technicians sign a certificate of compliance as part of their training.
Technicians sit at various computers.
Technicians sit poised behind banks of computers.
Technicians sort, measure, weigh each fish and determine the sex.
Technicians spend much of their time working with people.
Technicians stand most of the time.
Technicians start stowing flight crew equipment into the crew module today.
Technicians stay in the room during each class, helping things run smoothly.
Technicians store the imagery and medical interpretations on laser discs for quick access.
Technicians struggle to untangle and identify a mass of wires.
Technicians supervise food production and monitor the quality of food service.
Technicians take a series of images of the retina of every diabetic patient they see.
Technicians take and record temperature, pulse and respiration.
Technicians test the underside of a refinery pipeline.
Technicians then divide the hardware and use it to developing systems to fit school needs.
Technicians to perform basic maintenance.
Technicians to perform maintenance.
Technicians to provide services.
Technicians to use equipment.
Technicians train with the unit and are mobilized with it when it's activated.
Technicians troubleshoot and repair laser systems and electro-optical devices.
Technicians typically construct, run, terminate and repair network cabling and fiber optics.
Technicians typically have to do double-duty as site architects and site managers.
Technicians typically work full time.
Technicians understand behavior.
Technicians understand fire behavior.
Technicians update stock by purchasing needed equipment that is running low in stock.
Technicians use a phone that clips directly to the cables to find out which ones are working.
Technicians use a special camera to photograph each child's eyes.
Technicians use a special x-ray machine to take a mammogram.
Technicians use chart patterns to forecast future price movements.
Technicians use computer systems to program equipment and edit audio and video recordings.
Technicians use computers, electron microscopes, and logic analyzers.
Technicians use computers.
Technicians use crossovers to signal price-based buy and sell opportunities.
Technicians use equipment.
Technicians use knowledge.
Technicians use laboratory equipment.
Technicians use lighted magnifiers to see the tiny fossil remains more easily.
Technicians use many kinds of equipment.
Technicians use microwave from the dive boat to feed live programming to the Internet.
Technicians use portable equipment to test the local loops for throughput and noise.
Technicians use safety shields while digesting the samples in fume hoods.
Technicians use sophisticate equipment.
Technicians use specific tools.
Technicians use streams of laser light particles to sculpt transistor components on computer chips.
Technicians use test instruments and analytical equipment as well as computer based systems.
Technicians use test instruments and analytical equipment, as well as computer based systems.
Technicians use test instruments and analytical equipment, as well as computer-based systems.
Technicians use two computers to monitor the units.
Technicians utilize batch terminal to enter transactions in the field.
Technicians utilize techniques.
Technicians utilize the power of vacuum to present unparalleled repair processes.
Technicians walk on the wire mesh to mount the lighting equipment.
Technicians watch the movement of a tick to get a feel for the trend of stock as it trades.
Technicians wear protective clothing and breathing equipment.
Technicians work at computer terminals in the Olympic drug testing laboratory in Sydney, Australia.
Technicians work for agencies.
Technicians work for companies.
Technicians work for firms.
Technicians work for government agencies.
Technicians work for large companies.
Technicians work for large software companies.
Technicians work for other agencies.
Technicians work for other government agencies.
Technicians work for software companies.
Technicians work in industries.
Technicians work in positions.
Technicians work in public schools.
Technicians work in schools.
Technicians work in uncomfortable positions.
Technicians work on automobiles.
Technicians work regular schedules.
Technicians work schedules.
Technicians work under supervision.
Technicians work with common tools, use electronic test equipment, scopes and computer systems.
Technicians work with environmental scientists.
Technicians work with experienced professionals and have frequent contact with the public.
Technicians work with scientists.
Technicians work with such elements as stage design, lighting, and color.
Technicians work with technicians.
Technicians working for the federal government earn more than local or state employees.
Technicians write test plans and later reports when the work is completed.
Technician always sees oil supply and oiling action.
Technicians always apply pesticides in a manner that minimizes damage to non-target organisms.
Technicians always check furnaces and appliances for carbon monoxide.
Technicians often can repair other equipment beyond that listed above.
Technicians often have specialized skills.
Technicians often maintain equipment and machines.
Technicians often make follow-up visits to make sure practices are working according to plan.
Technicians often skip pages, leaving works incomplete.
Technicians often specialize in either installation or maintenance and repair.
Technicians often wear masks to prevent inhalation of the powerful, distinct odor.
Technicians often work with a partner or as part of a crew.
Technicians sometimes design specifications.
Technicians sometimes erect makeshift tents to preserve evidence at a crime scene.
Technicians sometimes supervise production and identify ways to improve productivity.
Technicians usually have their own workbenches.
Technicians usually use slotted screws.
Technicians usually work indoors, in a shop environment.
Technicians usually work indoors.
All technicians are CompTIA Certified .
All technicians are cross trained to perform studies on adult and pediatric patients.
All technicians are factory certified.
All technicians are freelancers.
All technicians are fully certified carpet dyeing technologists or carpet dye masters.
All technicians are likely to work nights, holidays, or weekends at some point in their careers.
All technicians drive clean, safe, and professional appearing vehicles.
All technicians keep careful records.
All technicians participate in ongoing training sessions throughout the year.
All technicians perform the above mentioned duties, as well as have an area of specialization.
All technicians receive field and classroom training before they enter into field work.
All technicians wash their own glassware and clean their working station after every use.
Every technician attends factory schools each year to maintain certification.
Every technician has the capability of working from their home.
Every technician is certified, well trained, and has a fully equipped service vehicle.
Every technicians dream.
Many technicians also take advanced training in a particular system or type of repair.
Many technicians are self-employed, or are on short term contracts.
Many technicians are self-employed.
Many technicians assist engineers and scientists, especially in research and development.
Many technicians choose powder-free latex gloves and avoid the powder difficulty altogether.
Many technicians eventually become supervisors or managers.
Many technicians first earn the certificate and continue their education after getting a job.
Many technicians question the value of making a mini bulls-eye when repairing cracks.
Many technicians recommend submerging the steamers in water overnight to soak off crusties.
Many technicians respond to oil spills.
Many technicians specialize in either crime scene investigation or laboratory analysis.
Many technicians use moving price average to determine the direction of a trend.
Many technicians work at troubleshooting and fixing electrical equipment.
Many technicians work in isolation.
Most technicians are one dimensional.
Most technicians are one-dimensional.
Most technicians are trained on jobs.
Most technicians assist patients.
Most technicians charge a fee per animal.
Most technicians clean the contacts, but never lubricate the tablet mechanisms .
Most technicians conduct experiments.
Most technicians create comprehensive resources.
Most technicians create resources.
Most technicians diagnose brake system problems.
Most technicians diagnose problems.
Most technicians engage in activities.
Most technicians engage in research activities.
Most technicians enter occupations.
Most technicians estimate size.
Most technicians explain methods.
Most technicians find problems.
Most technicians find structural problems.
Most technicians furnish their own hand tools.
Most technicians get jobs.
Most technicians have areas.
Most technicians have certificates.
Most technicians have duties.
Most technicians have hand knowledge.
Most technicians have hands.
Most technicians have knowledge.
Most technicians have personal computers and are on the internet.
Most technicians have preference.
Most technicians help designs.
Most technicians help pharmacists.
Most technicians help surveyors.
Most technicians hold a two-year degree in forest technology.
Most technicians improve skills.
Most technicians learn duties.
Most technicians learn field research techniques.
Most technicians learn job duties.
Most technicians learn on jobs.
Most technicians learn skills.
Most technicians learn techniques.
Most technicians make recommendations.
Most technicians measure amounts.
Most technicians meet requirements.
Most technicians pay attention.
Most technicians pay close attention.
Most technicians perform procedures.
Most technicians perform tasks.
Most technicians perform tests.
Most technicians possess associate degrees.
Most technicians possess degrees.
Most technicians provide assistance.
Most technicians provide customer services.
Most technicians provide samples.
Most technicians provide services.
Most technicians provide urine samples.
Most technicians receive supervision.
Most technicians recommend use.
Most technicians sell services.
Most technicians start out with a fundamentalist background.
Most technicians stretch the upper octaves more than the lower ones.
Most technicians think about recovery in order to resolve disasters such as hardware failures.
Most technicians understand behavior.
Most technicians understand fire behavior.
Most technicians use computers.
Most technicians use either bar, candle or point and figure charts in their work.
Most technicians use equipment.
Most technicians use knowledge.
Most technicians use laboratory equipment.
Most technicians use sophisticate equipment.
Most technicians utilize techniques.
Most technicians work for agencies.
Most technicians work for companies.
Most technicians work for firms.
Most technicians work for government agencies.
Most technicians work for large companies.
Most technicians work for large software companies.
Most technicians work for other agencies.
Most technicians work for other government agencies.
Most technicians work for software companies.
Most technicians work in industries.
Most technicians work in positions.
Most technicians work in public schools.
Most technicians work in schools.
Most technicians work in uncomfortable positions.
Most technicians work on automobiles.
Most technicians work on cars and small trucks.
Most technicians work regular schedules.
Most technicians work under supervision.
Most technicians work with environmental scientists.
Most technicians work with scientists.
Most technicians work with technicians.
Some technicians advance to positions as supervisors.
Some technicians also analyze the information and write abstracts, summaries, or reports.
Some technicians analyze evidence.
Some technicians are responsible for repairing defective equipment.
Some technicians assist food scientists.
Some technicians assist in conducting experiments and procedures.
Some technicians assist land surveyors.
Some technicians assist scientists.
Some technicians assist surveyors.
Some technicians become surveyors.
Some technicians believe that looking at liquidity in the banking system is a superior approach.
Some technicians belong to unions representing hospital or grocery store workers.
Some technicians come into contact.
Some technicians discuss problems.
Some technicians do make commissions from the sale of supplies.
Some technicians ensure floors.
Some technicians ensure wood floors.
Some technicians eventually become supervisors.
Some technicians find excellent careers in technical sales and customer servicing.
Some technicians find simulators useful for duplicating a particularly tough service call.
Some technicians get rats.
Some technicians give instruction.
Some technicians have experience.
Some technicians have samples.
Some technicians have several soil samples.
Some technicians have soil samples.
Some technicians help facilities.
Some technicians help librarians.
Some technicians help roads.
Some technicians help universities.
Some technicians help wastewater treatment facilities.
Some technicians hold cards.
Some technicians hold electronic pass cards.
Some technicians install or repair radios and stereos in vehicles.
Some technicians like to measure by points, others in percentage terms.
Some technicians measure hearts.
Some technicians monitor activities.
Some technicians monitor exploration activities.
Some technicians offer themselves as human bait to the mosquitoes.
Some technicians pick up and deliver orders.
Some technicians place the moving average value on today's date.
Some technicians prefer to work with two swab samples, others only one.
Some technicians pursue further postgraduate studies and move on to become scientists.
Some technicians report petroleum.
Some technicians report successful bleeding of ABS systems without the use of a scan tool.
Some technicians require job trains.
Some technicians require trains.
Some technicians return to homes.
Some technicians sit at computer terminals for a long time.
Some technicians specialize in both brake and front-end work.
Some technicians specialize in certain types of construction projects.
Some technicians specialize in microbiology, hematology, parasitology and other areas.
Some technicians specialize in repairing large trucks, buses, and tractor-trailer units.
Some technicians start their own businesses.
Some technicians take pride.
Some technicians take rays.
Some technicians take x rays.
Some technicians travel to other buildings to test and repair equipment.
Some technicians use best judgment.
Some technicians use computers to tabulate and analyze data.
Some technicians use hand tools.
Some technicians use judgment.
Some technicians use many common tools.
Some technicians use many different tools.
Some technicians use microscopes.
Some technicians use tools.
Some technicians work for internal customers.
Some technicians work full time.
Some technicians work in central facilities where equipment or components are brought for service.
Some technicians work in dental laboratories in their homes, in addition to their regular job.
Some technicians work in hospitals or other healthcare facilities.
Some technicians work in hospitals.
Some technicians work in libraries.
Some technicians work in offices.
Some technicians work on large trucks.
Some technicians work on motorboats.
Some technicians work on trucks.
Some technicians work on vehicles.
Some technicians work part time.
Some technicians work time.
Some technicians work, build experience and later assume supervisory roles or become self-employed.
Some technicians work, build experience and later assume supervisory roles.
Some technicians work, build experience, and later assume supervisory roles or become self-employed.
A technicolor is a method
Technicolor introduces two-color process for movies.
Technicolor prints, too.
Technicolor rainbows flower, piercing.
Technicolors are methods.
Technique distribution costs ten meseta.
Technique fishing is simply a time when an angler goes out to practice fishing techniques.
Technique placement is assigned by the faculty.
Technique text is for technical instructions such as 'pizzicato'.
A technique is a method
Technique alone is just an embroidered pot holder.
Technique alone is never enough.
Technique alone is only part of the solution.
Technique also encourages and develops mystical phenomena.
Technique becomes merely the scaffolding that falls away when the structure is complete.
Technique begins with learning how to use the catalogue of a library.
Technique blows up - at least for awhile.
Technique blows up again.
Technique brings inventions.
Technique can be important here.
Technique can encompass many aspects of dance.
Technique can leave nothing untouched in a civilization.
Technique comes later.
Technique continues as before.
Technique creates meaning.
Technique denies mystery a priori.
Technique depends on a writer's intent.
Technique depends upon gross appearance, location, likely diagnosis and probable treatment.
Technique fails on a multiprocessor system.
Technique gives writers options, which allow creativity to flow and order to arise out of the chaos.
Technique goes global.
Technique goes out the window as emotion and imagination take over.
Technique has a lot to do with it, too.
Technique has no meaning apart from informing vision.
Technique has no meaning apart from some informing vision.
Technique has nothing to do with the outcome.
Technique has to keep up with technology.
Technique improves genetic testing for inherited colon cancer.
Technique includes process of finishing boards, andall aspect of painting the icon.
Technique includes wet into wet, dry brush, glazing, and direct approaches.
Technique integrates the machine into society.
Technique involves adding working genes to cells.
Technique involves ball touch, wrist flick, and body alignment.
Technique involves transfer of mitochondria, which contain genetic material.
Technique is a blessing in that it celebrates the wisdom of practice and the richness of diversity.
Technique is a different thing altogether.
Technique is a mass instrument.
Technique is a means to achieve something.
Technique is a means toward an end.
Technique is a means, whereas spontaneity is a state of mind.
Technique is a medium for the externalisation of ones thoughts.
Technique is a tool, nothing more.
Technique is a tool.
Technique is absolutely vital.
Technique is acquired in organized and free play with other students and faculty.
Technique is acquired with knowledge and honed with practice.
Technique is also a factor.
Technique is also important.
Technique is as particularized a notion as one can imagine, a mechanistic term.
Technique is autonomous with respect to economics and politics.
Technique is based on returning of awareness.
Technique is better than power.
Technique is boundary to democracy.
Technique is checked by use of thyroid bioassay before and after the procedure.
Technique is critical, but so is practising the correct balance of questions.
Technique is critical.
Technique is crucial.
Technique is described with diagrams and photographs.
Technique is described with photographs.
Technique is emphasized.
Technique is equally important.
Technique is essential - drying and baking too quickly causes our models to crack.
Technique is everything.
Technique is failed style.
Technique is important but so is the social feeling of dance.
Technique is important.
Technique is incredibly important.
Technique is just a label.
Technique is just a means of arriving at a statement. . .
Technique is just a means of arriving at a statement.
Technique is just a vehicle in making music.
Technique is learned behavior but style comes naturally.
Technique is learned through repetition.
Technique is like vocabulary.
Technique is more important.
Technique is needed, but there has to be some feeling as well.
Technique is never an artist s enemy.
Technique is no messiah or panacea.
Technique is no more than a neutral bridge between reality and the abstract man.
Technique is nothing more than means and the ensemble of means.
Technique is one thing, the conversation with notes revealing what they mean is another.
Technique is only a means to more effectively reach that end.
Technique is only one aspect of the singer's art, however.
Technique is only secondary to artistic vision.
Technique is only the beginning and foundation for the performing dancer.
Technique is organized as a closed world.
Technique is poor.
Technique is primarily the footwork, and co-ordination with head, arm and hand movements.
Technique is produced entirely by students and receives no funding from the institute.
Technique is required for web site design.
Technique is restricted causing errors to occur when under pressure.
Technique is shown on video tape.
Technique is simple.
Technique is so easy anyone can do it.
Technique is so polished, so expert, it becomes meaning.
Technique is something it is entirely possible to improve.
Technique is taught in the context of pieces rather than through dry technical exercises.
Technique is taught to instill a sense of discipline, rigor and commitment.
Technique is the artistic execution of any move with timing and harmony.
Technique is the best starting point for most beginners.
Technique is the biggest difference between bodybuilding and body-shaping.
Technique is the end-all in skating.
Technique is the focus.
Technique is the form that frees the spirit.
Technique is the foundation of all players, styles, and abilities.
Technique is the governing principle.
Technique is the greatest portion of evaluation.
Technique is the instrument of performance.
Technique is the key ingredient.
Technique is the key to performance and practice is the key to technique.
Technique is the main focus for semi-private classes.
Technique is the means to an end.
Technique is the medium through which power is expressed.
Technique is the other important factor.
Technique is the teasing apart of the ingredients of movement.
Technique is the test of sincerity.
Technique is the way that humans go about doing things.
Technique is to achieve something.
Technique is used in hard drives and tape drives.
Technique is used when an investor believes the stock price is going down.
Technique is useful and valid.
Technique is very important here also.
Technique is very important in performing blood glucose by test strips.
Technique is very important to develop continuity of movement.
Technique is very important to prevent injuries and ensure efficient movements.
Technique is very important.
Technique is vital to playing the drums well.
Technique is vital, but only as a means to another end.
Technique is what fastest come to a change.
Technique is what's really important after all.
Technique is worked on with a major emphasis on rhythm.
Technique isa method.
Technique leads to artistry, which in turn leads to enlightenment and sharing the richness of life.
Technique leads to tactical understanding.
Technique makes the viewer comfortable with the content.
Technique Making beautiful photographs involves nothing more than a bit of conscientious thought.
Technique needs improvement.
Technique needs to gain acceptance by assistive technology developers.
Technique plays a role, too.
Technique refers to any complex of standardized means for attaining a predetermined result.
Technique refers to the correct placement of the feet during the performance.
Technique refers to the form used to present material to be learned.
Technique requires first weakening the blade by marginal notching and then breaking it at the notch.
Technique requires no etching.
Technique requires the use of an internal standard.
Technique s very important.
Technique seems reasonable.
Technique serves the imagination.
Technique shapes an aristocratic society, which in turn implies aristocratic government.
Technique sharply reduces the role of human invention.
Technique takes possession of it and enslaves it.
Technique Turn over on the stomach and place the hands on the floor beside the pectoral muscles.
Technique turns out to be working quite well.
Technique used in The Key is Light film to create the dusty shafts of light in the church.
Technique used is manipulation of orientation maps.
Technique uses moxa sticks in a specially designed massage tool.
Technique varies considerably when playing different instruments.
Techniques address large lettering, rows and borders, combined designs and much more.
Techniques agricoles et productions tropicales.
Techniques allow for detection.
Techniques also come from all disciplines of Horsemanship.
Techniques also have histories of use, and political affiliations.
Techniques also range from manual to automated.
Techniques also vary depending on the age group.
Techniques Apply apparel and accessories techniques in the job setting.
Techniques Apply regular foundation before contouring makeup.
Techniques apply to a broad range of foreign research needs.
Techniques apply to data with arbitrary probability, correlation, and spectral properties.
Techniques apply to management of private and public lands.
Techniques are a beginning.
Techniques are a collection of how-to documents to assist users.
Techniques are also available for identification of tryptophan residues.
Techniques are applicable to determining composition of materials non-symmetrical covalent bonds.
Techniques are applicable to virtually every version of object-oriented analysis and design.
Techniques are at once operational and cultural and symbolic.
Techniques are available for assisting in-class difficulties.
Techniques are available for making precise measurements and continuously updating field conditions.
Techniques are available for rapid processing of multiple indices without retrieving data.
Techniques are available for separating blood from cells.
Techniques are available that can 'partial out' the effects of space.
Techniques are available to allow visualization of the air flow as well.
Techniques are available to prevent or control the reaction.
Techniques are available to test the actual environment.
Techniques are available to test the robustness of controllers.
Techniques are better defined and rates of complication are small.
Techniques are clear and there are projects encouraging work with lots of oddball fabrics.
Techniques are clear.
Techniques are defensive fighting techniques, practiced with a partner.
Techniques are described for estimating densities of macroinvertebrates in the salamander habitats.
Techniques are developed by engineers.
Techniques are developed by princeton university engineers.
Techniques are easy to combine.
Techniques are easy to incorporate into language instruction.
Techniques are exaggeration of physical traits and pointing out the candidate's weaknesses.
Techniques are expanded, and topics in electricity, optics and modern physics are added.
Techniques are for architects.
Techniques are for quantitative determination of trace species in the ambient atmosphere.
Techniques are fragmentary.
Techniques are humane and fun.
Techniques are immediately usable and cost-free.
Techniques are in accordance with Book Conservation best practice.
Techniques are increasingly effective, so that skills achieve greater precision and accuracy.
Techniques are infinite in form.
Techniques are informative.
Techniques are intertextual and are transferable to other dramatic story telling media.
Techniques are introduces on how to optimally allocate resources.
Techniques are likely to include biochemistry, histochemistry and immunohistochemistry.
Techniques are limited to a few blows and thrusts.
Techniques are logical.
Techniques are merely practiced movements until combined with the proper fighting concepts.
Techniques are merely the execution of the mechanics of a move.
Techniques are methods.
Techniques are monotonous, and it is difficult to perform the special techniques.
Techniques are more comfortable and dentists are trained to work with children.
Techniques are now available which allow the utilisation of phosphates recovered from wastewaters.
Techniques are now in hand to improve our estimates of air-sea fluxes.
Techniques are of course shared among faculty.
Techniques are part of the creative edge of counselor self-creation.
Techniques are quite diversified amongst neurosurgeons, and patient responses vary greatly.
Techniques are quite varied, and improvised weapons are taught right along with traditional.
Techniques are routine.
Techniques are simple yet effective.
Techniques are sometimes fiddle-istic with drones and rhythmic, pulsing bow strokes.
Techniques are to be stopped short of damaging contact.
Techniques are tools available to communicate that interpretation.
Techniques are tought to define market situations and consumer behaviour.
Techniques are unique to each instructor.
Techniques are very simple.
Techniques are what the therapist does to help move the client forward.
Techniques Ask client to concentrate on current feelings about difficult past experiences.
Techniques base on knowledge.
Techniques based on moment invariants often perform poorly.
Techniques beautifully illustrated, it s easy to follow as well.
Techniques become metaphors that predispose particular ways of thinking.
Techniques become obsolete.
Techniques can be very useful for ego-strengthening.
Techniques can include reforestation , pest control , irrigation , coppicing and hedge laying .
Techniques can include reforestation, pest control, irrigation, coppicing and hedge laying.
Techniques can include steps such as described above.
Techniques can vary from 'corrective' make up through to character or complex elaborate make up.
Techniques can vary in strength.
Techniques change so fast as to be out of date every few years.
Techniques Check the memory usage with free and top .
Techniques Chew food until saliva breaks down food.
Techniques Click on logo to enter web site.
Techniques combine the use of molecular and cell biological approaches.
Techniques conomisatrices d'eau.
Techniques consist of samples.
Techniques correspond to methods.
Techniques cover all aspects of fly fishing, bait drifting and spinning for steelhead.
Techniques cover aspects.
Techniques cover corrective, old age, fantasy, and character makeups.
Techniques cover various mediums, pouring, kilns, painting, stringing, wigs and clothes.
Techniques covered are acrylic, oil, and watercolor.
Techniques covered are for both right and left hands.
Techniques covered are magnetics, gravity and radiometrics.
Techniques covered are marriage of metals, inlay, and hinge making.
Techniques covered are warm-ups and flexibility, aerobics, running guidelines, and jogging safety.
Techniques covered in the course include multivariate statistical methods and linear programming.
Techniques covered include algorithms for network design and routing.
Techniques covered include basket and vase arrangements.
Techniques covered include decision theory, forecasting, linear programming, and queuing analysis.
Techniques covered include direct application, color remover, and thickened dyes.
Techniques covered include pasta making, advanced yeast dough, glazing and ice cream.
Techniques covered include picking out scales, chords, and arpeggios.
Techniques covered include satin stitch, lace making, embellishment, cut work, and bobbin work.
Techniques covered include simulations, games, animation, and artificial intelligence.
Techniques covered include stamping,watercolor stamping, backgrounds, fabric painting and much more.
Techniques create legal problems.
Techniques create problems.
Techniques create thorny legal problems.
Techniques create thorny problems.
Techniques currently do exist to protect confidentiality.
Techniques Cut with trowel.
Techniques deal with effects.
Techniques Deciding whether the beach is too rough to launch is tricky for newcomers.
Techniques Demonstrate proper root planing techniques on a periodontal patient.
Techniques depend on circumstances.
Techniques depend on observations.
Techniques depend on states.
Techniques depend on the hypothesis space and the performance criterion.
Techniques depend on the problem to be solved.
Techniques describe employment of specific components and systems of ships or aircraft.
Techniques describe the basic methods of using equipment and personnel.
Techniques Describe various plaque control and desensitization techniques.
Techniques described include photokinesis and puppet, clay and computer animation.
Techniques deserve far more attention that they usually get in recipe column.
Techniques detect proteins.
Techniques develop in fields.
Techniques develop in laboratories.
Techniques develop over years.
Techniques developed by their ancestors are still in use today.
Techniques differ in the range of their attacks.
Techniques discussed are applicable to the classroom, clinical or laboratory setting.
Techniques discussed include clipping of wings and trimming of nails and beak.
Techniques discussed include dating methods and compositional analysis.
Techniques discussed include informal observation, miscue analysis, and portfolio assessment.
Techniques discussed include photography, photometry, and spectroscopy.
Techniques discussed include use of line, value, color, texture, perspective and composition.
Techniques document to be available as a draft Note at the same time.
Techniques Draw a design on lightweight, absorbent paper, such as newsprint or computer paper.
Techniques emphasize back or negative painting and glazing .
Techniques emphasize guided tissue regeneration and vital root amputation.
Techniques emphasize self-expression of children as they learn to move and move to learn.
Techniques employed include a variety of quantum and classical mechanics methods.
Techniques employed include econometric analysis, modeling, and computer simulation.
Techniques employed include environmental, educational and early intervention strategies.
Techniques employed include in vivo models, gene expression and regulation.
Techniques employed include magnetic storage and optical storage .
Techniques employed include microbe trapping and molecular probes.
Techniques employed include remote sensing, field studies, and sample analysis.
Techniques ensure quality.
Techniques ensure routine.
Techniques Equipping staff with the right innovation techniques is important.
Techniques exist that allow genes to be knocked of the genome of many of the model organisms .
Techniques exist that allow the fusion of multiple platform searches into a composite picture.
Techniques exist that allow web browsers to encrypt and decode data exchanged over the Internet.
Techniques exist that can boost performance dramatically over current production systems.
Techniques exist that induce simple context free grammars from syntactically correct sentences.
Techniques exist that protect land even in fragile ecosystems.
Techniques exist to date all geological materials, from billions of years to historical records.
Techniques exist to recover erased serial numbers using acid or magnetic methods.
Techniques facilitate identification.
Techniques fade Despair off figure before any taylormade lcg than changed near none chin.
Techniques fall into the categories of quality improvement, planning, and measurement.
Techniques follow the manuals quite closely.
Techniques frighten End from illness off a anxiety and sport nor awaked out an glow.
Techniques frighten End from illness off a anxiety attack symptom nor awaked out an glow.
Techniques frighten End from illness off a anxiety disorder nor awaked out an glow.
Techniques frighten End from illness off a find a psychiatrist nor awaked out an glow.
Techniques Get or make some camera support and grip equipment, and learn how to use it.
Techniques get the unique experience of going on board a research vessel in Lake Superior.
Techniques give details on how commanders actually carry out assignments.
Techniques go in and out of style.
Techniques govern actions.
Techniques grow from capabilities.
Techniques has inside whatever rocket but indicates Arctic cat parts.
Techniques have advantage.
Techniques have limitations.
Techniques have origins.
Techniques have several advantage.
Techniques have values.
Techniques have various configurable options and can be used in any order.
Techniques have very little to do with producing results.
Techniques help life.
Techniques help researchers.
Techniques help thoughts.
Techniques help users.
Techniques improve conditions.
Techniques improve quality.
Techniques improve usefulness.
Techniques include analyses.
Techniques include dimensional analyses.
Techniques include measurements.
Techniques include treatments.
Techniques include use.
Techniques Includes literature and music for piano instruction.
Techniques includes stances, blocking, punching, kicking and striking.
Techniques introduced include, paper tying, color blockeing, using acrylics, chalking and more.
Techniques involve a radical reading list, group projects, and student-centered instruction.
Techniques involve application of domain specific linguistic templates which are hard to create.
Techniques involve biomedical, physiological, and molecular biological.
Techniques involve concepts.
Techniques involve extreme value statistics, model hydrographs, routing, etc.
Techniques involve identification.
Techniques involve individuals.
Techniques involve observations.
Techniques involve stories, record keeping with star charts and so forth, and lots of encouragement.
Techniques involve thermocouple psychrometry, gas exchange, and porometry.
Techniques involved are conventional extracellular recording from nerves near the brain of the crab.
Techniques involved include mass spectrometry, ion beams, molecular beams, and laser spectroscopy.
Techniques involving spatial juxtaposition and montage are also explored.
Techniques jump around that shame if grow waterford millennium crystal.
Techniques Know about SDS-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis of proteins.
Techniques known only in a certain region or state often work in waters all around the country.
Techniques lain in the grant until tremble boomerang magazines.
Techniques lead to development.
Techniques lead to discoveries.
Techniques Learn the appropriate ground sizes for filter drip, espresso and french plunger pot.
Techniques Learn to think funny.
Techniques make great use of pain.
Techniques makes it easy.
Techniques may have beneficial effects.
Techniques may have effects.
Techniques motivated by the needs and intuitions from each field can illuminate the other.
Techniques Never open file attachments from strangers.
Techniques now allow much information to be gathered without ever disturbing a site.
Techniques now exist for handling more generally multidimensional structures which change over time.
Techniques offer accuracy.
Techniques outline in publications.
Techniques perpetuate previous skills without regression.
Techniques primarily involve analysis of geophysical data and drill core samples.
Techniques produce best results.
Techniques produce results.
Techniques provide benefits.
Techniques provide environmental benefits.
Techniques provide experience.
Techniques provide information.
Techniques provide many options.
Techniques provide only temporary relief.
Techniques provide options.
Techniques provide relief.
Techniques provide temporary relief.
Techniques provide vital information.
Techniques range across internal and external media, print, electronic and audiovisual media.
Techniques range from easy to difficult and stylised to realistic.
Techniques range from engraving, etching and lithography to pastel, watercolor and photography.
Techniques range from fishing in a small prams or float tubes, to stalking fish in the shallows.
Techniques range from genetic mapping to advanced technologies for gasification and liquefaction.
Techniques range from gradually adjusting bedtime hours to using a urine alarm for bed-wetting.
Techniques range from mild, relaxing sedation to complete anesthetic sleep.
Techniques range from needs assessment through summative evaluation.
Techniques range from patchclamp analyses of single channels to studies of complex field potentials.
Techniques range from pencil, paper, and calculators through sophisticated computer software.
Techniques range from subluxation to spinal manipulation.
Techniques range from the molecular to the molar.
Techniques range from vigorous to very gentle contact.
Techniques relate to skills.
Techniques rely on principles.
Techniques require a lifetime of perfecting.
Techniques require applications.
Techniques require assistance.
Techniques require concepts.
Techniques require conditions.
Techniques require contact.
Techniques require experience.
Techniques require information.
Techniques require knowledge.
Techniques require labor.
Techniques require multiple applications.
Techniques reveal great similarity.
Techniques reveal similarity.
Techniques reward above that bonneville sport.
Techniques See also photo.net .
Techniques shed light.
Techniques show accumulation.
Techniques show braid in ribbon, scarves, lace, bridal Veiling and fabrics.
Techniques show differences.
Techniques show limitations.
Techniques shown are TB testing in primates and blood collection.
Techniques take advantage.
Techniques transfer to other styles of guitar.
Techniques Trolling is a good way to find dolphin fish.
Techniques use energy.
Techniques use genetics.
Techniques use indicators.
Techniques use large, fluid circles, and wider motions, with much more graceful steps.
Techniques use materials.
Techniques use patterns.
Techniques use products.
Techniques use simple differential and integral calculus.
Techniques Use the language of the patient.
Techniques used are analytical, large scale numerical, with an emphasis on comuter graphics.
Techniques used are traditional female crafts such as macrame, weaving, plaiting and knitting.
Techniques used in a fight are only a small part of that process.
Techniques used in home equity schemes vary but they typically involve the same key features.
Techniques used in home equity schemes vary, but they typically involve the same key features.
Techniques used in primary prevention include health risk assessments and health education.
Techniques used in removing shellac depend a great deal on the nature of the specimen.
Techniques used in tertiary prevention also include disease management.
Techniques used in the modeling include logistic regression, decision trees, and markov chains.
Techniques used include an array of molecular and biochemical approaches.
Techniques used include atomic force microscopy and patch-clamp electrophysiology.
Techniques used include augering, coring, resistivity, to name a few.
Techniques used include designer's gouache, pen and ink, pencil, and colored pencil.
Techniques used include endovascular therapies, microsurgery, radiosurgery and endoscopic surgery.
Techniques used include fluorescent antibody testing, viral isolation, and electron microscopy.
Techniques used include metal repouse techniques, metal castings and metal fabrications.
Techniques used include microscopy, genetics, and molecular biology.
Techniques used include organ and chorio-allantoic membrane cultures of bone and cartilage tissues.
Techniques used include orthogonalization, conjugate gradient, and quasi-Newton algorithms.
Techniques used include physical separation, biological treatment, and chemical treatment.
Techniques used include process tomography and pressure analysis.
Techniques used include speciation and niching, negative correlation, etc.
Techniques used include telephone surveys, focus groups, and personal interviews.
Techniques used include weaving, knitting, free form fibre art, and felting.
Techniques used include X-ray and neutron diffraction and electron microscopy.
Techniques used involve standard canons, polytonal canons, canons by augmentation or diminution.
Techniques used on many dairies to reduce heat stress also influence a waste-management system.
Techniques using lexicons for content interpretation are yet to come.
Techniques using reward and punishment and behavior modification are beyond their mental ability.
Techniques utilized include expression cloning, immunohistochemistry and electrophysiology.
Techniques vary among practitioners.
Techniques vary by needle depth, angle and movement.
Techniques vary depending on the size and location of the spill.
Techniques vary due to weld material, weld thickness, weld process and even code requirements.
Techniques vary for controlling overcrowding and the environmental wear and tear it causes.
Techniques vary from dry flies to nymphs to streamers.
Techniques vary from injection below the symphysis pubis to ring block of the shaft.
Techniques vary from region to region but usually a denser weave results in a finer quality piece.
Techniques vary in their costs, as well as in scope and accuracy.
Techniques vary over time, have to adapt.
Techniques vary somewhat for each search engine, but are all based on the same principle.
Techniques vary widely within the metal finishing industry.
Techniques vary with each animal, but most follow the same general process.
Techniques vary with individual artists.
Techniques Welcome back, DynAPI enthusiasts.
Techniques work because the physical laws of moving bodies and motion work.
Technique always supposes centralization.
Techniques often do vary from person to person, there is no absolute 'right' way.
All techniques are acceptable.
All techniques are defensive.
All techniques are doctor tested and approved.
All techniques are easy to learn and are deadly effective.
All techniques are in good agreement for the series resistance of the interconnect.
All techniques are practical and attainable.
All techniques are productive when used properly.
All techniques are quite insensitive to inhomogeneous and accelerated motion.
All techniques are valid in theory.
All techniques are welcome.
All techniques basically revolve around dividing the world into a series of regular grid cells.
All techniques described have their strengths and weakness' but all follow a few basic plans.
All techniques have at least three components.
All techniques have exercises that follow to lead to behavioral integration of the materials.
All techniques have their avid adherents, their devoted followers.
All techniques possess a number of advantages and disadvantages.
All techniques practiced are applicable to high and college option football rules.
All techniques rely on precise timing, speed and the concentration of power.
All techniques seem interesting.
All techniques start from a small, but complex group of movements known as ginga.
All techniques support one or two lives or a term of years, where appropriate.
All techniques target a single attacker.
All techniques use either the existing hair or the skin as anchor sites.
Any technique is valid that makes energy flow again.
Every technique has a specific function which depends on the opponent's reactions.
Every technique has different rules for operation.
Every technique is a series of overwhelming attacks directed to various targets of the body.
Every technique is a springboard, a jumping-off place.
Every technique is modified to be adapted to the cultural character of the family in question.
Every technique is tuned for maximum effectiveness and safety for the practitioner.
Many techniques also arise from the in between positions.
Many techniques also exist to take a gene back out of a plasmid.
Many techniques also produce unique microstructures that dramatically impact materials performance.
Many techniques are available for effective screening and selection of candidate materials.
Many techniques are available for studying substorm phenomena.
Many techniques are available such as bonding, porcelain laminates and bleaching.
Many techniques are available to gain insight into what is happening in a community.
Many techniques are available to minimize environmental damage during construction.
Many techniques are available to solve nonlinear simulation problems.
Many techniques are available to train oneself to dream lucidly.
Many techniques are available to treat contaminated soil on-site.
Many techniques are equally applicable at all instructional levels.
Many techniques are good to practise with swords because they originated in sword work.
Many techniques are in common usage in the laboratory for target production.
Many techniques are most effective when performed directly to the body.
Many techniques are now available to add interaction to a web page.
Many techniques are original, and all are proven effective.
Many techniques currently exist for studying coal quality.
Many techniques currently used by developers can interfere with the accessibility of a site.
Many techniques easily blend into our modelling work.
Many techniques exist for both recruitment and selection.
Many techniques exist for developing optimal controllers.
Many techniques exist to extract paleoclimate information from marine sediments.
Many techniques exist to modify, direct or observe the activity of the breath.
Many techniques exist to support the design of algorithms.
Many techniques exists to assist the software manager in making project estimates.
Many techniques heat the material to reduce the force needed to deform it.
Many techniques involving fetal intervention are of uncertain therapeutic efficacy.
Many techniques now used to market to kids online are unfair and manipulative, says the group.
Many techniques rely upon a priori information about the document layout.
Many techniques used by creditors and collection agencies are illegal.
Many techniques work in the proper hands.
Most techniques allow for detection.
Most techniques are developed by engineers.
Most techniques are developed by princeton university engineers.
Most techniques are invasive and thus uncomfortable for a subject.
Most techniques consist of samples.
Most techniques correspond to methods.
Most techniques cover aspects.
Most techniques create legal problems.
Most techniques create problems.
Most techniques create thorny legal problems.
Most techniques create thorny problems.
Most techniques deal with effects.
Most techniques depend on circumstances.
Most techniques depend on observations.
Most techniques depend on states.
Most techniques described have as their purose the identification of trend direction.
Most techniques detect proteins.
Most techniques develop in fields.
Most techniques develop in laboratories.
Most techniques develop over years.
Most techniques discussed in the martial arts magazines work very well for such individuals.
Most techniques emphasize defining the problem.
Most techniques ensure quality.
Most techniques ensure routine.
Most techniques facilitate identification.
Most techniques govern actions.
Most techniques have advantage.
Most techniques have limitations.
Most techniques have origins.
Most techniques have several advantage.
Most techniques have values.
Most techniques help life.
Most techniques help researchers.
Most techniques help thoughts.
Most techniques help users.
Most techniques improve conditions.
Most techniques improve quality.
Most techniques improve usefulness.
Most techniques involve concepts.
Most techniques involve identification.
Most techniques involve individuals.
Most techniques involve observations.
Most techniques lead to development.
Most techniques lead to discoveries.
Most techniques offer accuracy.
Most techniques produce best results.
Most techniques produce results.
Most techniques provide benefits.
Most techniques provide environmental benefits.
Most techniques provide experience.
Most techniques provide information.
Most techniques provide many options.
Most techniques provide only temporary relief.
Most techniques provide options.
Most techniques provide relief.
Most techniques provide temporary relief.
Most techniques provide vital information.
Most techniques relate to skills.
Most techniques rely on principles.
Most techniques rely on stepwise refinement of the model.
Most techniques require applications.
Most techniques require assistance.
Most techniques require concepts.
Most techniques require conditions.
Most techniques require contact.
Most techniques require experience.
Most techniques require information.
Most techniques require knowledge.
Most techniques require labor.
Most techniques require multiple applications.
Most techniques require only the most basic of tools.
Most techniques reveal great similarity.
Most techniques reveal similarity.
Most techniques shed light.
Most techniques show accumulation.
Most techniques show differences.
Most techniques show limitations.
Most techniques show substantial size distortions for asymptotic t tests.
Most techniques take advantage.
Most techniques traumatize the fat causing unpredictable results.
Most techniques use an incision behind the ear to expose the ear cartilage.
Most techniques use energy.
Most techniques use genetics.
Most techniques use indicators.
Most techniques use materials.
Most techniques use patterns.
Most techniques use products.
Most techniques utilize runtime support and are oriented towards multiprocessor computers.
Some techniques act fairly locally, such as getting the color of a vertex.
Some techniques aim at serving business interests more directly.
Some techniques allow determination.
Some techniques also carry their own ethical burdens.
Some techniques apply to conditions.
Some techniques apply to preparation.
Some techniques are almost universally effective.
Some techniques are already available commercially.
Some techniques are better and more complete than others for particular situations.
Some techniques are better suited to large groups, others are more targeted.
Some techniques are dangerous to the user and to others.
Some techniques are developed by chemists.
Some techniques are different, depending on the driver.
Some techniques are easier to do with the needle, others are more difficult.
Some techniques are escapes.
Some techniques are French, but there are Asian and Italian touches as well.
Some techniques are general enough to be used for any class.
Some techniques are harder to do than others.
Some techniques are improvements on old ideas and some are an introduction to new presentations.
Some techniques are more costly than others.
Some techniques are more efficient than others.
Some techniques are much lighter.
Some techniques are used by animal trainers.
Some techniques are used by archaeologists.
Some techniques are used by birds.
Some techniques are used by breeders.
Some techniques are used by dolphins.
Some techniques are used by gardeners.
Some techniques are used by men.
Some techniques are used by moose.
Some techniques are used by seabirds.
Some techniques are used by successful gardeners.
Some techniques are used by teams.
Some techniques are used by trainers.
Some techniques are used by wing seabirds.
Some techniques are useful for video.
Some techniques are very creative.
Some techniques can be learned by the individual alone, others require more formal instruction.
Some techniques can improve resolution and noise immunity.
Some techniques cause varying types and degrees of discomfort and changes in sensorium.
Some techniques combine genetics.
Some techniques combine with biology techniques.
Some techniques combine with techniques.
Some techniques enable researchers.
Some techniques ensure survival.
Some techniques ensure tight tolerance.
Some techniques ensure tolerance.
Some techniques exist for detection.
Some techniques exist for early detection.
Some techniques exist for evaluating hypertext links and applications.
Some techniques facilitate effort.
Some techniques facilitate such effort.
Some techniques follow wildfires.
Some techniques have broad applicability.
Some techniques have fuel.
Some techniques have greater success with different types of groups.
Some techniques have several variations on the same theme.
Some techniques have techniques.
Some techniques have to be adapted to suit the heavy bodybuilder.
Some techniques help babies.
Some techniques help good harvest.
Some techniques help harvest.
Some techniques help mold problems.
Some techniques help problems.
Some techniques help the patient to develop a sense of detachment from the pain.
Some techniques identify seasonal variation.
Some techniques identify variation.
Some techniques involve a neutral third party acting as a facilitator.
Some techniques involve absorption.
Some techniques involve breaths.
Some techniques involve construction.
Some techniques involve embryos.
Some techniques involve injections.
Some techniques involve interaction.
Some techniques involve manipulation.
Some techniques involve operations.
Some techniques involve separation.
Some techniques involve sperm injections.
Some techniques involve surgery.
Some techniques know as echolocation.
Some techniques lead to injuries.
Some techniques pose problems.
Some techniques produce textures that tile seamlessly.
Some techniques provide analyses.
Some techniques provide comprehensive analyses.
Some techniques provide identification.
Some techniques provide transmissions.
Some techniques provide ventilation.
Some techniques recommended by experts are to think positive thoughts.
Some techniques reduce cost.
Some techniques rely on beams.
Some techniques rely on previously determined sequence data.
Some techniques require inspections.
Some techniques require interpretations.
Some techniques require special equipment, and safety is an important consideration.
Some techniques require storage.
Some techniques require use.
Some techniques result in infection.
Some techniques result in injuries.
Some techniques result in skin infection.
Some techniques save life.
Some techniques seem to work better with smaller bores than larger bores, and vice-versa.
Some techniques show a dialog box to allow changes of some parameter of the visualization technique.
Some techniques show benefits.
Some techniques show details.
Some techniques show physiological benefits.
Some techniques stimulate growth.
Some techniques stimulate hair growth.
Some techniques take several sonatas to explore fully.
Some techniques use balls.
Some techniques use comparison.
Some techniques use deep kneading motions and others use light pressure or long strokes.
Some techniques use engines.
Some techniques use extractions.
Some techniques use foam.
Some techniques use for activities.
Some techniques use for discoveries.
Some techniques use for thyroid activities.
Some techniques use for treatments.
Some techniques use gases.
Some techniques use in biotechnology.
Some techniques use in medicine.
Some techniques use in modern biotechnology.
Some techniques use in preparation.
Some techniques use in sample preparation.
Some techniques use instruments.
Some techniques use large telescopes.
Some techniques use light sources.
Some techniques use liquid foam.
Some techniques use magnets.
Some techniques use medical instruments.
Some techniques use percussions.
Some techniques use soft music.
Some techniques use sources.
Some techniques use specialize medical instruments.
Some techniques use techniques.
Some techniques use telescopes.
Some techniques work better for certain people while other techniques work better for other people.
Some techniques work better in different wind and water conditions than others.
Some techniques work better in some families than others.
Some techniques yield detection.
Techno music beats.
Techno music blasts from hotels that have been converted into nightclubs.
Techno music is all the rage across the pond, but disdained here by most people.
Techno music is characterized by an electronic, digital, fast beat created by drum machines.
Techno music is electronic music.
Techno music is music.
Techno music is played seven days a week, which clearly means it is primarily a Chinese joint.
Techno music is really popular here.
Techno music is the jam at dance clubs and is heard on the radio more regularly than rap.
Techno music is the new acid rock, replacing the mellower tones of the incense-filled rooms of yore.
Techno music is usually just so damn happy.
Techno music pounds from giant speakers as the machines are made ready in an asphalt arena.
Techno music throbs through the speakers.
A techno is dance music
Techno beats with lazed Guitar pieces in background leads a cool tune.
Techno breakbeats whip up the requisite frenzy of wild dancing that puts the fun in funfair.
Techno fans only.
Techno files techo.mid Pretty good.
Techno is digital, thus involunteerily becoming sampling material itself.
Techno is like a fad.
Techno is music without a foreground.
Techno is real and hard and about desperation, as opposed to ambition.
Techno reigns on Thursdays, complete with mirrors, lasers and spandexed house dancers.
Techno wools with polyester convey a distressed, washed look that is very now.
Technos are dance music.
A technobabble is jargon
Technobabble is as old as the hills.
Technobabble is irrelevant.
Technobabble is the language of death.
Technobabbles are jargon.
A technocrat is a politician
Technocrat runs nude photo .
Technocrats are experts.
Technocrats are politicians.
Technocrats conceptualize ideal treatment as a cost effective care.
Technocrats now have a different attitude.
Technocratic ideology appears deterministic.
Technologic advances continue to characterize the modern practice of scientific medicine.
Technologic change happens roughly one million times as fast as genetic change.
Technologic evolution creates new industries.
Technological acceleration is accompanied by a big shutting-down of ethical perception.
Technological access is a paramount concern.
Technological accumulation tends to be incremental.
Technological achievement is something to behold, and to celebrate.
Technological achievement is unknown.
Technological achievement reduces cost.
Technological adaptability is a requirement for today's accounting professional.
Technological advance comes from things that people do.
Technological advance is applied through capital and capital comes from savings.
Technological advance is good for the game of golf, good for any game for that matter.
Technological advance is the only means of economic growth.
Technological advance leads to gains in productivity, but creates few employment outlets.
Technological advance means economic growth, higher productivity, and more security.
Technological advances allow some insurers to target niche areas or key geographic regions.
Technological advances are a double-edged sword.
Technological advances are also significant.
Technological advances are also tools that have helped businesses to manage customer relationships.
Technological advances are crucial tools for job seekers with disabilities.
Technological advances are great and all, but there's a point where enough is enough.
Technological advances are in every facet of our lives, even down to the modern day furnace.
Technological advances are one factor in the recent progress of neuroscience research.
Technological advances are such that most disciplines are open to students with disabilities.
Technological advances are without doubt the most important contributor to economic growth today.
Technological advances breed something even more profound than convenience.
Technological advances bring new challenges in areas such as human cloning and 'designer babies'.
Technological advances can change customer requirements and preferences almost overnight.
Technological advances can eliminate getting lost anymore.
Technological advances can help answer the question of what's left to discover.
Technological advances come faster and faster.
Technological advances continue apace.
Technological advances create an extremely fluid and rapidly changing networked environment.
Technological advances create cost-effective solutions in data transfer.
Technological advances create new demands for diagnostic reasoning and clinical judgment.
Technological advances create possibilities for constraining or enabling participation.
Technological advances enlarge the constituency.
Technological advances explain the dramatic increase in telecommuting.
Technological advances get special attention here.
Technological advances go against sexual taboos.
Technological advances happen rapidly in the computer field.
Technological advances have an enormous impact on health and physical education.
Technological advances increase course options.
Technological advances make it possible for people to live longer.
Technological advances make it possible to hire fewer workers and maintain or increase profit.
Technological advances make their job even more difficult.
Technological advances mean night no longer offers enemy supply columns a respite from air attack.
Technological advances mean that newer aircraft are quieter and more efficient.
Technological advances offer another useful way to improve government services and operations.
Technological advances offer exciting new opportunities.
Technological advances permit more readily achievable various tunable lasers.
Technological advances position the specialty at the forefront of academic and clinical medicine.
Technological advances produce greater yields of preferred domestic food crops, protein, and fiber.
Technological advances provide tools that make data processing more efficient and user-friendly.
Technological advances stimulate innovations in food product development.
Technological advances threaten to lead to wider applications of the pervasiveness doctrine.
Every technological advance brings both an opportunity and a threat.
Every technological advance creates both winners and losers.
Every technological advance requires engineers to take a concept and make it work.
Most technological advances derive from ideas of artists and theorists.
Some technological advances remains, however.
Technological advancement is a mixed blessing for the humble computer purchaser on a limited budget.
Technological advancement leads to concentration.
Technological advancements are major contributors to the spread of check fraud.
Technological advancements impact the world.
Technological advancements necessitates continual updating of equipment for the labs.
Technological advancements require input from many disciplines and many researchers.
Technological advancements require new telecommunicationand infrastructure.
All technological advancements begin with extensive research and development.
Many technological alternatives exist to support network development.
Technological analysis being skewed by a separate product legal argument creates a confusing text.
Technological answers are available.
Most technological artifacts have multiple potential uses.
Technological breakdown focuses upon mega-pixel technology.
Technological capabilities cover a wide spectrum of technical efforts undertaken by firms.
Technological capability is important in developing alternative fee billing systems.
Technological change allows capital to move almost instantaneously.
Technological change brings new opportunities.
Technological change can destroy a business within months.
Technological change can displace some workers from their jobs while it creates jobs for others.
Technological change can move at lightning speed.
Technological change can scare employees who have less experience with automation.
Technological change continues to be important.
Technological change continues to have a major impact on service provision.
Technological change contributes to national competitiveness in two ways.
Technological change implies that eventually more output can be produced by a unit of labor.
Technological change is a complex process whose workings are only partially understood.
Technological change is almost certainly more significant.
Technological change is also likely to affect the relationship between education and training.
Technological change is an opportunity for some one and a threat for other one.
Technological change is concerned with the technical implementation of cadastral systems.
Technological change is increasingly rapid.
Technological change is introduced into the capital stock primarily through new investments.
Technological change is investment specific.
Technological change is likely to continue to increase the demand for skilled workers.
Technological change is one of the most powerful factors driving policy and the world of ideas.
Technological change is one of the principal drivers of competition.
Technological change is part of the same process, and magnifies it, of course.
Technological change is positive.
Technological change is so fluid.
Technological change is, above all, a social phenomenon.
Technological change occurs as a single isolated event.
Technological change plays an important role.
Technological change poses a twofold threat to archives.
Technological change reduces the resources that are needed to produce a good.
Technological change seems to require a shift of emphasis from corporation to government.
Technological change tends to increase the rate of economic growth.
Technological change tends to work less well than a social issue on which attitudes have changed.
Technological changes alter entire cultures.
Technological changes are certainly a part of it.
Technological changes are essential for earnings growth and for expanded employment opportunities.
Technological changes are part of even broader changes at many levels from the local to the global.
Technological changes can affect every level of a company.
Technological changes come faster and faster, and each is greater than the last.
Technological changes continue to revolutionize telecommunications.
Technological changes create ethical issues.
Technological changes increase ease of access to information, which influences where boundaries are.
Technological changes is another.
Technological changes necessitate constant upgrading of information systems and equipment.
Technological changes reorder the rules of business competition.
Technological changes require frequent upgrading.
Technological changes seem to be happening at increasing speed.
Technological changes take years to diffuse through the economy.
Technological changes tend to come in waves.
Most technological changes have direct or unintended consequences that defy measurement.
Some technological changes are disruptive .
Some technological changes are incremental .
Technological civilization is great for making keys to unlock doors to power.
Technological civilization is man's conquest of space.
Technological competitiveness can suffer due to fewer strategic partnerships.
Some technological consideration relates to realization.
Technological control is a way of protecting a particular copyrighted work.
Technological convergence opens up new opportunities.
Technological currency is essential in the marketplace.
Technological decisions have an impact on all aspects of peoples lives.
Technological deficiencies discourage sophisticated monitoring.
Technological design is another area suffering from widespread failure of imagination.
Technological design is important to building knowledge in physical science.
Technological design plays an important role in building chemistry knowledge.
Technological design plays an important role in building knowledge in biology.
Technological designs have constraints that can limit design choices.
Technological designs have constraints, such as properties of materials or friction.
Technological designs have constraints, such as properties of materials.
Technological designs have constraints.
Technological designs have restraints.
Technological determinism comes in different forms.
Technological determinism is the reification of technology.
Technological determinism is the theory that technology is an autonomous force that changes society.
Technological development gives new dimensions to maintenance and preservation.
Technological development is also an evolutionary process.
Technological development is faster than ever.
Technological development is important to ensure good service, high quality and prompt delivery.
Technological development is largely a matter of chance.
Technological development is one side of the coin.
Technological development is seen as part of a continuum of evolutionary change.
Technological development is seen as ultimately concerned with devising ways of increasing idleness.
Technological development leads to increase the demand for new knowledges.
Technological development occurs in setting.
Technological development requires more electricity.
Technological development requires special education.
Technological development transforms what it is to be human.
Technological developments are also a form of capital investment though somewhat less enduring.
Technological developments are at once both drivers of change and, in turn, driven by such change.
Technological developments change our lives almost on a daily basis.
Technological developments come thick and fast.
Technological developments create world-wide audiences.
Technological developments pervade all sectors of our society, and all academic disciplines.
Technological developments provide newer alternatives for quality assurance.
All technological developments have a societal context.
Most technological development occurs in setting.
Some technological development creates dramatic effects.
Some technological development creates effects.
Some technological development leads to inventions.
Technological devices are available to help students with their writing.
Some technological devices use principles.
All technological discourse can be and frequently is monitored.
Technological discoveries are inevitable.
Technological education is tied directly to the development of curriculum.
Technological efficiency can lower energy consumption by a factor three to five.
Technological enlightenment is therefore in no way a new recent fad.
Technological equity requires monetary investment.
Every technological era is defined by a new abundance and a new scarcity.
Technological evolution is another such evolutionary process.
Technological expansion is an ongoing goal.
Technological expertise is an invaluable skill in all fields.
Technological expertise is increasingly essential to operations.
Technological expertise is one of the foundations of Paragon's success.
Technological factors influence life.
Technological fixes are another possibility.
Technological fixes are more illusory than a genuine solution.
Technological fixes are, in any case, difficult and often ineffectual.
Technological fluency is a basic skill.
Technological fluency is as important to tomorrow's workforce as reading, writing, and arithmetic.
Technological foundation uses technical affordances to add interactivity to instruction.
Technological generations flip so quickly now that innovation is a daily expectation.
Technological growth is blamed for much of the increase in health costs.
Some technological growth destroys sources.
Some technological hazards are easier to perceive than others.
Technological help is available there from student assistants.
Technological history is littered with the carcasses of fantastic inventions.
Technological hurdles remain, too.
Technological improvement is capital.
Technological improvement leads to economic growth.
Technological improvement means more than computers.
Technological improvements allow students to register for classes and check their grades by phone.
Technological improvements are an important aspect of the project.
Technological improvements are primarily linear, or mildly nonlinear.
Technological improvements designed to enhance efficiency and services are also under development.
Technological improvements tend to come in waves, and the waves are coming faster than ever before.
Technological innovation can create new demand.
Technological innovation can disrupt our private spheres.
Technological innovation can make immense contributions to pollution prevention.
Technological innovation can serve as the engine that drives pollution prevention.
Technological innovation continues to transform our lives at an ever-increasing rate.
Technological innovation does pose risks, but so also does technological stagnation.
Technological innovation helps the U.S. economy and consumers.
Technological innovation hurts some workers.
Technological innovation is a driving force in the world economy and has no distinctive nationality.
Technological innovation is a hallmark.
Technological innovation is a library priority.
Technological innovation is as important to today s global markets as product innovation.
Technological innovation is but one additional tool.
Technological innovation is critical.
Technological innovation is just one stone in a large and complex mosaic.
Technological innovation is key to enhancing the efficiency of all of our transportation practices.
Technological innovation is like a hockey stick - there is a long shaft and then the blade.
Technological innovation is more prevalent among larger manufacturers.
Technological innovation is new technology creating new pro- ducts and services.
Technological innovation is often the source of significant improvements or points of difference.
Technological innovation is promoted by fostering the openness of the Internet platform.
Technological innovation is related to more than one scientific field.
Technological innovation is the propelling force of capitalism.
Technological innovation is too important to be left to the technologists.
Technological innovation is vital in the new knowledge-based global economy.
Technological innovation leads directly to a speeding up of existing processes.
Technological innovation occurs continually and is dynamic part of the wealth-creating process.
Technological innovation supports learning in a constantly changing environment.
Technological innovation translates into benefits to our customers in many ways.
Technological innovations affect banking capacity by changing production costs.
Technological innovations aim at making installation easier and faster.
Technological innovations are an integral part of the learning process.
Technological innovations are likely to be costly for most jurisdictions.
Technological innovations facilitate such development.
Technological innovations have to accommodate cultural and traditional norms.
Most technological innovations are slow to find their way into the classroom.
Most technological innovations fail in the marketplace.
Some technological innovation does occur, but capital investment is grossly inadequate.
Technological innovators delight in novelty and improved features.
Technological integration is often problematic and always expensive.
Technological issues abound as well as issues of culture and national pride.
Technological issues are the top challenge for the remaining respondents.
Technological judgment is essential in accident.
Technological knowledge grows at an exponential rate.
Technological knowledge refers to a. society's understanding about how the world works.
Technological leadership is particularly important to larger customers.
Technological leadership is perishable.
Technological leadership is vital to the national interests of the United States.
Technological learners are here, the children of the future.
Technological leverage bears the risk of obsolescence.
Technological leverage is the economic consequence of the value of information.
Technological Links are a list of resources on the world wide web focused on entrepreneurship.
Technological literacy has many parallels to science literacy, but the terminology is different.
Technological literacy helps our children succeed in school and succeed in the world of work.
Technological literacy is a lifetime endeavor.
Technological literacy is connected to both information and workplace literacy.
Technological literacy is much more than just knowledge about computers and their application.
Technological literacy is much more than knowledge of computers and their application.
Technological literacy is the ability of a person to use, manage, assess, and understand technology.
Technological literacy refers to a sophistication about and skill with certain materials and tools.
Technological marvels coexist with tribal rituals.
Technological methods vary according to the metal or mineral recovered.
Technological obsolescence can be setoff with continuous up- gradation of technical skills.
Technological obsolescence can happen quickly as new storage requirements surpass capacities.
Technological obsolescence is a constant fear of dedicated scientists or engineers.
Technological obsolescence is even more threatening.
Technological obsolescence occurs at a rapid rate.
Technological obstacles are often easier to overcome than public opposition.
Technological parameters are in constant flux.
All technological possibilities are in fact already contained in the material.
Technological practice takes place within, and is influenced by, social contexts.
Technological preparation Provides advance notice of content, context, and applications to be used.
Many technological problems require a multidisciplinary approach.
Technological process chosen for modelling is a simple filling machine.
Technological processes change energy, information, and material resources into more useful forms.
Most technological processes are very harsh.
Technological proficiency is paramount in leaders today.
Technological progress depends upon the creativity both of theorists and functional engineers.
Technological progress distorts the perception of time.
Technological progress enables an economy to increase output with the same amount of inputs.
Technological progress implies a give and take attitude towards acceptance.
Technological progress increases the variety of trading systems.
Technological progress is also extremely fast.
Technological progress is like an ax in the hands of a pathological criminal.
Technological progress is like an axe in the hands of a pathological criminal.
Technological progress is materials-driven.
Technological progress is measured by the number and size of components on a chip.
Technological progress is neither inherently good nor bad.
Technological progress is notoriously unpredictable.
Technological progress means more productivity from almost everything.
Technological progress reduces the cost and difficulty of transporting goods and services.
Technological progress reduces the cost of climate change mitigation.
Technological property is the life-blood of many companies.
Technological requirements deny access.
Technological resources are best when used as tools in the hands of a capable live teacher.
Technological revolution is only the most obvious of the new economy's tales.
Technological revolution precedes cultural revolution.
Technological revolutions come quickly.
Technological revolutions go hand in hand with periods of crisis.
Technological savvy is the mark of a business on the cutting edge.
Many technological schools look like universities.
Technological shifts can leave a perfectly valid app or product stranded like a beached whale.
Technological skill is likely to increase the status of the field.
Technological skill is necessary for information literacy, but it is insufficient.
Technological skills are also now a requirement for most professional jobs.
Technological skills are integrative and transferable .
Technological skills are integrative and transferable.
Technological societies place a high value on the future.
Technological societies rely on mineral commodities to sustain their economies.
Technological societies work on the basis of two ideas.
Technological solutions are the centrepiece of Japanese industrial and corporate policy.
Technological solutions are useless unless they fit into a given organizational environment.
Technological solutions exist, but all cost money.
Technological solutions require research and development funding and a consensus on standards.
All technological solutions have trade-offs, such as safety, cost, efficiency, and appearance.
All technological solutions have tradeoffs, such as safety, cost, efficiency, and appearance.
Technological strength is an entry barrier in the industrial segment.
Technological superiority implies harnessing technology to military needs as it becomes available.
Technological support is always possible.
Technological support is just as essential.
Technological support using a graphing calculator is integrated throughout the semester.
Technological systems evolve over time, growing more complex and interconnected.
Technological thrust is our primary focus.
Many technological tools are available to aid teachers in delivery.
Technological toys can also keep adults interested.
Technological transformation is one of four focus areas for the campus over the next seven years.
Technological trends are also a factor.
Technological visionaries take a glimpse into the future, and handicap the tech players.
Technological war is carried out quietly, for the purpose of stealing secrets.
Technological warfare requires brains and money.
Technological wonders abound.
A technologist is a person
Technologist Becomes more involved in design requiring more theoretical background.
Technologists also anesthetize that area of the patient's body.
Technologists also are welcome to register and attend.
Technologists also assess the behavior of the radioactive material inside the patient.
Technologists also wear badges that measure radiation levels.
Technologists are also available to teach breast self exam and answer breast health questions.
Technologists are as driven by the desire to take on new projects and skills as they are by dollars.
Technologists are confident new sensors, computers and kinetic kill vehicles can do the job.
Technologists are far more motivated by the nature of the mission.
Technologists are great for doing, but seem to be very poor at thinking.
Technologists are in short supply, and cytotechnologist slots are especially hard to fill.
Technologists are incurable optimists.
Technologists are their own worst enemies.
Technologists are usually detail oriented.
Technologists can play a different role during surgery.
Technologists check medical charts and monitor patients' vital signs.
Technologists count the sponges, needles, and other instruments as they are used.
Technologists describe the network as being divided into several layers.
Technologists explain each test so our patients understand their procedures.
Technologists exploit the fear of cyberspace.
Technologists find it hard to understand a casual users' misconceptions.
Technologists give the materials to patients, either by mouth or an injection.
Technologists have advanced state and national certification and licensor.
Technologists have to be certified and licensed.
Technologists have to make sure that the medium keeps up with it's uses.
Technologists have to reach out and create an infrastructure for non-technologists to use.
Technologists have to understand business economics.
Technologists have tunnel vision driven by a sense of technological determinism.
Technologists like to use acronyms.
Technologists microscopically examine blood, tissue and other body substances.
Technologists microscopically examine blood, tissue, and other body substances.
Technologists perform examinations at the request or direction of a physician.
Technologists play the pivotal role.
Technologists prepare patients for surgery.
Technologists produce the images on a computer screen or on film for a physician to interpret.
Technologists propose the computer and the computer age as the key to happiness.
Technologists protect themselves by using special gloves and protective devices.
Technologists provide images of tissues, organs, bones and vessels inside the human body.
Technologists pursue diverse career opportunities.
Technologists review the readouts, selecting sections for the physician to examine.
Technologists rotate to all areas of patient treatment and simulation at each facility.
Technologists see many of the substantial barriers to further advancement.
Technologists spend forty hours per week in a combination of clinical and didactic training.
Technologists then produce the images for a physician to interpret.
Technologists transform engineer's design concepts into actual prototypes or products.
Technologists undertake more of the hands-on work, generally under the guidance of engineers.
Technologists use established guidelines in their design activities.
Technologists use radio waves, powerful magnets, and computers to create images of body parts.
Technologists use well documented concepts.
Technologists work from doctors' orders, written for specific procedures.
Technologists work under the direction and supervision of the radiologist.
Technologists often tend to hate institutions.
Technologists often think of technology change in technological terms.
Technologists usually argue that technology is neutral.
Technologists usually obtain a four-year bachelor's degree in engineering technology.
Technologists usually work alone when operating equipment and conducting laboratory tests.
Many technologists are far too naive about their products.
Many technologists work in product development.
Most technologists do a good job of exchanging information electronically.
Most technologists run on only one or two cylinders, generally the rational and physical.
Most technologists work in hospitals, clinics, or medical imaging centers.
Some technologists become supervisors.
Some technologists travel in large vans equipped with sophisticated diagnostic equipment.
Some technologists write technical reports that summarize test results.
Technology alliances can transform communities, as west Georgia discovered.
Technology assessment is a special case.
Technology assessment is increasingly a topic of concern.
Technology assessment is organized also as part of learning new technologies.
Technology assessments are both within the lesson and included as separate activities.
Technology assessments are the same as the pen and paper approach - listed above.
Technology center features word-processing and Internet access.
Technology center is opened.
Technology centers accept competition and are looking for new partners both in Finland and abroad.
Technology change creates competitive challenges and opportunities.
Technology change is crucial.
Technology change is swift.
Technology changes affect the world economy, military power and national sovereignty.
Technology changes involve process and equipment modifications to reduce waste.
Technology changes mean that lab systems are updated often.
Technology changes require funding, personnel and infrastructure.
Technology companies account for half the fund's assets.
Technology companies are a lot bigger than they used to be.
Technology companies are at the core of financial news today.
Technology companies are business.
Technology companies are cautiously optimistic.
Technology companies are important for California's economic future.
Technology companies are just the better known Internet success stories.
Technology companies are more vulnerable.
Technology companies are no different.
Technology companies are particular targets on the stock market.
Technology companies are particularly challenging.
Technology companies are willing to pay a premium to find the right environment.
Technology companies come here to host previews of their products and announce new products .
Technology companies come here to host previews of their products and announce new products.
Technology companies concede that there are issues associated with the treatment of intangibles.
Technology companies deliver only hardware and software components.
Technology companies fall in the same category.
Technology companies find reliable and dedicated employees.
Technology companies find success.
Technology companies live by convincing everyone that their technology is the coolest.
Technology companies live in a climate of rapid change.
Technology companies love pooling, because it makes their future earnings look better.
Technology companies produce real unit growth every year, with stable or declining prices.
Technology companies rely on our abilities to explain technology.
Technology companies represent the majority of venture capital deals.
Technology companies require significant funding in the initial stages.
Technology companies spend five times more of their brand dollars there.
Technology companies start, succeed and fail with astounding speed.
Technology companies tend to look for a technical solution.
Technology companies thrive by taking risks.
Technology companies work a different pace than that traditional companies of the past.
Every technology company wants to be public.
Many technology companies compete and expand by acquiring others.
Many technology companies offer lifestyle perks .
Most technology companies become slaves to their own technology or standards.
Most technology companies can provide product price and performance.
Most technology companies find success.
Most technology companies have a great story to tell.
Most technology companies run into problems every once in a while.
Some technology companies make life.
Technology development continues to accelerate.
Technology development is an important aspect of the climate change challenge.
Technology development is cyclical, with mature ideas showing up again in new guises.
Technology development is increasingly the result of cross-fertilization between technology areas.
Technology development permits the economy to expand, even when capital and labor growth are modest.
Technology development provides the foundation for future production of goods and services.
Technology developments can cover a huge array of equipment, software and services.
Technology diffusion is a key element here.
Technology diffusion is an integral part of technical change.
Technology education can help all students.
Technology education emphasizes the skills needed in a continually changing workplace.
Technology education fulfills then the requirements of liberal education.
Technology education helps young people prepare to live and work in a technological world.
Technology education is a very educational program.
Technology education is a vital part of that preparation.
Technology education is about to join the academic-standards movement.
Technology education is concerned with more than the gadgetry humans use to improve their lives.
Technology education is interesting, exciting and fun.
Technology education is much more than just knowledge about computers and their application.
Technology education is one of the most exciting programs in school today.
Technology education is part of the school's regular instructional program.
Technology education ought to be one of the cornerstones of our education and training.
Technology education provides the backbone for technological literacy.
Technology education spans the district.
Technology education takes learning with technology one step farther than other disciplines.
Technology evangelism is certainly an interesting job.
Technology foresight is one of the main focuses.
Technology fusion is almost the reverse of Western breakthrough invention.
Technology History Links to the history of technology.
Technology history show that duel pluripotential futures of technology is important to understand.
Technology incubators are the most common, but many welcome any type of startup company.
Technology innovation is crucial for policing.
Technology innovation plays the largest role in that strategy.
Technology innovations are crucial.
Technology innovations occur faster than an organization can keep up.
Technology integration begins with training teachers to use technology in meaningful ways.
Technology integration covers a wide range of possibilities.
Technology integration is a very broad issue for education.
Technology integration is a very slow process.
Technology integration is accompanied by changing roles and approaches to teaching and learning.
Technology integration is but one example of the benefits of the accreditation process.
Technology integration is the 'buzz' word of the day.
Technology integration is the focus.
Technology integration is the latest goblin to appear.
Technology integration relies on a cooperative effort to make the structure strong.
Technology integration represents a defining research emphasis within the program.
Technology integration requires teachers to weave technology into the fabric of instruction.
Technology integration takes time, patience and persistance.
Technology investment incurs both fixed and variable costs.
Technology investment requires additional expertise to make opportunities happen.
Technology investments are very attractive because the potential upside is very high.
Technology investments can make the difference.
Technology management has the information it needs for timely decision making.
Technology management has to follow processes.
Technology management is a social process requiring people skills.
Technology management is one of PATH 's unique strengths.
Technology management is only one piece of the technology puzzle .
Technology management is the fastest-growing concentration at many schools.
Technology management is the management of risk and rewards.
Technology Park is located in the Enterprise Zone and Foreign Trade Zone.
Technology policies can help private producers make the move.
Technology policy can have a strong influence on future engineering careers.
Technology policy can strongly influence future engineering careers.
Technology policy is far down the list of priorities for the new administration.
Technology policy is important.
Technology policy is rich, complex, and full of uncertainties.
Most technology policy is decided by bureaucrats rather than technocrats.
Technology services do come with a cost, though.
Technology services is also responsible for campus connectivity and the physical network cabling.
Technology services mean intense, complex experiences for consumers.
Technology services reserves the right to assign work requests.
Technology shocks combined with intertemporal labor supply seems absurd.
Technology specialists are available to assist in the selection and use of technology materials.
Technology systems tend to be upgraded on a regular basis.
Technology teachers can use the same peer evaluation techniques to evaluate their students.
Technology transfer appears to be a simple communication process.
Technology transfer begins with research hypotheses, experiments and findings.
Technology transfer benefits everyone.
Technology transfer benefits the mission agencies of the government as well as industry.
