Many courts lack funds for legal texts and other basic resources.
Many courts look to see if the activity is potentially criminal.
Many courts now have programs in which court staff help pro se litigants complete forms.
Many courts now make it relatively easy for people to handle the whole process without a lawyer.
Many courts offer mediation as a free, pre-filing court service.
Many courts refuse to try a custody dispute twice.
Many courts require a standard supervision period of at least six months.
Many courts require settlement statements from the parties.
Many courts require that a wage withholding order be prepared at the time of divorce.
Many courts routinely require additional disclosure in the scheduling order.
Many courts schedule meetings of creditors at various locations in the district.
Many courts use pro tem judges because there are too many cases for the regular judges to handle.
Most courts allow home study programs.
Most courts also allow it to protect against kidnapping and forcible rape .
Most courts appoint administrators.
Most courts appoint people.
Most courts appoint personal representatives.
Most courts appoint representatives.
Most courts are lighted and professional instruction is available at many properties.
Most courts are organized and have tennis clinics as well as tournaments.
Most courts are simply unable to make it work.
Most courts award even less.
Most courts can make temporary custody decisions, although many courts are very reluctant to do so.
Most courts charge a per-page fee for access to docket sheets and other case information.
Most courts conduct decisions.
Most courts consider circumstances.
Most courts consider the last justification to be the most important.
Most courts consist of chief judges.
Most courts consist of judges.
Most courts determine tests.
Most courts determine trials.
Most courts do so on the basis that deportation is a collateral consequence.
Most courts facilitate our combined search.
Most courts fall somewhere in between.
Most courts feature a containing barrier and banking wall behind the holes area.
Most courts find circumstances.
Most courts find cost.
Most courts find evidence.
Most courts find key witnesses.
Most courts find policy.
Most courts find sufficient evidence.
Most courts find witnesses.
Most courts focus on issues.
Most courts further limit that single cause of action by holding it to be indivisible.
Most courts get answers.
Most courts get wrong answers.
Most courts give consideration.
Most courts have a list of newly-filed bankruptcies available on the Web.
Most courts have a program to try to help people reach agreement.
Most courts have acceptable nets, but no boundary lines.
Most courts have administrative authority.
Most courts have authority.
Most courts have both civil and criminal jurisdiction.
Most courts have local administrative authority.
Most courts have local authority.
Most courts have some local rules.
Most courts have special procedural rules concerning divorce and ancillary matters.
Most courts have tennis clinics as well as tournaments.
Most courts hear citizens.
Most courts hear witnesses.
Most courts insist that parents attend a program on the effects of divorce on children.
Most courts keep track of cases by numbering the cases on sheets outside the courtroom.
Most courts limit the effect of limited warranties to repairs.
Most courts maintain offices.
Most courts make concessions.
Most courts make decisions.
Most courts make observations.
Most courts offer protection.
Most courts presume that the decedent had testamentary capacity.
Most courts provide information.
Most courts publish documents.
Most courts publish entire documents.
Most courts reach decisions.
Most courts recognize that they have a duty to treat pro se litigants with special consideration.
Most courts recognize types.
Most courts rely on methodologies.
Most courts require an evidentiary hearing regarding the financial assets of the defendant.
Most courts require completion of a court training session before granting a pin number.
Most courts require people.
Most courts require personal representatives.
Most courts require representatives.
Most courts require that the forms be printed out on a laser printer.
Most courts require the parties to try mediation before they are set for trial.
Most courts schedule cases for the following two weeks.
Most courts strictly impose deadlines in favor of the doctor and hospital and against the patient.
Most courts supply both felony and misdemeanor records, but few only offer felony records.
Most courts take actions.
Most courts take notice.
Most courts treat scholarships as contracts, with obligations and rights assigned to both parties.
Most courts try, however, to fit new reproductive technologies into old laws.
Most courts uphold it.
Most courts use cases.
Most courts use one of two techniques.
Most courts willconsider first the amount of the work used.
Some court fights concern emotional issues rather than money.
Some courts allow employees to discuss future plans with coworkers.
Some courts allow for a proxy to speak for a victim.
Some courts allow the motions to be filed without payment of court costs.
Some courts already think so.
Some courts also have 'in person kits' available for applicants.
Some courts also sponsor mediation programs.
Some courts analyze the issue as a constitutionally protected right to travel issue.
Some courts apparently apply less stringent ripeness analyses to takings claims.
Some courts apparently interpret it to accord near total discretion to agencies.
Some courts apply the causation test more leniently than others.
Some courts are floodlit for evening play.
Some courts are fussy about which typeface is used in typing up the forms.
Some courts are higher and can change a decision made by a lower court.
Some courts are limited to a maximum dollar amount.
Some courts are more enlightened than others.
Some courts are notoriously anti-Indian.
Some courts ask the plaintiff to sign a form motion asking the court to dismiss the case.
Some courts assign volunteer lawyers to attempt to mediate or settle the dispute.
Some courts attempt to justify the practice with circular reasoning.
Some courts award besides half of other holidays also.
Some courts change opinions after issuance.
Some courts charge small fees for copies of public record documents.
Some courts consider negligence within products liability claims.
Some courts consider the number of times a state's residents actually access a Web site.
Some courts consider totality.
Some courts continue to decide such cases under negligence principles, however.
Some courts deal primarily in divorce.
Some courts deal with issues of security within their emergency planning committees.
Some courts develop doctrines.
Some courts develop fair use doctrines.
Some courts do recognize fathers' rights when both parents are reasonable.
Some courts employ court commissioners to ease the judges' caseload.
Some courts even have classes that are mandatory for all divorcing parents.
Some courts even receive funding by a combination of state and county budgets.
Some courts examine the nature of the ownership while others consider the use of the land.
Some courts favor landowner when item is embedded in soil.
Some courts find amounts.
Some courts find benefits.
Some courts find children.
Some courts find existence.
Some courts find identities.
Some courts find inadequate amounts.
Some courts find looking solely at dollar amounts for costs of labor and parts inadequate.
Some courts find markets.
Some courts find power.
Some courts go so far as to require suffering of physical distress by the plaintiff as well.
Some courts have a calendar call to determine readiness for trial.
Some courts have extra access fees.
Some courts have information.
Some courts have special citation rules for appellate briefs and court opinions.
Some courts have specific community service programs lined up for particular crimes.
Some courts have their daily lists on-line.
Some courts hold that a statutory violation presents a prima facie presumption of negligence.
Some courts increase bonds.
Some courts interpret broadly, some narrowly.
Some courts issue tentative rulings on motions in advance of the motion hearing.
Some courts limit recovery to personal injuries.
Some courts mandate arbitration in certain cases.
Some courts now accept statistical probability of harm in lieu of causal evidence in toxic cases.
Some courts now treat the affirming of death sentences as routine.
Some courts only accept payments by money order or cashier's check .
Some courts operate bulletin boards where users can dial in and get slip opinions etc.
Some courts place tight limits on how long such hearings can last.
Some courts prohibit citation to unpublished or vacated decisions in briefs.
Some courts provide advisors to explain procedures and prepare claims.
Some courts provide conditions.
Some courts provide examples.
Some courts provide protection.
Some courts purchase ready-made solutions.
Some courts reduce charge.
Some courts reduce murder charge.
Some courts require a verification form to be filed with the creditor address matrix.
Some courts require agencies.
Some courts require litigants to use mediation in what are known as mandatory mediation programs.
Some courts require plaintiff to prove the product defect with particularity.
Some courts require that each document include the bar number of the attorney who signs it.
Some courts require that the consumer give the seller the right to resolve the problem.
Some courts require the parties to sign a written consent form.
Some courts seek to intentions.
Some courts seem to require such testimony.
Some courts seem to say yes.
Some courts still award it.
Some courts take a stricter approach to pleading.
Some courts try to promote nearby shopping and dining spots.
Some courts use electronic imaging, converting paper files to electronic ones.
Some courts view admissions as the equivalent of sworn testimony.
Some courts weigh the community standard as only one factor amongst many in evidence.
Courteous behavior creates an atmosphere which tends to encourage others to be courte- ous.
Courteous behavior is appropriate at all times.
Courteous clerks are in attendance.
Courteous mail is more effective.
Courteous parents have a head-start successfully controlling their children.
Courteous servers provide a friendly atmosphere with delicious food.
Courteous staff extend to all passengers the warm hospitality of the islands.
Courteous waiters review the orders and deliver the items to the table in a matter of minutes.
Courtesy copy is optional.
Courtesy phone is available on the lower level.
Courtesy phones are also available on each floor of the hospital.
Courtesy phones are another innovative idea.
Courtesy phones are at all airline terminals for passengers to request the service.
Courtesy phones are available across from the Baggage Claim area - Look for red booths.
Courtesy phones are available and located near all labs.
Courtesy phones are available at the airport to make hotel shuttle transportation arrangements.
Courtesy phones are available at the 'Ground Transportation Desk'.
Courtesy phones are available at the hotel shuttle transportation area near baggage claim.
Courtesy phones are available for local and credit card calls.
Courtesy phones are available for response to messages.
Courtesy phones are available in the baggage claim area.
Courtesy phones are available in the Baggage Claim area.
Courtesy phones are available in the baggage claim areas for reservations.
Courtesy phones are available in the lobby for patients to call for limousine, taxi, or car service.
Courtesy phones are available in the shuttle transportation area.
Courtesy phones are available on the ground floor.
Courtesy runners are illegal.
Courtesy telephones are available at various locations for student use.
Courtesy titles is another area where careful usage is required.
Courtesy titles tend to survive more in general usage.
Courtesy afterwards makes it all okay again most of the time.
Courtesy calls on back orders.
Courtesy calls on local leather columnists.
Courtesy calls to monitor client's well-being.
Courtesy characterizes Christian conversation.
Courtesy costs nothing, yet buys things that are priceless.
Courtesy encourages cooperative, safe use of the road.
Courtesy encourages co-operative, safe use of the road.
Courtesy extends beyond the content of the interview.
Courtesy goes a long way, too.
Courtesy goes a long way.
Courtesy goes a very long way.
Courtesy goes beyond strict laws and regulations.
Courtesy implies ease of navigation, no broken links, load speed, good spelling and syntax.
Courtesy involves politeness, respect, consideration and friendliness of contact personnel.
Courtesy involves the politeness, respect, friendliness, and consideration of contact personnel.
Courtesy is civility
Courtesy is good business.
Courtesy is in.
Courtesy is indispensable to discipline and good order.
Courtesy is like swing dancing.
Courtesy is manners.
Courtesy is of great importance.
Courtesy is paramount.
Courtesy is politeness.
Courtesy is remarks.
Courtesy is there way of life.
Courtesy isa action.
Courtesy makes work more efficient, pleasant and meaningful.
Courtesy means acting with respect and honoring the other person's values and beliefs.
Courtesy means being thoughtful, respectful and polite.
Courtesy pays off.
Courtesy requires basic technical competence.
Courtesy ride to ferry.
Courtesy rides home for residents.
Courtesy rides to and from favorite hiking trails.
Courtesy runs in our blood.
Courtesy works like that in business.
Every courtesy is extended to ensure that all enjoy a memorable time.
Courthouse Rock is the bald dome at far left.
A courthouse is a government building
Courthouse is on left at top of hill.
Courthouse is on left just before intersection.
Courthouse is on left next block.
Courthouse is on left.
Courthouse is on right.
Courthouse is on the left just before the intersection.
Courthouse is on the left past the next light.
Courthouse is on The left past the next light.
Courthouse is on the left, opposite park.
Courthouse is on the left, parking is in the rear.
Courthouse is on the left.
Courthouse is on the right corner.
Courthouse is on the right.
Courthouse is on the upper level of the first building on the right.
Courthouse lists the dead from the last war.
Courthouses also are the common location for accessing records and filing important documents.
Courthouses are daytime buildings.
Courthouses are extraordinarily active and inherently dramatic places.
Courthouses are government buildings.
Courthouses are houses.
Courthouses are legacies bestowed by previous generations.
Courthouses are located in capital cities.
Courthouses are located in cities.
Courthouses are located in towns.
Courthouses are often among the oldest buildings in town.
Courthouses are open during regular office hours.
Courthouses are used for judges.
Courthouses have a mystique all their own.
Courthouses have rooms.
All courthouses are done at the county level.
Every courthouse maintains volumes of important information for review.
Most courthouses are at the center of town.
Most courthouses are old.
Most courthouses charge a fee for researching and copying certified records.
Most courthouses have a law library that is run by the county government and is open to the public.
Most courthouses have a program available for use.
Most courthouses have packages which include all the forms and easy to understand instructions.
Most courthouses have records on computer going back at least several years.
Some courthouses also have offices for the prosecutor and prosecutor's assistants.
Some courthouses have evening and weekend hours.
Some courthouses have procedures that differ from other courthouses.
A courtier is an attendant
Courtier isa attendant.
Courtiers appear in black monks' gowns with miners' head lamps.
Courtiers are attendants.
Courtiers are unlanded characters .
Courtiers have (part) arms.
Courtiers have (part) body substances.
Courtiers have (part) cell membranes.
Courtiers have (part) cells.
Courtiers have (part) corpi.
Courtiers have (part) cytoplasm.
Courtiers have (part) heads.
Courtiers have (part) human bodies.
Courtiers have (part) legs.
Courtiers have (part) material bodies.
Courtiers have (part) necks.
Courtiers have (part) nuclei.
Courtiers have (part) personality.
Courtiers have (part) plasma membranes.
Courtiers have (part) sections.
Courtiers have (part) vacuoles.
Courtiers pair off as lovers, break apart, and pair again.
Courtiers win approval.
Courtiers sometimes travel great distances to their friends' Coronations.
Most courtiers win approval.
Courting are dating.
Courtroom drama is an overrated genre.
Courtroom dramas are tough to sustain, kid.
A courtroom is a room
Courtroom are frightening places.
Courtroom can use air conditioners to keep it cool.
Courtroom is designed to accommodate press, news media, reporters and radio broadcasting.
Courtrooms are a foreign country and they have their own language.
Courtrooms are air-conditioned.
Courtrooms are cool.
Courtrooms are formal settings.
Courtrooms are located in confessions.
Courtrooms are located in courthouses.
Courtrooms are located in maines.
Courtrooms are rooms.
Courtrooms are used for court tv.
Courtrooms are used for trials.
Courtrooms make strange bedfellows.
Courtrooms only allow one camera, yet have several points of interest.
Courtrooms require the placement of ramps.
All courtrooms are accessible to people who use wheelchairs.
Every courtroom is about an event in the past.
Most courtrooms are quite formal, with specific etiquette defining behaviors and opportunities.
Courts clerks are hard to reach.
Courtship behavior aids in survival because it leads to the creation of offspring.
Courtship behavior can be noisy and prolonged.
Courtship behavior can yield pulsed yelps.
Courtship behavior consists of actions that help animals find and choose suitable mates.
Courtship behavior includes feeding and mutual preening, displays of bowing, and wing movements.
Courtship behavior includes presentation.
Courtship behavior includes transfer of food, displays, and grooming between a pair of birds.
Courtship behavior intensifies.
Courtship behavior is an important part of mating.
Courtship behavior is described in the next section.
Courtship behavior is often complicated.
Courtship behavior is the behavior that males and females of a species carry out before mating.
Courtship behaviors are full of adaptors.
All courtship behavior is confined to the nest site.
Most courtship behavior includes presentation.
Some courtship behavior includes urine.
Some courtship behavior involves deposition.
Courtship behaviour involves interaction.
Some courtship dances take places.
Courtship displays are also varied.
Courtship displays are elaborate, and fighting with teeth and flippers is common.
Courtship displays are long elaborate and acrobatic.
Courtship displays are spectacular.
Courtship displays are used to synchronize breeding in colonies.
Courtship displays continue until a female physically contacts a displaying male in the water.
Courtship displays involve posturing by both the male and the female.
Courtship displays take place both below and above the water.
Courtship feeding is also common.
Courtship feeding is an important part of the preparation for mating.
Courtship feeding is performed by the female begging from the male.
Courtship feeding is seen in many gull and tern species.
Courtship feeding is used in reproduction.
Courtship feeding is when one member of the pair presents the other with food in a ritualized way.
Courtship feeding occurs more often in communal settings than in pairs.
Courtship feeding takes place in which the male feeds the female regurgitated food.
Courtship ritual is reminiscent of some exquisite dance.
Courtship rituals are important to ensure that both parties are ready.
Courtship rituals can include elaborate aerial displays, among other exercises.
Courtship rituals ensure that males and females are closer to each other.
Courtship rituals take place in every species.
Courtship rituals vary from species to species, but invariably involve calling.
Courtship rituals vary widely among species.
Courtship again shows how important vocalizations are for owls.
Courtship also involves head and snout rubbing and mounting by both males and females.
Courtship also offers practical benefits.
Courtship also triggers another behavior known as countersinging.
Courtship begins during the spring migration and continues on the breeding grounds.
Courtship begins in late winter.
Courtship begins in the fall and continues through winter and spring.
Courtship begins shortly after emergence in early spring.
Courtship begins shortly after the male establishes a territory.
Courtship begins soon after arrival of the species.
Courtship begins soon after bears leave their winter dens.
Courtship begins when a female encounters one or more males.
Courtship begins when males go out in search of receptive females.
Courtship begins with a color change of the birds' bill, face, legs, and skin.
Courtship begins with frequent, sudden, energetic chases of the female by the male.
Courtship can and usually does last for several hours.
Courtship can last up to half an hour, and the actual transfer of gametes can last for two hours.
Courtship can sometimes be rather violent, with male and female bumping heads forcefully.
Courtship consists mainly of head dipping and shallow dives.
Courtship consists of a period of wrestling, chases, vocalizations and urine showers.
Courtship consists of a series of undulating dives.
Courtship consists of a system of elaborate displays.
Courtship consists of groups of males bumping and nudging the females and each other.
Courtship consists of head nodding and fish transfers.
Courtship consists of playing and wrestling, followed by mating.
Courtship consists of rapid ruching and circling of individual females by the male.
Courtship consists of swimming in circles and synchronous dives.
Courtship consists of system of elaborate displays.
Courtship consists of two different phases, the ground phase and the aerial phase.
Courtship displays from males indicate the presence of males that can fertilize eggs.
Courtship encourages young people to look at all romance as being confined to marriage.
Courtship entails the pair swinging their heads from side to side as they approach one another.
Courtship fills the icy woods.
Courtship first begins in the air.
Courtship frees young teens to see each other as potential friends rather than potential dates.
Courtship happens during the night where the males nudge and bump other salamanders.
Courtship has marriage as a goal.
Courtship includes chases on foot, with frequent pauses to rest.
Courtship includes flight displays with wings held in a deep arc shape.
Courtship includes ledge displays with the male and female bowing to each other.
Courtship includes mutual preening.
Courtship includes mutual soaring and circling, undulating flights, chases, dives, and mock attacks.
Courtship includes spectacular vertical dives and upward swoops.
Courtship includes vocalizations and conspicuous display flights high over the treetops.
Courtship involves a display, entailing mutual preening and feeding of the female by the male.
Courtship involves coordinated pair flights, mutual preening, and displays.
Courtship involves hanging upside down.
Courtship involves male leading female around to potential nest sites.
Courtship involves male singing, showing the female potential nest sites.
Courtship involves much licking and vocalizing, and occasionally, generous food offerings.
Courtship involves preening of the mate's head, wing slapping, and bill crossing.
Courtship involves prolonged chases of the female by the male.
Courtship involves the male and female touching bills, bobbing and spreading the wings.
Courtship involves the male betta chasing the female in short spurts.
Courtship involves the male calling from the chosen nesting site.
Courtship involves various kinds of swimming behavior.
Courtship is a beautiful culmination of a period of growth, and preparation.
Courtship is a common theme.
Courtship is a long, drawn out process.
Courtship is a process.
Courtship is a really safe way for girls to keep the wolves at bay.
Courtship is a time of affirming all that is attractive and desirable.
Courtship is a time of great delight for a couple.
Courtship is a time where couples get to know each other and make mistakes.
Courtship is a way to avoid the heartbreak dating brings.
Courtship is accompanied with bill clapping and fierce fighting.
Courtship is actually really important.
Courtship is alive and well and thriving on the internet.
Courtship is an appetative behavior associated with the sex drive.
Courtship is an extended ritual.
Courtship is an important ritual for culpeo foxes.
Courtship is an important ritual for culpeos, it takes place during the winter months.
Courtship is appeal
Courtship is believed to happen while the bats are flying during the day.
Courtship is believed to proceed during day flights.
Courtship is but one instance where the rubber of Scripture meets the road of life.
Courtship is complex, and is initiated by the female.
Courtship is composed of two distinct stages, the aerial phase and the ground phase.
Courtship is compound, and is starts by the female.
Courtship is dead.
Courtship is designed to consider marriage.
Courtship is enthusiastic, ending with mating at dusk.
Courtship is equally as important as any other behavior.
Courtship is exciting.
Courtship is full of aerial displays, vocalizations, and food begging by the female.
Courtship is funny with animals.
Courtship is generally very short and brief.
Courtship is in the Bible.
Courtship is initiated by croaking and quivering.
Courtship is initiated by the female and generally includes mating with a number of males.
Courtship is more of a Biblical model.
Courtship is more than coupling.
Courtship is nothing more then a path through a series of locks.
Courtship is one of the main themes of the numerous Hmong festivals.
Courtship is only the seedling of the relationship that has yet to be.
Courtship is out, and drunken casual sex is in.
Courtship is performed by feeding and invariably accompanies copulation.
Courtship is said to be quite energetic.
Courtship is similar across species.
Courtship is the prelude to marriage.
Courtship is the system of dating and marriage.
Courtship is under way as result of atmosphere and food.
Courtship is very horse-like, with a lot of squealing and nipping.
Courtship is very vigorous and colorful.
Courtship occurs from midday to mid-afternoon.
Courtship occurs in early spring.
Courtship occurs in spring soon after emergence.
Courtship occurs in the late winter.
Courtship occurs in the spring and fall.
Courtship occurs through skypointing, strutting, and billing.
Courtship precedes the actual act of mating.
Courtship primarily involves the dominant male accompanying the dominant female constantly.
Courtship probably begins in late spring.
Courtship proves expensive, married love rewarding.
Courtship sounds of the polka-dot wasp moth.
Courtship sounds Produced only in presence of female.
Courtship takes a more thoughtful, long- term approach to a premarital relationship.
Courtship takes place in the afternoon .
Courtship takes place in the afternoon.
Courtship takes the form of chases, simultaneous surfacing and breaching, and flipper contact.
Courtship then is a voyage of discovery.
Courtship varies among species.
Courtship varies among the species.
Courtship varies between different birds and happens during migration for birds that migrate.
Courtship varies considerably among different species.
Courtship varies from species to species.
Courtship varies from tribe to tribe.
Courtships get tiresome after a few years.
Courtship often involves a lengthy chase of the female and severe fighting.
Courtship usually includes sound production, via a larynx and vocal sacs.
Courtship usually occurs in the afternoon.
Courtship usually occurs in the late fall and winter.
Courtship usually occurs in the spring when food is plentiful.
Courtship usually takes part on the nest .
Most courtship takes place in the winter as well.
Courtyard house migrates to the less-dense new suburbs.
Courtyard houses provide an ideal prototype for desert communities.
A courtyard is an area
Courtyard has gazebo and spa.
Courtyard is brought back to the city as a linear element, no longer centric.
Courtyard is great for children, with lovely lawns, tall palms, and a large pool area.
Courtyard is lined with souvenir shops selling folk costumes and other souvenirs.
Courtyard is on left.
Courtyard is on right, two blocks.
Courtyard is on right.
Courtyard is on the right.
Courtyard is surrounded by retail at lower level, and professional offices at upper level.
Courtyard isa structure.
Courtyard leads to lush gardens, pool and spa.
Courtyard now contains only one pool.
Courtyard overlooks small canal.
Courtyard provides a host of ways to unwind after a hectic day.
Courtyard surrounds travelers with the conveniences that make business and pleasure travel easy.
Courtyards are accessible from the patient units and recreation areas.
Courtyards are located in assholes.
Courtyards are located in lawns.
Courtyards are located in yards.
Courtyards are open space.
Courtyards are used for gardens.
Courtyards come alive with ponds, waterfalls, fountains and landscaped beams.
Courtyards dot the grounds and offer opportunities for fresh-air breaks.
Courtyards have (part) bases.
Courtyards have (part) sections.
Courtyards help traffic, make it easier for visitors to get into their cars, and to park their cars.
Courtyards open daily.
Courtyards separate the guest building from the open-air dining area and bar.
Courtyards virtually surround the home, expanding living space to the outside.
Some courtyards are part of abbeys.
Some courtyards are part of architecture.
Some courtyards are part of barns.
Some courtyards are part of buildings.
Some courtyards are part of bungalows.
Some courtyards are part of cafes.
Some courtyards are part of castles.
Some courtyards are part of cathedrals.
Some courtyards are part of churches.
Some courtyards are part of convents.
Some courtyards are part of coops.
Some courtyards are part of cottages.
Some courtyards are part of cowsheds.
Some courtyards are part of dairies.
Some courtyards are part of farmhouses.
Some courtyards are part of farms.
Some courtyards are part of garages.
Some courtyards are part of greenhouses.
Some courtyards are part of hospitals.
Some courtyards are part of hotels.
Some courtyards are part of houses.
Some courtyards are part of inns.
Some courtyards are part of kennels.
Some courtyards are part of manors.
Some courtyards are part of monasteries.
Some courtyards are part of mosques.
Some courtyards are part of observatories.
Some courtyards are part of palaces.
Some courtyards are part of playgrounds.
Some courtyards are part of pubs.
Some courtyards are part of ranches.
Some courtyards are part of restaurants.
Some courtyards are part of rinks.
Some courtyards are part of skyscrapers.
Some courtyards are part of stables.
Some courtyards are part of temples.
Some courtyards are part of theaters.
Some courtyards are part of theatres.
Couscous grain is ideal for children, because couscous is made with a cereal, wheat.
Couscous grains tend to bind together in the cooking process, so fluff the grains with a fork.
Couscous salad is the perfect party food.
Cousin marriages reduce the number of ancestors.
Cousin relationships can become very tangled.
A cousin is a relative
Cousin argue beside few present however enjoy golf swing plane too upright.
Cousin breathe along several child yet act tpx louisville slugger.
Cousin breathe along several child yet act ultra wheels roller blade.
Cousin buys beyond a collection instead treat racquetball supplies.
Cousin complains about rich brother, looks in coffin.
Cousin dare the badminton equipment shuttlecocks yonex through pause.
Cousin employ off all address after favored antigua sportswear.
Cousin employ off all address after favored golf club grip.
Cousin employ off all address after favored red cleats.
Cousin encourage during the law likewise cut auburn tigers apparel.
Cousin is a police officer.
Cousin is unsympathetic and threatens the young girl.
Cousin isa relative.
Cousin lives in Latvia.
Cousin lose within an permit for exchange easton bat.
Cousin mix over many price that raise how to build a campfire.
Cousin provides the community resource information for Hampshire and border counties.
Cousin remain Despair alongside none touch along an peace.
Cousins are cousins.
Cousins are everywhere.
Cousins are females.
Cousins are part of families.
Cousins are people.
Cousins are relatives.
Cousins are sort of similar to each other in some families and in our family it's like that.
Cousins can marry if they want to.
Cousins go back to the same grandparents.
Cousins go to nurse schools.
Cousins go to schools.
Cousins has ambitious goals for the future.
Cousins has ties to Toronto, Canada.
Cousins have (part) arms.
Cousins have (part) body substances.
Cousins have (part) cell membranes.
Cousins have (part) cells.
Cousins have (part) corpi.
Cousins have (part) cytoplasm.
Cousins have (part) heads.
Cousins have (part) human bodies.
Cousins have (part) legs.
Cousins have (part) material bodies.
Cousins have (part) necks.
Cousins have (part) nuclei.
Cousins have (part) personality.
Cousins have (part) plasma membranes.
Cousins have (part) sections.
Cousins have (part) vacuoles.
Cousins have eyes.
Cousins have fun with livestock exhibiting.
Cousins have tongues.
Cousins have toys.
Cousins include wolverines.
Cousins lives in Tokyo.
Cousins marry cousins.
Cousins meet for the first itme.
Cousins meet in person for the first time.
Cousins need water.
Cousins pass years.
Cousins probably has something to do with that.
Cousins seem to have taken the hints inherent in the non-silent editing.
Cousins share a common grandparent.
Cousins share an exclusive history with each other.
Cousins share an exclusive shared history with eachother.
Cousins sit at tables.
Cousins specifically talks about the ideal placebo that is completely harmless.
Cousins step into their parents shoes on death.
Cousins survive events.
Cousins survive extinction events.
Cousins take diets.
Cousins take insectivorous diets.
Cousins take moms.
Cousins Treat all people alike.
Cousins weigh over kilograms.
Most cousins go to nurse schools.
Most cousins go to schools.
Most cousins have eyes.
Most cousins have tongues.
Most cousins have toys.
Most cousins pass years.
Most cousins sit at tables.
Most cousins survive events.
Most cousins survive extinction events.
Most cousins take diets.
Most cousins take insectivorous diets.
Most cousins take moms.
Most cousins weigh over kilograms.
Some cousins are bleed to death.
Some cousins are diagnosed with cancer.
Some cousins assume responsibility.
Some cousins become best friends.
Some cousins become friends.
Some cousins buy chicks.
Some cousins commit suicide.
Some cousins consume fish.
Some cousins die in accidents.
Some cousins die in boat accidents.
Some cousins die of cystic fibrosis.
Some cousins die of fibrosis.
Some cousins do jobs.
Some cousins feed on abundant herbs.
Some cousins feed on herbs.
Some cousins have boyfriends.
Some cousins have feathers.
Some cousins have grandparents.
Some cousins have stripes.
Some cousins invade great lake regions.
Some cousins invade regions.
Some cousins live for months.
Some cousins own farms.
Some cousins provide relatives.
Some cousins see snakes.
Some cousins show potential.
Some cousins take life.
Couture details emphasize delicate embroidered stitch-craft.
Couture fashions are synonomous with craftsmanship, intricate fabrics and hand-sewn detailing.
A couture is trade
Couture asks with a grin.
Couture is on the agenda.
Couture is really in at the moment.
Couture is the definition of beauty for the fashionable world.
Couture looks different now because it has lightened up.
Couture points out that composting is a project involving work by many hands.
Couture requires time, patience, refinement of basic sewing skills and a commitment to excellence.
A couverture is chocolate
Couvertures are chocolate.
Couvertures illustr es d'origine.
Couvertures illustr es.
Couvertures originales d cor es.
Couvertures originales, tr s bel exemplaire.
Couvertures rigides d'origine.
A covalence is power
Covalence describes bonding in molecular compounds.
Covalence is the number of electrons an atom needs to gain to produce a stable outer shell.
Covalent attachment ensures consistent structure and properties.
A covalent bond is a bond
Covalent bond is the bond formed between two atoms that share electrons.
Covalent bonds are a type of chemical bond in which electrons are shared between atoms.
Covalent bonds are also very strong.
Covalent bonds are by far the strongest chemical bonds.
Covalent bonds are chemical bonds.
Covalent bonds are directional.
Covalent bonds are easy for the body to break apart and thereafter use the minerals as nourishment.
Covalent bonds are formed when an electron is completely lost or gained from an atom.
Covalent bonds are generally strong and very stable at physiological temperatures.
Covalent bonds are highly directional .
Covalent bonds are non-polar or polar.
Covalent bonds are stronger that ionic bonds.
Covalent bonds are the strongest of bonds and are hard to break.
Covalent bonds are tough to break.
Covalent bonds are typically stronger than ionic bonds.
Covalent bonds are very strong bonds.
Covalent bonds are very strong.
Covalent bonds are weaker than ionic bonds , and have a lower melting point .
Covalent bonds are weaker than ionic bonds, and have a lower melting point.
Covalent bonds arise when two atoms share electrons .
Covalent bonds can also form between two atoms of different elements.
Covalent bonds can be very strong, that is, difficult to break.
Covalent bonds can create polar or non-polar molecules.
Covalent bonds can only form between atoms that can ionize.
Covalent bonds form between nonmetals.
Covalent bonds form through the sharing of valence electrons.
Covalent bonds form when atoms share electrons .
Covalent bonds form when atoms share electrons.
Covalent bonds happen when electrons are shared by both atoms.
Covalent bonds involve the sharing of two electrons between two atoms.
Covalent bonds Let's start out with a relatively simple case.
Covalent bonds occur when atoms share electrons.
Covalent bonds represent chemical potential energy that can be used in biological reactions.
Covalent bonds result from the sharing of electrons.
Covalent bonds tend to form between elements in the middle.
All covalent bonds are the same strength.
Every covalent bond has a characteristic bond strength and bond length.
Covalent catalysis is a commonly employed mechanism in enzyme reactions.
Covalent catalysis is used to give reaction pathways of lower energy.
Covalent compounds are ones that contain two or more nonmetals, excluding ions.
Covalent compounds are two non metals put together.
Some covalent compounds conduct electricity.
Some covalent compounds dissolve in water.
Covalent crystals can have extremely high melting points.
Covalent crystals tend to be brittle because of the directional restriction.
Covalent linkage occurs via secondary amine group.
Covalent modification is a regulatory mechanism for temporarily inactivating a specific enzyme.
Covalent molecules are held together by intermolecular forces to form molecular solids.
Covalent radii are in parentheses.
Covalent reactions occur when atoms share electrons in o rder to fill an orbital.
Covalent structures contain atoms.
Most covalent structures contain atoms.
Some covalent substances conduct electricity.
Covariance function includes a nugget effect.
Covariance matrix is singular.
A covariance is variance
Covariance extends The notion of variance to two dimensions.
Covariance is a measure of how much two variables move together.
Covariance is a measure of the distributions of two variables.
Covariance is a measure of the extent to which two variables are related.
Covariance is a measure of the relationship between two ranges of data.
Covariance is used to determine if two random variables are positively or negatively related.
Covariance ranges over the real numbers.
Covariances are variance.
Covariant derivative is intrinsic.
Covariant derivatives act like ordinary derivatives if they are applied to a scalar field.
A covariation is variation
Covariation is the extent to which two events happen together or occur at the same time.
Covasna spa is well-known for the high efficiency treatment of cardiovascular diseases.
Cove base is universal round top.
Cove forests are the most diverse habitats in the Southern Appalachians.
Cove heaters are flameless.
Cove Island is the largest island, and is close to the other islands and the mainland.
Cove molding is the simplest and most common.
Cove programs look for tRNAs in a very different way.
Cove seminars provide solid instruction based on a thorough knowledge of all Scripture.
A cove is an inlet
Cove isa waters.
Coves also offer a great location to intercept spring time bass.
Coves are bays.
Coves are caves.
Coves are inlets.
Coves are natural things.
Coves are the smallest indentations of land by a lake, sea, or ocean.
Coves are very tight, access is by removing ceiling tile.
Coves falls and hip fractures, health care costs, and more.
Coves fit well in rooms with high or vaulted ceilings and above kitchen cabinets.
All coves are generous in depth allowing for positive interlocking.
Many coves also provide anchorage.
Many coves are perfect for snorkelling and with fairly gentle shelves, are good for children.
Many coves have canyons to explore or access to the deeper interior of the island.
Some coves sport steep sides and feature-less open water areas.
Coven members do noe boast or threaten others.
Coven members participate in creating and presenting rituals, both private and semi-public.
Coven shops are ten minutes walk from the canal.
A coven is an assembly
Covens are assemblies.
Covens are basically the equivalent of Churches.
Covens are extremely diverse.
Covens are mixed, including both women and men.
Covens are mixed, including both womyn and men.
Covens are wholly autonomous.
Covens can be of mixed gender, or all female or male, depending on the preferences of the members.
Covens can be of mixed gender, or all female or male, depending onthe preferences of the members.
Covens decide for themselves whether to worship clothed or skyclad.
Covens have a very variable cycle.
Covens oftenalso have ritual swords to direct the energy of the group.
Covens tend to make certain demands of their members.
Covens tend to meet together for ritual purposes once a month, at new moon.
All covens attend, as do any nomadic packs that can make it.
Most covens are small.
Some covens also provide classes for beginners or also include a grove.
Some Covens prefer to celebrate on the old date and, at the very least, it gives one options.
Some covens use the pentacle as the sigal of the witches who are initiated in to the second degree.
Covenant life is never simply automatic.
Covenant marriage allows for limited reasons for divorce.
Covenant marriage are already available in Arizona and Louisiana.
Covenant marriage is divorceable.
Covenant marriages are voluntary agreements that are intended to make divorce more difficult.
Covenant theology is federal theology and the head of the household IS the family's representative.
Covenant theology is what governs the Anglican church.
Covenant theology underscores the eschatological dynamic of reciprocal self-gift.
A covenant is agreement
Covenant also provides a certified brain, spinal cord, and inpatient medical rehabilitation program.
Covenant breaking in the east is virtually always punishable by death.
Covenant continues, The.
Covenant does require more nurture and follow up by parents.
Covenant has both linear and non-linear edit bays to meet the needs of the client.
Covenant has tons of energy.
Covenant is a biblical term.
Covenant is a dynamic company committed to excellence.
Covenant is a ministry team comprised of six women vocalists.
Covenant is a tough team.
Covenant is a warm and lively community of diverse individuals.
Covenant is an important ingredient in building community.
Covenant is an important part of biblical history and, therefore, theology.
Covenant is an inescapable concept.
Covenant is an irrevocable, indissolveable commitment breakable only by death.
Covenant is cool because people are laid back.
Covenant is given to make one people out of many.
Covenant is incorrect.
Covenant is one of the major legal conceptions which appear in the Bible.
Covenant is peace treaty including building the temple.
Covenant is the key, even in administration.
Covenant is unconditional commitment.
Covenant means a binding oath made between parties.
Covenant means and obligation, treaty or pact and a relationship between two parties.
Covenant welcomes visitors and guests.
Covenants also cover building appearance, starting time, outdoor storage, and other issues.
Covenants Apply .
Covenants apply to assure that the park develops in an attractive and progressive way.
Covenants are affirmative and negative.
Covenants are agreement.
Covenants are always legal and always religious.
Covenants are between persons.
Covenants are far more than contracts or promises.
Covenants are in place to protect property values.
Covenants are legal agreements.
Covenants are legal documents, legal oaths of faithfulness between parties.
Covenants Are Legal Or Illegal.
Covenants are one of the best ways of helping.
Covenants are promises.
Covenants are simply promises to conform to specific guidelines as part of a loan agreement.
Covenants are the means by which fortunes are transferred from one generation to another.
Covenants are unchangeable.
Covenants can bind subsequent owners of the land.
Covenants come from a pattern in Scripture.
Covenants come in many flavors, depending on the preferences of the developer.
Covenants continue to protect property.
Covenants continue to provide our main source of funding.
Covenants covering design, construction and maintenance ensure a lifetime of quality control.
Covenants create families.
Covenants create living relationships.
Covenants developed by the homeowners are amenable to everyone.
Covenants ensure that wildlife is protected.
Covenants exist by private action.
Covenants explain accountability.
Covenants have provisions to be kept and commands to be obeyed.
Covenants promote economic efficiency.
Covenants protect the area.
Covenants protect the natural setting and home of national and local companies.
Covenants protect the property from ever being developed commercially.
Covenants require a response on the part of the participants.
Covenants simply mean that the members agree to be in relationship with each other.
Covenants transcend social contracts, and they endure for all time.
Covenants turn strangers into family.
Covenants vary in length from a sentence to several pages.
Covenants work with economic incentives as well as regulation, if necessary.
All covenants have a three-pronged structure.
All Covenants have Form.
Every covenant has two sides.
Every covenant involves at least four parties.
Most covenants apply for one or two years after termination.
Some covenants even require unanimous approval.
Covenantal allegiance is formal.
Covenantal existence leads to human greatness.
Covent garden is one such place.
Cover advertisements are a full page and are four-color.
Cover albums can be a wonderful tonic for a fraying aesthetic.
Cover art features a Lupercal scene.
Cover art is a composite of several children's drawings.
Cover art is available for all albums, and a picture of the composer often accompanies the credits.
Cover art is designed.
Cover art is displayed for many titles, in-depth descriptions help with purchasing decisions.
Cover art is great also.
Cover art is made from hand silkscreen and hand woodblock printed papers from Japan and India.
Cover art is minimal, and favors the easily reproduced line-drawing.
Cover art is reproduced for documentation purposes only.
Cover art is the intellectual property of Aquarius, and is used for informational purposes only.
Cover art is the intellectual property of New West Records, and is used for reference purposes only.
Cover art is the intellectual property of No Limit Records, and is used for reference purposes only.
Cover art is the intellectual property of Tables Of Stone, and is used for reference purposes only.
Cover art is the intellectual property of Ten Story Love, and is used for reference purposes only.
Cover art is the intellectual property of Zebra Records, and is used for reference purposes only.
Cover art pays five copies.
All cover art is for informational use only.
Cover artists receive five.
Cover artwork is slightly different.
Cover artwork is virtually perfect with no noticeable manufacturing defects.
Cover bands have more of a right to say that because they are there to entertain.
Cover bands play a variety of artists' songs spanning a generation or maybe just several years.
Cover bowl refrigerate overnight.
Cover bread slices with paper towels and let stand overnight.
Cover charge applies to non-dining customers.
Cover charge applies.
Cover charge includes bread.
Cover charge includes chips, pretzels, beer and soda.
Cover charge includes swing dance lessons.
Cover charge is around five bucks.
Cover charge is charge
Cover charge is subject to change without notice.
Cover charge is usually cheap.
Cover charge varies according to act.
Cover charge varies depending on act.
Cover charge varies depending on the entertainment.
Cover charge varies depending upon the day of the week.
Cover charge varies Well-established venue catering for all forms of music, performance and parties.
Cover charge varies with entertainer.
Cover charge varies with performances.
Cover charge varies with the day and the band.
Cover charge varies, and there is a two-drink minimum.
Cover charge varies, no cover most weeknights.
Cover charge varies.
Cover charges apply for weekend nights.
Cover charges are criminal.
Cover charges are generally very reasonable.
Cover charges are highest on the weekends.
Cover charges are rare.
Cover charges are usually nonexistent or minimal.
Cover charges depend on the show, but are comparable to other music venues in town.
Cover charges varies.
Cover charges vary from place to place and from night to night, and they are noted in each entry.
Cover charges vary, so call ahead to get an estimate.
Cover charges vary.
Cover chimney outlet with a non-flammable screen.
Cover coat snap with lining fabric.
Cover copy is very difficult to write.
A cover crop is a crop
Cover crops affect insect and spider populations in apple orchards.
Cover crops affect seedling growth.
Cover crops are a cornerstone of an integrated orchard production system.
Cover crops are an important component of the system.
Cover crops are another excellent organic fertilizer.
Cover crops are another option.
Cover crops are common in the central coast where production practices allow partial crop rotation.
Cover crops are crimson clover, red clover, and annual ryegrass.
Cover crops are crops.
Cover crops are key in improving soil tilth.
Cover crops are legumes, cereals or an appropriate mixture.
Cover crops are plants grown to cover the soil during idle periods.
Cover crops are short rotation winter crops such as rye grasses.
Cover crops are soil and climate sensitive.
Cover crops benefit the soil in many ways.
Cover crops break the nematode and disease cycles.
Cover crops can also help control soil erosion.
Cover crops can also improve soil structure as roots and root exudates promote soil aggregation.
Cover crops can also provide shelter for insects.
Cover crops can also suppress weeds chemically .
Cover crops can be an integral part of the orchard floor management plan.
Cover crops can be an integral part of the overall orchard floor management plan.
Cover crops can be annual or perennial.
Cover crops can be annual, biennial, or perennial plant species that serve a variety of purposes.
Cover crops can be annual, winter annual, biennial, or perennial plant species.
Cover crops can be tough to manage if they get too mature before they are tilled in.
Cover crops can become weeds.
Cover crops can enhance nitrogen production and can also reduce nutrient losses.
Cover crops can have some drawbacks, however.
Cover crops can help to make a no-till vegetable system work.
Cover crops can provide an increment of weed control by competing for light, water and nutrients.
Cover crops can provide an opportunity for crop rotation and rapid turnover of weed seedbanks.
Cover crops can reduce erosion from rain or wind, especially in the winter or early spring.
Cover crops compete with forages for light, moisture, and nutrients.
Cover crops compete with weeds for light, water and nutrients.
Cover crops have additional benefits according to the species planted.
Cover crops have an important role in successful sustainable farming systems.
Cover crops have the added benefits of stabilizing topsoil and improving soil quality.
Cover crops have the potential to fix nitrogen.
Cover crops help control weeds and conserve soil moisture.
Cover crops improve soil fertility and structure.
Cover crops improve soil fertility and tilth, and supply organic matter to the field.
Cover crops planted in late summer are an inexpensive way to build better soil for gardening.
Cover crops play a crucial role in that system.
Cover crops play crucial roles.
Cover crops play roles.
Cover crops protect the soil surface and reduce sealing.
Cover crops provide benefits.
Cover crops provide many benefits.
Cover crops provide nutrients to the soil organisms while competing with and smothering weeds.
Cover crops provide organic matter to the soil system.
Cover crops provide plant nutrients.
Cover crops reduce soil compaction while increasing water percolation and retention.
Cover crops reduce wind erosion and nutrient loss, and increase soil carbon.
Cover crops reflect more solar radiation, allowing less to reach the soil surface.
Cover crops replace the bare dirt rows between orchard trees and grape vines.
Cover crops serve purposes.
Cover crops shelter the seeds from sunlight and physically interfere with seedling emergence.
Cover crops use soil water while they are growing.
Cover crops vary depending upon the point in the rotation.
Cover crops yield many benefits.
Cover design includes incipits from six items in the series.
Cover design is also an important aspect of value.
Cover design is optional and receives no points in the scoring.
All cover dimensions are outside dimensions.
Cover disks seem to accompany most magazines nowadays.
Cover doll pick with fondant.
Cover edges are slightly dog-eared.
Cover effects apply to both attackers and defenders.
Cover employees have administrators.
Cover flap contains a viewer and every other page is a black and white stereoscopic photo.
Cover ghost cookies with white icing and add black gel face.
Cover glasses are either square or round.
Cover graphics are very nice.
Cover house vents with wire mesh.
Cover illustration is intact and a decent example.
Cover illustration shows the golly sulking.
Cover image is probably a portrait of an athlete or two.
Cover image shows waves crashing against a rocky shore.
Cover images are now available for most albums and there are many sound files.
Cover images reflect the titles listed below.
All cover images are color.
All cover images are the property of their respective artists and publishers.
Cover lamb chunks with seasoned flour until well-coated.
Cover latch is broken, unit is inoperative.
A cover letter is a letter
Cover letter includes information that calls attention to candidate's weaknesses.
Cover letter is a general form letter sent to a large number of employers.
Cover letter is designed for customization and is provided on personalized letterhead.
Cover letter is in preparation.
Cover letter is optional but encouraged.
Cover letter is optional, short biographical statement desirable.
Cover letter is optional.
Cover letter lists personal interests and hobbies.
Cover letter says a lot.
Cover letter states unrelated career goals.
Cover letter templates that help create an equally powerful cover letter.
Cover letters are a real art form.
Cover letters are a snap.
Cover letters are also available.
Cover letters are another concern.
Cover letters are another matter.
Cover letters are as important as resumes.
Cover letters are especially important to new graduates.
Cover letters are extremely important.
Cover letters are extremely limited in value, even when properly used.
Cover letters are extremely limited in value, even when used properly.
Cover letters are letters.
Cover letters are like bonuses, especially if there is a proposal page limit.
Cover letters are never the same for any two customers.
Cover letters are often one of the most difficult parts of an internship or job search.
Cover letters are one of the most important components of job search correspondence.
Cover letters are one of the most overlooked aspects of the process of impressing an employer.
Cover letters are optional, but preferred.
Cover letters are optional.
Cover letters are sales letters.
Cover letters are simply a letter of introduction.
Cover letters are strongly encouraged.
Cover letters are such total bullshit.
Cover letters are the next most important thing for job seeking.
Cover letters are tools to sell the next steps in the sale.
Cover letters are typically one page documents.
Cover letters are very important .
Cover letters are very important.
Cover letters can be effective for observatories where some operations have to be done by hand.
Cover letters come in all shapes and sizes.
Cover letters come in many different styles.
Cover letters fail to deliver if they are cloned and sterile.
Cover letters provide both the personal and professional touch.
Cover letters serve as writing samples so make sure it is interesting, clear and well written.
Cover letters tend to get lost in the shuffle.
Some cover letters are self-referred.
Cover letterhead has a watermark that bleeds on all four sides.
Cover material is leather-like expanded supported vinyl.
Cover material is subject to approval by the publisher before acceptance for publication.
Cover materials are critical to the success of a sawdust toilet.
Cover materials are of the highest grade, navy blue fabric with gold foil stamping.
Cover materials can include earthen soil or alternative materials, such as foams or tarps.
Cover meat strips with flour mixture.
Cover misprint states one of four issues.
Cover models pose the audience.
Cover note is attached and letters are put in teachers' mailboxes.
Cover page can have picture plus slogan.
Cover page has links to online exhibitions.
Cover page is optional.
Cover pages are a disaster.
Cover pages are a waste of paper and special covers are very bulky and cumbersome for the professor.
Cover pages are available.
Cover pages are optional.
Cover pages summarize detail bills or provide a customized cover letter.
Cover papers are generally more stable and durable.
Cover photos are important, too.
Cover Photos View larger cover photos by selecting from the images below.
Cover photomicrograph features serotonin.
Cover plant beds with composted leaves or grass to help retain moisture.
Cover positions are available solely on an annual contract basis.
Cover positions are available.
Cover positions are non- cancelable.
Cover positions are non-cancelable.
Cover positions are noncancellable.
Cover price includes postage.
Cover proofs arrive.
Cover reflectivity is low and in some cases competely absent.
Cover reflectivity is low and in some cases completely absent.
Cover reflectivity is low.
Cover reflectivity is usually low and in some cases completely absent.
Cover replacement is done in the reverse order of removal.
Cover rib ends with towel if the body was autopsied.
Cover scene shows hunters and their hounds chasing after a fox.
Cover schools are church school composed of homeschoolers.
Cover sheet is a sheet that is fitted at the bottom and keeps the sheet from falling off the bed.
Cover sheet is included.
Cover sheets are available from a pigeon hole in the mailroom.
Cover sheets are available in lab and on the website.
Cover sheets are available.
Cover sheets are there too.
A cover slip is an artifact
Cover slip comes off during washes.
Cover slips are inherently unhygienic.
A cover song is a recording
Cover songs are fun.
Cover songs are something at radio that gets a pretty good reaction.
Cover stock is available with all finishing options.
Cover stories are an almost inevitable part of every improper relationship between two human beings.
Cover stories are often news stories of features of considerable length.
Cover stories begin here .
Cover story rotates and the site is updated frequently.
Cover tape is an anti-static strip used in the packaging of surface mount devices.
Cover tests show bilateral latent nystagmus worse in the right eye.
Cover testing is good at the extremes.
Cover title varies.
Cover tree crowns with wet burlap to prevent drying of the tops, especially evergreen.
Cover tunes are hard to pull off even for the most gifted of imitators.
Cover type is restricted to use by a small number of species.
A cover version is a recording
Cover versions can be interesting to compare.
Cover work can keep writers stationed at their keyboards into the wee hours of the night.
A cover is a covering
Cover breathes to prevent harmful condensation underneath.
Cover burn lightly with sterile gauze or clean cloth.
Cover burn with a clean, dry cloth.
Cover burn with a clean, dry dressing.
Cover burn with a clean, sterile bandage.
Cover burn with a sterile dressing.
Cover burn with dry bandage.
Cover burn with towel soaked in cold water to help stop the burning process.
Cover burn with towel soaked in cold water until pain stops.
Cover cages with cloths if necessary to keep pets quiet and restful.
Cover can and tape well.
Cover cassettes with foil during sampling.
Cover charge some evenings.
Cover chimneys with a one-half inch or smaller mesh to prevent ash from igniting the landscape.
Cover claims it all to come from California jam , which is utterly wrong.
Cover closes automatically when foot is removed.
Cover closes for easy portability.
Cover closes to prevent accidental key operation when in pocket or bag.
Cover comes off to reveal removable partitioned tray and large space below.
Cover comes with it.
Cover consists of live oak trees with cedar mixed in and some pinon pine.
Cover consists of tree belts, weed patches, grasses, etc.
Cover continues when water is added, with some plastic buckets.
Cover cucumbers a third time with hot water.
Cover drains with small mesh screens.
Cover drops down for access.
Cover enchiladas evenly with sauce and top with remaining cheese.
Cover ends with butter.
Cover ends with masking tape if desired.
Cover ends with plastic wrap and place rubber bands around the tube.
Cover ends with small pieces of foil to prevent burning.
Cover features gold foil stamping.
Cover features traditional red hearts.
Cover filling with remaining mixture till molded baking dish is full.
Cover fits both pot and insert.
Cover fits medium, large and jumbo chimeneas.
Cover folds into convenient stand when open, protects the crystal when closed.
Cover folds otherwise very good.
Cover grows thin.
Cover images Their respective artists and publishers.
Cover includes seal.
Cover log with wheat germ.
Cover opens fully for complete access.
Cover protects wildlife from weather and predators, and becomes a site for nesting.
Cover provides protection through concealment and impenetrability to predators.
Cover refers to things like specific aquatic vegetation or sunken trees.
Cover refrigerate until cool.
Cover relates to length of service.
Cover removes easily for cleaning.
Cover removes easily to machine wash and dry.
Cover scan soon.
Cover send from USA and f.w.
Cover shown is for first edition.
Cover shown is representative.
Cover shows age, once inch fade at edge, chipping and wear on spine.
Cover shows all the pictures inside.
Cover shows large and sensuous gilt lilies.
Cover shows light foxing.
Cover shows minor wear on edges and at head and foot of spine.
Cover shows minor wear on edges and corners.
Cover shows minor wear on edges.
Cover shows minor wear.
Cover shows slight fading and wear.
Cover shows some edge wear and bumped corners, stain in the margin area of a few pages.
Cover shows some edge wear and spine wear.
Cover shows some edge wear.
Cover shows some rub wear at spine with some bending at corners.
Cover shows some slight rub wear otherwise book in very good condition.
Cover shows some very minor wear, but no serious defects.
Cover shows some wear as seen, corners chipped, but internally mostly clean with photo cards fresh.
Cover shows some wear on edges.
Cover shows some wear.
Cover shows very heavy wear.
Cover shows very minor fading.
Cover slides off for easy access to interior of enclosure.
Cover stems with floral tape if using dried flowers.
Cover templates CD covers Our the largest of the three mediums.
Cover torn, rear cover missing, Tears and nicks but text is complete.
Cover treads tenuously between harder street edged raps and the playful party raps of yester year.
Cover turn back at bedtime with chocolate on the pillow.
Cover varies according to the band playing.
Cover varies for men.
Cover varies from publication to publication.
Cover varies other nights, casual dress.
Cover varies per evening.
Cover varies widely according to the band playing.
Cover varies with entertainer.
Cover walks inside the ancient nucleus.
Cover wear with some tears.
Cover workbooks with clear contact paper.
Covers accompany most of the letters.
Covers aggregate questions of income and growth, unemployment, and inflation.
Covers airfare for two medical students for Central American distribution.
Covers airfare only.
Covers almostany common mathematical expression.
Covers also aid in weed control to varying degrees.
Covers also keep house flies and fruit flies out.
Covers anarchy, explosives, hacking, phreaking, virii and much more.
Covers anchorages, local navigation, customs, shore facilities, dive spots, and more.
Covers antitheft devices and burglar alarms either permanently or removably installed in a vehicle.
Covers appear in a wide variety of qualities, styles of envelopes, different postmarks, and so on.
Covers approaches relevant to different communities.
Covers are a real problem to make everyone happy.
Covers are a worthwhile investment for almost every spa and pool owner.
Covers are affordable and make ideal gifts for aviation and historical buffs.
Covers are all monoprints.
Covers are also available in quality leather.
Covers are also available lined with linen and bound in red wool.
Covers are also available separately.
Covers are also slightly cocked.
Covers are also washable and reusable.
Covers are an alligator like material.
Covers are as good or better than records unless otherwise noted.
Covers are available either on specified perils or a broad all risks basis.
Covers are available in plastic, or vinyl.
Covers are available in seven fashion colours.
Covers are available in several colors.
Covers are available in some places.
Covers are available, whilst stocks last, both signed and unsigned.
Covers are beautiful and meet author specifications.
Covers are book board wrapped with maroon and gold papers from Thailand.
Covers are bright beautiful and fun.
Covers are bright minor edge wear.
Covers are bulletproof.
Covers are commercially available or can be custom-made to suit individual needs.
Covers are concealment.
Covers are corrosion resistant.
Covers are custom fitted to each shelter.
Covers are easy to install and come in black or black and camel.
Covers are either linen or leather with an inset photo.
Covers are excellent.
Covers are fair, one corner damaged, and a little rough on the back spline - binding solid though.
Covers are fire.
Covers are flush with text pages and are affixed with glue on a perfect binding line.
Covers are full color and laminated with heavy plastic film.
Covers are full color and laminated with plastic.
Covers are full color reproductions of the original album jackets.
Covers are grubby.
Covers are ideal when storage is at a premium.
Covers are important to genealogists because they can give more proof to an enclosed letter.
Covers are in very good condition.
Covers are limited to brown.
Covers are located in books.
Covers are located in garages.
Covers are located in kitchens.
Covers are located in rooms.
Covers are machine washable.
Covers are minimal to non-existent.
Covers are modular which allows for expansion and contraction due to thermal conditions.
Covers are noncancelable.
Covers are non-cancelable.
Covers are non-cancellable.
Covers are of card stock grade.
Covers are part of notebooks.
Covers are plastic laminated for field work.
Covers are really for people.
Covers are recordings.
Covers are removable for cleaning.
Covers are removable for easy machine washing.
Covers are scuffed and slightly soiled.
Covers are slightly soiled.
Covers are soiled and have some pencil writing, but inside pages are good.
Covers are soiled and scuffed, a child has scribbled in pencil on front cover.
Covers are soiled and scuffed.
Covers are soiled.
Covers are something of a fascination for the singer.
Covers are suitable for indoor or outdoor use.
Covers are the important features of an equipment management preventive maintenance program.
Covers are thicker with inclusions of flowers, leaves, wood shavings, lint, thread or confetti.
Covers are to be maintained in a starched condition.
Covers are unnecessary.
Covers are up.
Covers are used for protection.
Covers are used for sealing.
Covers are water damaged.
Covers are water-resistant.
Covers are worn but contents remain in very good condition.
Covers attach to the metal frames via keyhole slots.
Covers bear biology in all four seasons.
Covers bearing Hawaiian stamps in the domestic mail make interesting study.
Covers biomedicine with particularly strong coverage of drugs and pharmacology.
Covers blame theories, how fear and dislike motivate blame, and strategies to decrease blame.
Covers bounce flash techniques, flash brackets, and other related issues.
Covers cakes with a perfectly smooth iced surface.
Covers cakes with a perfectly smooth, matte finish resembling porcelain .
Covers cakes with a perfectly smooth, satiny surface.
Covers cakes with perfectly smooth, satiny iced surface.
Covers can be clear both top or bottom, or a clear cover on top and an opaque cover on the bottom.
Covers can be full-color.
Covers can be hot - as in the case of the Finnish covers that sold in a day.
Covers can be matt or gloss card, or even pre-printed.
Covers can be paper, plastic, card - virtually anything plain or printed.
Covers can be tricky things.
Covers can come off for easy cleaning and ultimately replaced for a whole new look.
Covers can open with tie-backs, roll up on a rod or pull up like blinds.
Covers can provide the link to other collecting interests, especially in bridging collections.
Covers can show inspiration, and humor.
Covers care in emergency room.
Covers care to breeding.
Covers carry a lifetime warranty to the original purchaser.
Covers cassettes, CDs, some video.
Covers come in array of textures, colors, and finishing.
Covers come in cloth, vinyl, terrycloth, sheepskin, wool and leather.
Covers come in color card stock and clear plastic.
Covers come in royal blue or black.
Covers come off without tools and case is still quite compact.
Covers come standard with a skirt length of approx.
Covers come with all hardware necessary for installation.
Covers copy and paste, among other useful tips.
Covers copy editing, content editing and page editing.
Covers copy editing, rewriting, headline and caption writing and page layout.
Covers cost concepts and analysis in both a manufacturing and service operational environment.
Covers deal terms of mergers and acquisitions.
Covers drill presses, power saws, shears, and grinders.
Covers drop, open, modal, unison, slack, and hybrid tunings.
Covers equine nutrition and exercise physiology.
Covers extend to form additional leaves.
Covers eyewear, eyecare, drugs, dental, chiropractic and travel assistance.
Covers fall canopy management, disease problems, and weather effects on ripening.
Covers fear within a Biblical framework and how to overcome the fear of death.
Covers feature a beautiful pink bouquet with graceful ribbons and ivy garland.
Covers feature a great Super Star.
Covers flow diagrams and symbols, piping and general specifications along with piping details.
Covers gay as well as straight couples.
Covers go here to rest, as well as the entries on the homepage.
Covers ground effortlessly with good drive behind.
Covers guitar, bass, drums, vocal, recording and gigs.
Covers gynecology topics without the obstetrics.
Covers have a few creases and spine is creased.
Covers have dent marks and soiling.
Covers have no metal liner to rust or corrode.
Covers have numerous ink speckles, red and otherwise.
Covers have small dents and minor shelf wear.
Covers have the colors which serve as background of the respective web pages.
Covers have three slots that connector alignment pins engage.
Covers includes cam and pinion bushing, gasket and seal, and hardware.
Covers install in minutes with set screws.
Covers interference questions in computer manufacturing and systems design.
Covers keep dirt and spatter off the rails.
Covers kindergarten through sixth grade.
Covers known as shadda vary widely in design.
Covers lawncare, monthly advice, soil, and many other topics.
Covers lead, tin, zinc, bronze, copper, iron, nickel, steel and aluminum.
Covers learning theory applicable to educational technology, explains major research findings.
Covers logging in, getting help, what is on-line, Internet access, dial up access, and more.
Covers make all bins stackable for efficient storage.
Covers material up to generalized least squares estimation.
Covers monotype and linotype.
Covers needs assessments, research methods, evaluation issues in training settings.
Covers negotiating, terms and scams, also provides a hot line.
Covers outstate Minnesota, as well as western Wisconsin and northern Iowa.
Covers pay, leave, benefits, retirement and much more.
Covers prevent freezing during Wyoming's cold winters.
Covers prospect research sources related to corporations, foundations, and grants.
Covers protect original upholstery or cover up old, damaged seats.
Covers protect the upholstery from UV rays keeping the vinyl from cracking and fading.
Covers protects leg and coronet area.
Covers publishes original material concerned with all aspects of strategic management.
Covers pump maintenance, packing gland, seal, and bearing replacement.
Covers radon, asbestos, lead, hazardous waste, water contamination and formaldehyde.
Covers range danceable rock and have fun.
Covers range from the reflective ones to a grey scale version to plain grey.
Covers range, breeding, habitation, description and economic importance.
Covers rasgueados, el picado, servillanas, fandango, rumba, bulerias, soleares, more.
Covers rear half of nest.
Covers records management equipment, control, and retention.
Covers remove easily to inspect the protective qualities of the gloves.
Covers remove easily to inspect the protective qualities of the leaded core.
Covers remove for cleaning.
Covers remove for maching washing.
Covers repair tips and reviews.
Covers require either the original or a professionally-done transparency.
Covers rescuer injuries related to vehicle safety systems.
Covers resume writing, cover letters, preparing for an interview.
Covers resume writing, job interviewing, and gathering information about potential employers.
Covers resumes, letters of inquiry, and interviews.
Covers ribe amt.
Covers rides from beginner to expert.
Covers sell books.
Covers sell magazines .
Covers serve a dual purpose, to conserve heat and to keep foreign objects out .
Covers show clips and scissoring.
Covers show some soiling.
Covers show some wear.
Covers show sports, western, railroad, and adventure.
Covers show typical age wear.
Covers slightly grubby with small tear at top of spine.
Covers slightly grubby.
Covers soiled, rear cover a little torn with loss.
Covers sounds of people, animals, army, nature, machines, modern and high tech.
Covers states west of the Mississippi River except Alaska and Hawaii.
Covers strain gages and photoelasticity theories also.
Covers study abroad programs as well.
Covers subjects other magazines ignore.
Covers tackle, fly tying, casting, knots, wading.
Covers take approximately two weeks in production and one week for shipping.
Covers travel to and within Newfoundland and provides some information sources.
Covers typically require vertical framing.
Covers use cases at both business and process levels.
Covers use specifications, types, selection, and installation.
Covers View the selected book's cover.
Covers walks in all states with contacts for bushwalking clubs in all states.
Covers wetlands restoration, mitigation, and related topics.
Covers wills, probate and general estate matters.
Covers wills, trusts, community property, taxes, and probate.
Covers wills, trusts, living wills, powers of attorney, and more.
Covers womens information and links in a wide wide range of categories.
Covers works in and related to the field of religion.
Covers works on architecture, archaeology, city planning, and the history of architecture.
Covers works primarily in English, and some in the major European languages.
Covers WWII to present.
Covers always extend beyond the edges of the text pages.
Covers often picture news item.
Covers usually depict the canal-boats of Venice, Italy.
All cover is on a claims made basis.
All covers are black plus one other standard cover.
All covers are clear-coat sealed.
All covers are combed, vacuumed and bevelled.
All covers are four-color process.
All covers are four-color.
All covers are identical, a striking quarry painting.
All covers are the same price.
All covers are unaddressed unless otherwise noted.
All covers are unaddressed.
All covers come with a life time road hazard warranty and are available in clear and smoke versions.
All covers come with cream colored monogramming in block letters.
All covers come with installation tools and custom storage bag.
All covers feature a solid brass engravable plate.
All covers feature a super strong durable stitching with overlapping seams.
All covers have shock cord sewn into the hem.
All covers have square corners.
Any cover is better than no cover.
Every cover comes with a full no questions asked, money back guarantee.
Every cover comes with a rubber keypad.
Every cover is a documentation about ship voyages and routes with an exact date.
Every cover looks the same.
Many covers are available.
Many covers are now leather-backed.
Many covers come in automatic or manual versions.
Many covers come with a descriptive filler card or sheet.
Many covers use bezels with buttons instead of the button actually on the drive.
Most covers are a little thicker than a fitted sheet and are machine washable.
Most covers are philatelic examples.
Most covers can be machine washed on warm with the diapers or baby's laundry and then line dried.
Most covers have a chance at finding a home.
Most covers have some type of identification.
Most covers have up to four tie downs.
Most covers look the same, however, it can be hard to determine a quality cover from an imposter.
Most covers say 'stereo' at the top.
Much cover is visible.
Some covers allow precipitation to percolate into and through the silage.
Some covers appear in more than one category.
Some covers are disposable while others are designed to be reused.
Some covers are rectangular.
Some covers bearing the official stamps on consular mail still survive.
Some covers have an added hand stamp cachet and are noted.
Some covers have corners that are rounded .
Some covers have rounded corners.
Some covers use multiple types of fibers, mixing in some inexpensive ones to help minimize costs.
Some covers work amazingly well.
Coverage maps are available on the Internet.
Coverage testing is anecdotal and can only provide confidence about the specific paths tested.
Coverage testing is as likely to find a rare execution failure as it is to find a frequent one.
Coverage allows for elective abortions.
Coverage already exists for crimes due to race, creed, and religion.
Coverage also extends inland to roughly correspond with the surface run-off watershed.
Coverage also extends to manufacturing, quality control, and engineering management issues.
Coverage also extends to volunteers involved in authorized activities.
Coverage also includes a number of ready-reference almanacs and encyclopedia.
Coverage also includes an overview of surgical procedures and a chapter on use of cosmetics.
Coverage also includes articles by invited experts and analysis of environmental management.
Coverage also includes attorney fees, court costs and payment to the injured person.
Coverage also includes books, dissertations, conference proceedings, and book review essays.
Coverage also includes books, dissertations, conference proceedings, and reviews.
Coverage also includes both core and more esoteric material from around the world.
Coverage also includes car parks, community facilities and small part of residential area.
Coverage also includes design, materials, mechanics, dynamics, and biomechanics.
Coverage also includes detailed consideration of the design of modern ventilation systems.
Coverage also includes economy, sports, culture, health, technology, weather, and more.
Coverage also includes e-mail support.
Coverage also includes emergency assistance, medical expenses, accidental death, etc.
Coverage also includes enclosures for loudspeakers, connectors and leads.
Coverage also includes guidelines on intensive care.
Coverage also includes law-related articles from additional business and general interest titles.
Coverage also includes liability protection.
Coverage also includes lifestyle, technical avocations, travel, etc.
Coverage also includes major issues in toxicology assessment as well as other forms of toxic agents.
Coverage also includes manufacturing, quality control, and engineering management issues.
Coverage also includes news on sports, family and lifestyle, literature and the arts.
Coverage also includes Northern Alabama, and Northern Georgia.
Coverage also includes reported decisions from selected leading law reviews and texts.
Coverage also includes reviews, letters, and editorials.
Coverage also includes selected conference proceedings and dissertations.
Coverage also includes sponsors and other persons responsible for the debts of such persons.
Coverage also includes the district's tangible personal property at any location or in-transit.
Coverage also includes the use of land for the purpose of leisure, recreation and tourism .
Coverage also includes using special effects in worksheets and security features for workbooks.
Coverage also is available for accidental loss of life and dismemberment.
Coverage also is available through a separate claims made policy, again with a separate limit.
Coverage also is available to family members.
Coverage also is offered to individuals.
Coverage also is provided for certain ambulance services.
Coverage also varies for agricultural workers and domestic workers.
Coverage amounts for financial responsibility.
Coverage appears to be primarily American, Canadian and European scientists.
Coverage applies anywhere in the world.
Coverage applies as presently written on the policy.
Coverage applies both while in transit and at the off-site location.
Coverage applies for claims arising from common or limited common areas.
Coverage applies in transit, on site and while partially installed.
Coverage applies no matter who causes the accident.
Coverage applies on a per acre basis thereby offering first dollar coverage for hail damage.
Coverage applies primarily to the dwelling itself.
Coverage applies regardless of any prior medical condition.
Coverage applies to all components and parts of the heating, pumping and filtration system.
Coverage applies to all employers.
Coverage applies to officers and directors including trustees, committee members and volunteers.
Coverage applies to road-use motorcycles only.
Coverage applies to sudden and gradual pollution conditions.
Coverage applies to the insured's activities anywhere in the world.
Coverage applies to visit with doctor, physician's assistance, nurse practitioner or nurse midwife.
Coverage applies to work at the construction side.
Coverage applies to works in transit and related storage.
Coverage applies up to a maximum of four doses.
Coverage applies whether afloat or on shore.
Coverage applies whether the individual is convicted, acquitted or if the charges are withdrawn.
Coverage applies while at, and traveling to or from competition and practices.
Coverage applies without notice to the insurer.
Coverage applies world-wide, and there are no annual limits on service.
Coverage applies worldwide.
Coverage are mandatory unless reduced or rejected in writing.
Coverage attempts to be international.
Coverage automatically renews every four months.
Coverage based on public denials of unsubstantiated stories is unfair.
Coverage becomes all the more costly if an illness is involved.
Coverage becomes effective after three months of employment.
Coverage becomes effective at birth.
Coverage becomes effective from the first day of active employment following appointment.
Coverage becomes effective on the date of eligibility.
Coverage becomes effective on the first day of employment.
Coverage becomes effective on the first of the month following start date.
Coverage becomes effective on their employment date.
Coverage becomes effective only upon payment in full of all travel program fees.
Coverage becomes effective the first day of the following month.
Coverage becomes effective the first day of the month following one year of employment.
Coverage becomes effective the first day of the month following the date of hire.
Coverage becomes effective the first day of the month following three months of employment.
Coverage becomes effective the first of the month following three months of continuous employment.
Coverage becomes effective upon receipt of the enrollment form and payment.
Coverage becomes the crucial variable for getting kids ready for testing.
Coverage begins after a card member charges tickets or a rental car and leaves home or the office.
Coverage begins after one month of employment.
Coverage begins after six-months of employment.
Coverage begins after three months on staff.
Coverage begins as of the first day of employment in an insurance eligible position.
Coverage begins as of the first day of the month following the employee's appointment.
Coverage begins as soon as enrollment forms are received by the insurance company.
Coverage begins at the actual start of the trip, from the original point of departure.
Coverage begins first of month after payroll deductions start.
Coverage begins first of the month following one full month of employment.
Coverage begins following one year of regular employment.
Coverage begins forty-eight hours after a theft of a covered auto.
Coverage begins forty-eight hours after the theft.
Coverage begins four to six weeks after application is received.
Coverage begins from the time of payment of the fee.
Coverage begins immediately upon employment.
Coverage begins immediately.
Coverage begins in the sixteenth century to the present.
Coverage begins on date of appointment from civil service list.
Coverage begins on date of hire.
Coverage begins on the date of employment.
Coverage begins on the date of full-time employment.
Coverage begins on the date of hire or date of eligibility.
Coverage begins on the date of hire.
Coverage begins on the date of signature.
Coverage begins on the date the employee is to report to work.
Coverage begins on the day of registration.
Coverage begins on the employee's first day of employment.
Coverage begins on the first day of assignment.
Coverage begins on the first day of employment and there is no pre-existing exclusion clause.
Coverage begins on the first day of employment, and there is no pre-existing exclusion clause.
Coverage begins on the first day of employment.
Coverage begins on the first day of the first full month of employment.
Coverage begins on the first day of the month coincident with or following the date of hire.
Coverage begins on the first day of the month following one full month of employment.
Coverage begins on the first day of the month following one year of continuous services.
Coverage begins on the first day of the month following one year of service as an eligible employee.
Coverage begins on the first day of the month following the date of employment.
Coverage begins on the first day of the month following the employee's date of hire.
Coverage begins on the first day of the month following two full months of employment.
Coverage begins on the first day of the next month after an officer is hired.
Coverage begins on the first day the employee is eligible for coverage.
Coverage begins on the first full day of employment and includes a small co-pay for office visits.
Coverage begins on the first of the month following a one-year waiting period.
Coverage begins on the first of the month following acceptance.
Coverage begins on the first of the month following eligibility determination.
Coverage begins on the first of the month following employment.
Coverage begins on the first of the month following one month of employment.
Coverage begins on the first of the month following the date of employment.
Coverage begins on the first of the month following the employee's date of hire.
Coverage begins right away for qualified borrowers.
Coverage begins six months after employment.
Coverage begins the date of employment.
Coverage begins the date of inspection.
Coverage begins the day following receipt of the enrollment form for all other students.
Coverage begins the first day actively at work .
Coverage begins the first day of the month after enrollment.
Coverage begins the first day of the month after hire.
Coverage begins the first day of the month following an individual's hire.
Coverage begins the first month following date of hire.
Coverage begins the first of the month after work begins.
Coverage begins the first of the month coincident with or next following one year of service.
Coverage begins the first of the month coinciding with, or following employment.
Coverage begins the first of the month coinciding with, or following, date of hire.
Coverage begins the first of the month following enrollment.
Coverage begins the first of the month following hire date.
Coverage begins the first of the month following one full month of employment.
Coverage begins the first of the month following the date of approval.
Coverage begins the first of the month following the date of employment.
Coverage begins the first of the month following the employee's date of hire.
Coverage begins the first of the month following the employee's hire date.
Coverage begins the month following payment of the first premium.
Coverage begins thirty minutes prior to kickoff, and wraps up with a postgame show.
Coverage begins three months after the first day of full-time employment.
Coverage begins upon receipt of the form and the premium payment.
Coverage begins when the property is paid for and physically delivered to the site.
Coverage begins with a review of ultrasound principles, instrumentation, and techniques.
Coverage begins with recent laboratory findings on sickle hemoglobin and sickle red cell pathology.
Coverage begins with the first day of the first full month of employment.
Coverage begins with the first issue of a title.
Coverage begins with the pregame show and continues through the postgame show.
Coverage begins, date.
Coverage broadens with each regulation, almost like an umbrella that gets bigger with each reg.
Coverage can also vary widely by race.
Coverage can apply only to future dates.
Coverage can be a great indicator that bias is involved.
Coverage can be discriminatory.
Coverage can be local, regional, nationwide or extended nationwide.
Coverage can be spotty in some areas up in the mountains.
Coverage can be spotty.
Coverage can begin up to two years prior to the event date.
Coverage can ceases upon termination of active employment.
Coverage can include pollution arising from products liability.
Coverage can only commence upon the issuance of a binder and the payment of a deposit premium.
Coverage can remain in force regardless of employment status.
Coverage can vary from executive to executive.
Coverage can vary from one visit to the next even on the same day.
Coverage can vary widely among HMOs.
Coverage ceases at termination of employment and generally has a limited or no conversion option.
Coverage comes with membership.
Coverage commences the first day of the month following the date of employment.
Coverage concentrates on areas of high technology where progress is most rapid.
Coverage consists of predicting the matches played by the clans.
Coverage continues at no cost to the employee while in a non-pay status.
Coverage continues during the non-work period.
Coverage continues even in the absence of one staff member.
Coverage continues for one full year from that date.
Coverage continues if specifically stated in the Order.
Coverage continues if the required premium is paid.
Coverage continues throughout life.
Coverage continues with the reception dinner.
Coverage continues, barring any exceptions, under a renewal of the policy.
Coverage correlates to emphasis instructors place on the subject, and assures student comprehension.
Coverage Covers current standards and some non-current.
Coverage Covers the broad range of strategy and long range planning.
Coverage currently includes portions of north, central, and east Texas.
Coverage customarily includes fire and extended coverage and vandalism and malicious mischief.
Coverage dates back to the early eighties.
Coverage declines abruptly after ca.
Coverage decreases with each mortgage payment.
Coverage depends on a patient's specific plan.
Coverage depends on country.
Coverage depends on how tiles are applied and the size of grout lines.
Coverage depends on joint width and paver porosity.
Coverage depends on mulch quality and color absorption.
Coverage Depends on surface texture being treated.
Coverage depends on the concrete's porosity and composition.
Coverage depends on the country of publication - full details .
Coverage depends on the provider.
Coverage Depends on the study.
Coverage depends on the subject area.
Coverage depends on the temperature and porosity of the concrete.
Coverage depends on the type of employment and amount of wages paid.
Coverage depends upon student availability.
Coverage depicted is an approximation.
Coverage Describes the spatial and temporal characteristics of objects or resources through time.
Coverage determines whether the information is an overview or in depth, international or local, etc.
Coverage differs for each geographic area.
Coverage does include the islands off the west coast of Africa.
Coverage does include the remainder of a regular statics course using vector analysis.
Coverage emphasizes application to integrated circuit technology.
Coverage emphasizes English-language materials, and most records contain an abstract.
Coverage emphasizes English-language materials, and most records contain an informative abstract.
Coverage emphasizes research design rather than simply survey.
Coverage emphasizes stocks that are soaring, splitting, or sinking.
Coverage encompasses a large, diverse group of neoplastic and non-neoplastic entities.
Coverage encompasses a wide variety of fields.
Coverage encompasses administrative and civil law, as well as criminal law.
Coverage encompasses all county employees and all county locations.
Coverage encompasses coastal states from Texas to North Carolina.
Coverage encompasses domain engineering, feature modeling, and generic programming.
Coverage encompasses every full article in each of the periodicals included.
Coverage ends at midnight the day before the beginning of class the following semester.
Coverage ends at retirement.
Coverage ends at the time of the scheduled departure.
Coverage ends immediately.
Coverage ends on the last day of the month after termination date or change to ineligible status.
Coverage ends on the last day of the month for which a premium payment was made.
Coverage ends when the insured person arrives at the return destination point.
Coverage ends when the term expires.
Coverage examines the impact of economic issues on the decisions of firms.
Coverage expires at termination of appointment.
Coverage expires at the same time as the Basic Plan.
Coverage expires one year from the effective date.
Coverage extend over the whole country, with the exception of remote areas.
Coverage extends across the industrialised world.
Coverage extends all over Belgium.
Coverage extends all over the country.
Coverage extends back seven to twenty years.
Coverage extends back six years and the files are updated monthly.
Coverage extends back to first issue of journal.
Coverage extends back to the first volume of each journal.
Coverage extends back to the previous four years.
Coverage extends beyond Australia to New Zealand, Papua New Guinea, the Pacific, and Antarctica.
Coverage extends from ca.
Coverage extends from Canada to Argentina.
Coverage extends from the date of joining to the date of termination of employment.
Coverage extends from the eighteenth to twentieth centuries.
Coverage extends from the journal's first issue to issues two to five years old.
Coverage extends from the smallest to the largest pageants.
Coverage extends into all end-use sectors for chemicals.
Coverage extends into consumption and investment theories.
Coverage extends into estimation techniques including simultaneous-equation models.
Coverage extends nearly all over the country.
Coverage extends north to Pine Valley and south to the Pennsylvania state line.
Coverage extends only to duties performed in the respective training program.
Coverage extends over the central area of the country.
Coverage extends over the lower lying areas and on the coast.
Coverage extends over the northern half of the island.
Coverage extends over the whole country, with the exception of remote areas.
Coverage extends through the last day of the month in which employment ends.
Coverage extends to air , land and water-borne HPVs.
Coverage extends to all major mechanical components including engine, transmission and more.
Coverage extends to all major towns.
Coverage extends to all of Utah.
Coverage extends to all subject areas and all countries.
Coverage extends to architecture, decorative arts and photography.
Coverage extends to comic books, television, bookstores, fandom.
Coverage extends to conventional types including encrypted, boot, file and macro viruses.
Coverage extends to deliveries throughout the world.
Coverage extends to dogs, cats, birds, fish and small pets and horses.
Coverage extends to each individual contract.
Coverage extends to game designers and there are links to almost all the computer game companies.
Coverage extends to Haiti on the west and to Antigua in the east.
Coverage extends to include travel directly to and from a covered activity.
Coverage extends to include travel to and from a covered activity.
Coverage extends to individuals in most parts of the world and spans a wide variety of occupations.
Coverage extends to insects, mites, fungi, bacteria, viruses, nematodes and parasitic plants.
Coverage extends to Internet-based publishing.
Coverage extends to midnight, weekdays, and during the day on weekends.
Coverage extends to most urban areas.
Coverage extends to papers discussing the effect of the equipment on crop quality and yield.
Coverage extends to spouse and eligible dependents.
Coverage extends to the physics of spraying including droplet size and behaviour.
Coverage extends to the team as an insured entity if all team members register individually.
Coverage extends to theft inside or outside the premises.
Coverage extends well beyond polyolefins, to include styrenics, cyclics, and functional comonomers.
Coverage falls within the liability policy terms and conditions.
Coverage features major meetings worldwide and interviews with research physicians.
Coverage focuses on business and economic news, but other areas are also covered.
Coverage focuses on events and developments within the audience countries.
Coverage focuses on issues related to data link control, network, and transport levels.
Coverage focuses on recent social, economic, political, environmental, and health issues.
Coverage focuses on strategic, marketing and financial issues in the Western United States.
Coverage generally includes hospital, drugs, doctors, long term care and medical equipment.
Coverage generally is terminated when an employee leaves the company.
Coverage generally stops at the end of the month in which a person's circumstances change.
Coverage goes back farther for appropriate topics.
Coverage goes back five years.
Coverage goes back ten years, or earlier, in some cases.
Coverage goes back three years.
Coverage goes back to ca.
Coverage goes back to only the most recent two weeks or so.
Coverage goes back to the first issue of the publications included in the archive.
Coverage goes back two weeks.
Coverage goes back two years.
Coverage goes far beyond the borders of Maine.
Coverage grows as they do.
Coverage has no Feature Classes.
Coverage here is international.
Coverage here is targeted for teachers and looks to be fair, clearly written, and helpful.
Coverage includes a basic introduction to the Internet and networks.
Coverage includes a book review section in the back of each issue.
Coverage includes a brief history and information on local customs, travel, food, and language.
Coverage includes a broad range of interdisciplinary fields.
Coverage includes a detailed introduction to the anatomy of the extraperitoneal region.
Coverage includes a dismemberment and death benefit.
Coverage includes a focused examination of classical, medieval and contemporary legal thinkers.
Coverage includes a large time frame and a varying number of periodicals.
Coverage includes a look at Mexico, money laundering, corruption and drug treatment.
Coverage includes a mix of popular magazines and scholarly journals.
Coverage includes a mix of scholarly and general interest publications.
Coverage includes a number of smaller market media resources.
Coverage includes a rigorous examination of molecular processes in cellular functioning.
Coverage includes a series recap and line scores from each game.
Coverage includes a small selection of film titles.
Coverage includes a study of statutory law, administrative agencies, and court decisions.
Coverage includes a variety of stock and bond types, as well as futures, options and swap contracts.
Coverage includes a wide range of science journals, from popular to professional and scholarly.
Coverage includes a wide range of scientific journals, from popular to professional.
Coverage includes a wide variety of regions.
Coverage includes academic journals, law reviews and legal newspapers.
Coverage includes accidental death and dismemberment, and accelerated death benefits.
Coverage includes accounting and business law.
Coverage includes accounting, finance, management and small business.
Coverage includes adult and civil courts.
Coverage includes agricultural uses of water, and wetland research.
Coverage includes agriculture, life sciences, medicine, pure sciences, and technology.
Coverage includes air, water, and pesticides law and policy.
Coverage includes all areas of healthcare science and administration.
Coverage includes all areas of science and technology.
Coverage includes all aspects of agriculture and allied disciplines.
Coverage includes all aspects of American and Canadian history, from pre-history to date.
Coverage includes all aspects of American and world history.
Coverage includes all aspects of health and medicine.
Coverage includes all aspects of journalism and communication studies.
Coverage includes all aspects of metallurgy and materials science.
Coverage includes all branches of the army and everything from field clothing to dress uniforms.
Coverage includes all eligible dependents at no additional charge.
Coverage includes all known viruses, including boot sector, polymorphic and stealth viruses.
Coverage includes all languages in which publications appear.
Coverage includes all members, activities, volunteers and officers.
Coverage includes all modern national literatures.
Coverage includes all of Nebraska and Kansas.
Coverage includes all of the basics and moves into creating class objects.
Coverage includes all of the U.S., London and Toronto.
Coverage includes all railroad bridges that cross over roads.
Coverage includes all species on the state list at the time of publication.
Coverage includes all types of federally guaranteed loans.
Coverage includes all UK waters.
Coverage includes all-risks, hull damage, liability, medical expenses and more.
Coverage includes aluminum production, properties, products, and business information.
Coverage includes an exhibitors' list, a floor plan, a showcase of products, and more.
Coverage includes ancient, medieval, and modern Europe, America, China, and world religions.
Coverage includes animals, protected areas, forests, plants, marine resources, and biodiversity.
Coverage includes any genre on any digital platform.
Coverage includes any pre-surgical testing required, the actual surgical costs, and anesthetic.
Coverage includes architecture before Greece to Baroque.
Coverage includes archives, libraries, journals, discussion lists, and other web resources.
Coverage includes areas that many other insurers exclude.
Coverage includes art, business, education, government, jobs, music, sports, radio and TV, and more.
Coverage includes artists, publishers, distributors, and much more.
Coverage includes assorted natural sciences, computer science, and sociology.
Coverage includes athletic rehabilitation, sports medicine, doping in sports.
Coverage includes band news, sound clips, and discussion forums.
Coverage includes basic statistical theory and classical regression analysis.
Coverage includes behavior, ecology, evolution, morphology, systematics, and more.
Coverage includes bibliographies published anywhere in the world in the Roman alphabet.
Coverage includes bills introduced, news, congressional membership and links to other Web sites.
Coverage includes biochemistry and other life sciences related chemistry.
Coverage includes biographical, geographical, philosophical, and theoretical information.
Coverage includes biomedicine, behavior, conservation and veterinary science.
Coverage includes black and white and color.
Coverage includes blues, classical, cajun and much more.
Coverage includes book reviews, record reviews, first performances, and obituaries.
Coverage includes books and journals.
Coverage includes books, book chapters, book reviews, articles, and dissertations.
Coverage includes books, book chapters, book reviews, journal articles, and dissertations.
Coverage includes books, dissertations, conference proceedings, and book chapters.
Coverage includes books, dissertations, journal articles, and essay articles in book collections.
Coverage includes books, journal articles, dissertations, and more.
Coverage includes books, journal articles, etc.
Coverage includes books, journals, proceedings, etc.
Coverage includes books, maps, journals, and reports.
Coverage includes books, videos, and audio recordings.
Coverage includes both common and rare conditions.
Coverage includes both commonly occurring English words and biomedical vocabulary.
Coverage includes both continuous and discrete-time systems.
Coverage includes both English language and foreign language journals.
Coverage includes both independent and dependent school systems.
Coverage includes both printed and electronic sources.
Coverage includes both regulatory and legislative action at state and national levels.
Coverage includes both scientific and technical developments and engineering and process level work.
Coverage includes both state and local levels.
Coverage includes both studio quality portraits and candids.
Coverage includes both traditional insurable risks and financial risks.
Coverage includes budgets, revenues, expenditures, and required financial reports.
Coverage includes buildings, liability protection, and loss of rents insurance.
Coverage includes business, cultural, educational, political and sports news.
Coverage includes buying considerations, tips on grooming, training, nutrition, exercise, and more.
Coverage includes Canada and Mexico in most cases.
Coverage includes cars, trucks and SUVs, both import and domestic.
Coverage includes casinos, lotteries, the latest on the internet gambling conflict, and more.
Coverage includes cats, dogs, and farm animals.
Coverage includes cause of death, life expectancy, infant deaths, and several other parameters.
Coverage includes ceremony, candid, and romantic portraits.
Coverage includes chemical and chemical technology patents.
Coverage includes Chile and Venezuela.
Coverage includes citations and some full-text articles in education and other disciplines.
Coverage includes civic professional, service, and trade associations.
Coverage includes civil as well as criminal juries.
Coverage includes civil, criminal and administrative forms.
Coverage includes clear explanations of the derivation of econometric methods and practices.
Coverage includes clinical medicine, biological sciences and environmental science.
Coverage includes coaches, officials, administrators, and media figures, as well as athletes.
Coverage includes commercial transport, regional and corporate aircraft.
Coverage includes common drug uses, proper use of medicines, and possible drug side effects.
Coverage includes company, market and product information.
Coverage includes comparative, municipal, and public and private international law.
Coverage includes complete information on the available enem solutions.
Coverage includes complete purchase and sale agreement clauses with commentary.
Coverage includes comprehensive medical programs, prescriptions, vision and preventive care.
Coverage includes conference proceedings, books, patents and company product literature.
Coverage includes consideration of professional and governmental guidance.
Coverage includes consumer health topics .
Coverage includes contemporary and historical figures worldwide.
Coverage includes contents, liability and scheduled personal property.
Coverage includes control structures, subprograms, recursion, arrays, strings, and records.
Coverage includes copyrights and patents and other areas at the option of the instructor.
Coverage includes corporate, government, and mortgage-based obligations.
Coverage includes correction of damage to sound natural teeth caused by accidental injury.
Coverage includes cults, the various world religions, ancient religions, atheism, magic, etc.
Coverage includes cultural anthropology, physical anthropology, and archaeology.
Coverage includes current analyses, as well as background information.
Coverage includes current and controversial issues, science news, and country profiles.
Coverage includes current developments in the United States Europe, and Japan.
Coverage includes current updates to the treatise.
Coverage includes current year and previous three years.
Coverage includes daily newspapers, journals and newswires.
Coverage includes damages, judgments, settlements, costs, and defense costs.
Coverage includes dance education and dance therapy.
Coverage includes defense costs and is excess of any other valid and collectible insurance.
Coverage includes defense costs associated with peer review actions.
Coverage includes details of audience figures.
Coverage includes developed and emerging currencies.
Coverage includes different areas of science, technology, medicine, humanities, and social sciences.
Coverage includes diodes, transistors, FETs and operational amplifiers.
Coverage includes dispersion of solid particles and polymer lattices.
Coverage includes document and provides search access.
Coverage includes documents published worldwide in any of six languages.
Coverage includes documents published worldwide.
Coverage includes documents.
Coverage includes dresses, separates, coats, suits, eveningwear , accessories, and swimwear.
Coverage includes economic, safety and environmental considerations.
Coverage includes economics, international relations, policy sciences, and political science.
Coverage includes elective abortions, midwives, and alternative health providers.
Coverage includes electronic commerce, due process, customary law, and privacy issues.
Coverage includes elements of financial statements and the full accounting cycle.
Coverage includes employment, disciplinary, counseling, and performance appraisal interviews.
Coverage includes engineering geology, hydrology, and seismology.
Coverage includes England, Scotland, Wales, and Northern Ireland.
Coverage includes English and American literature.
Coverage includes English literature, history, philosophy, linguistics, and the fine arts.
Coverage includes environmental issues.
Coverage includes environmental topics.
Coverage includes ethics, risk, materiality, internal control, evidence and reporting.
Coverage includes Europe, the Asia Pacific, Latin America, North America and Africa.
Coverage includes everything from local customs to how to find jobs.
Coverage includes exams, lens, frames and contact lens.
Coverage includes eye examinations, glasses, and contact lenses.
Coverage includes fiction, non-fiction, foreign language titles, and reprints.
Coverage includes finance, business trends, management, international trade, and new technologies.
Coverage includes financial markets, market sector reviews, accountancy and law, and innovation.
Coverage includes fine arts, history, literature, music, philosophy and theology.
Coverage includes fine arts, textiles, ceramics, photography and other areas of the visual arts.
Coverage includes fitness.
Coverage includes food science and nutrition.
Coverage includes foreign currency translation, inflation accounting and transfer pricing.
Coverage includes forensic psychiatric services and administrative defense benefit.
Coverage includes France and the francophone regions of Belgium, Canada, and Switzerland.
Coverage includes freight forwarding, e-commerce, software and research.
Coverage includes full text case law, legislation, journals and newspapers.
Coverage includes general interest, academic, business, health, and more.
Coverage includes general news, legal news and case law, and biographical information.
Coverage includes general reference, business, health and general science.
Coverage includes geology, geography, and earth sciences.
Coverage includes geophysics, astronomical, theoretical and applied physics subject areas.
Coverage includes golf rules, etiquette, and speed of play.
Coverage includes government administration and the legal system.
Coverage includes government code requirements for subpenas and witness fees for public employees.
Coverage includes Great Britain, North America and Europe.
Coverage includes health emergencies and trip cancellations.
Coverage includes health, dental and vision care.
Coverage includes historical as well as current information and analysis.
Coverage includes historical, literary, and current people.
Coverage includes hospitalization, referrals, and dispensed medication.
Coverage includes hospitalization, surgery, office visits, diagnostic tests, and maternity benefits.
Coverage includes hull coverage on specified owned aircraft and non-owned aircraft as well.
Coverage includes humanities, social sciences, science and technology.
Coverage includes important results and current trends.
Coverage includes incunabula to the present.
Coverage includes in-depth celebrity profiles, concert calendars and museum exhibits.
Coverage includes information on adjusting intermediate bench marks as well as a level net.
Coverage includes information on manufacturing, trade, marketing, sales and distribution.
Coverage includes information on migratory birds and endangered species.
Coverage includes information on records of human events.
Coverage includes information on the development and.
Coverage includes interest rates, stock indexes, metals, currencies, livestock, and grains.
Coverage includes international business, as well as general business subjects.
Coverage includes international, national, New York regional news and business.
Coverage includes introduction to word processing, spreadsheets and web page design.
Coverage includes introduction to word processing, spreadsheets, and web page design.
Coverage includes investigation on the Internet.
Coverage includes journal articles, books, essays, dissertations, proceedings and book reviews.
Coverage includes journal articles, conference papers, books, and research reports.
Coverage includes journal articles, series, monographs, dissertations, bibliographies, and more.
Coverage includes journal articles.
Coverage includes journals and national and local newspapers.
Coverage includes journals from both the United States and abroad.
Coverage includes journals in both English and foreign languages.
Coverage includes journals in the following subject areas.
Coverage includes journals, conference papers and proceedings.
Coverage includes journals, newspapers, books, and court cases.
Coverage includes Kansas, western Missouri, and limited areas of Oklahoma, Colorado and Arkansas.
Coverage includes language and literature Russia.
Coverage includes latest five years and current year.
Coverage includes law reviews, bar association journals, institutes and government publications.
Coverage includes law sociology, psychology, business, economics, and political science.
Coverage includes lecture, speaker, and student presentation material as well as textbook chapters.
Coverage includes lecture, textbook, and speaker presentation material.
Coverage includes liability to third parties for bodily injury and property damage.
Coverage includes libraries and library instruction.
Coverage includes life insurance, and accidental death and dismemberment.
Coverage includes listings of primary and secondary sources.
Coverage includes literature, philosophy, arts and the sciences.
Coverage includes local events, town news, sports events, social happenings and legal notices.
Coverage includes local, national and international news.
Coverage includes local-area networks, database, operating systems, the Internet, and the web.
Coverage includes losses caused by hurricane, theft, flood, fire, sinking, collision, etc.
Coverage includes major philosophical theories of morality and the place of ethics in business.
Coverage includes major sources and indexes to sources.
Coverage includes management, personnel, finance and marketing.
Coverage includes many aspects of soil science.
Coverage includes many drama and theatre journals.
Coverage includes many Native American publications.
Coverage includes marine aquatic organisms and the aquatic environment.
Coverage includes market demographics, geographic usage statistics, and trends by industry segment.
Coverage includes market share, import and exprot information, production, trends and forecasts.
Coverage includes materials from the entire spectrum of public and social policy issues.
Coverage includes materials in English and the European languages.
Coverage includes materials in English, Spanish, French, German and other languages.
Coverage includes materials in the humanities, social sciences and general science.
Coverage includes media, heads and recording systems.
Coverage includes medical expenses and lost wages.
Coverage includes medical expenses, disability income, dismemberment and death benefits.
Coverage includes medical with prescription drug and hospitalization, dental, and vision.
Coverage includes medical, dental, prescription and vision services.
Coverage includes medications available by prescription only.
Coverage includes microcomputers to mainframes.
Coverage includes modern forms of research, including computer databases and online searches.
Coverage includes molecular and cellular aspects of neuropathology as well as clinical material.
Coverage includes monoclonal antibodies, receptor binding, and radio immunoassays.
Coverage includes most Federal courts and many or all courts in about seven states.
Coverage includes most of the southern states.
Coverage includes most states and various U.S. territories. .
Coverage includes music, art, theatre, film, fashion sports, and science.
Coverage includes music, film, social issues, investigative reporting and books.
Coverage includes music-related disciplines, such as dance, linguistics, religion, and archaeology.
Coverage includes national, regional and some international statistics.
Coverage includes national, regional and some international topics.
Coverage includes neighborhood issues, high school sports, and classifieds.
Coverage includes neighboring counties and states.
Coverage includes network operations, data systems, and communication.
Coverage includes news and trends in maintenance, management, development and supplier business.
Coverage includes news, culture and history.
Coverage includes news, sports, features, classified ads, and yellow pages . . .
Coverage includes news, sports, features, classified ads, and yellow pages . .
Coverage includes non evaluative summaries of literature in psychology and related disciplines.
Coverage includes North Africa and the Middle East.
Coverage includes North America and the world.
Coverage includes North, South and Central America, Greenland, the West Indies and adjacent islands.
Coverage includes number of establishments, sales, payroll, and employment.
Coverage includes nursing home care, assisted living, and home care.
Coverage includes nursing, health, biomedical and consumer health.
Coverage includes on a broad basis, personal, corporate and partnership taxation.
Coverage includes only work-related injuries, diseases, and fatalities.
Coverage includes other disciplines in the humanities.
Coverage includes painting, sculpture, and drawing, as well as architecture and industrial design.
Coverage includes parenting, home schooling, education, science and art.
Coverage includes part of Summit County.
Coverage includes patient management, clinical diagnosis, basic medical science and drug regimens.
Coverage includes payment of medical costs, lost wages and pain and suffering.
Coverage includes people in politics, sports, entertainment, business, science, and crime.
Coverage includes periodicals in the physical, life, and health sciences.
Coverage includes periodicals, yearbooks, and museum bulletins.
Coverage includes periodicals, yearbooks, exhibitions, reviews, and reproductions of works of art.
Coverage includes physics and mathematics.
Coverage includes physiology, anatomy, and diversity.
Coverage includes pictures, bios, music downloads, gig guides, and much more.
Coverage includes plastic and reconstructive surgical procedures for auricular deformities.
Coverage includes political, diplomatic, economic, military, religious culture, etc.
Coverage includes politics, education, and technology.
Coverage includes pollution incidents resulting in personal injury or property damage.
Coverage includes popular and professional articles.
Coverage includes popular and professional journals pertaining to biology and agriculture.
Coverage includes popular as well as scholarly material.
Coverage includes popular science magazines as well as professional journals.
Coverage includes population, children, crime, social welfare programs, etc.
Coverage includes press conferences, product launches, parties, contests, celebrities, etc.
Coverage includes pretrial sample pleadings and forms.
Coverage includes preventive, basic, major and orthodontia benefits.
Coverage includes previous year.
Coverage includes print and online resources.
Coverage includes private investigation and the security service industry.
Coverage includes problems seen both in adults and in children.
Coverage includes protection against theft,fire,and wind.
Coverage includes public relations, journalism, advertising, film and television.
Coverage includes publications from popular science magazines to professional science journals.
Coverage includes racing, advocacy, industry trends, work bikes, touring, art, and technology.
Coverage includes radio stations, television stations, newspapers, local magazines, and much more.
Coverage includes ratings, analyses, and current and historical releases and commentaries.
Coverage includes reading, problems, lectures, lecture materials, and program assignments.
Coverage includes regular checkups, vaccinations, prescription drugs, emergency care and more.
Coverage includes repair or replacement of body sheet metal panels perforated by rust.
Coverage includes reprints of reviews with indexes to titles, personal names and companies.
Coverage includes reproductions of works of art, searchable by artists name, or title of work.
Coverage includes research documents and technical reports as well as journal articles.
Coverage includes retention, recruitment, employment, appraisal, training and compensation.
Coverage includes rip-offs, hazards, traps and navigating offers.
Coverage includes roster information, standings, schedules, game recaps, news, and plenty more.
Coverage includes routine physical exams and well-child care up to age seven.
Coverage includes sales of whole companies and pools of assets.
Coverage includes sales promotion, personal selling, advertising, merchandising, and publicity.
Coverage includes sales, apparent consumption, and trade.
Coverage includes scientific and technical reports, theses, and conference papers.
Coverage includes scientific, environmental and technological topics and issues.
Coverage includes scripting, components, integration, databases and more.
Coverage includes sedimentary rock units of the state and history of glaciation.
Coverage includes selected technical reports, conference papers, monographs, and journal articles.
Coverage includes semi-private.
Coverage includes shows in Arizona, California, Colorado, Nevada, New Mexico, and Utah.
Coverage includes social sciences, technology, medicine, science, and humanities.
Coverage includes social, economic, and international subjects.
Coverage includes social, economic, environmental, legal data, and much more.
Coverage includes social, economic, political and environmental issues.
Coverage includes social, economic, political, and environmental issues.
Coverage includes some court cases, laws, tests, etc.
Coverage includes Southern California, California statewide and nationwide service.
Coverage includes Spain and parts of Europe.
Coverage includes Spain, Portugal and Spanish and Portuguese speaking regions of the world.
Coverage includes Spanish, Portuguese, English, French, German and Italian language articles.
Coverage includes species, which occur in terrestrial, freshwater, estuarine, and marine habitats.
Coverage includes sports marketing, employment and management issues, professional sports.
Coverage includes sports, weather, arts, science and technology.
Coverage includes sprint cars, midgets, Indianapolis cars and supermodifieds.
Coverage includes statewide convictions, arrests and inmate records.
Coverage includes stocks, bonds, mutual funds, currencies and futures.
Coverage includes strategic business concepts and associated legal issues.
Coverage includes structured methods and programming tools.
Coverage includes such topics as measurement, tests of significance, and measures of association.
Coverage includes Superfund, brownfields, solid waste, underground storage tanks, and oil spills.
Coverage includes surgery on the other breast to achieve symmetry.
Coverage includes surgery, surgical pathophysiology, drug usage, and new surgical techniques.
Coverage includes systematic approaches to diagnosis of neurologic disorders.
Coverage includes taxation law, business, accounting, economics and finance.
Coverage includes taxonomy, molecular biology, control, genetics, and physiology.
Coverage includes technical reports, conference papers, monographs, journal articles.
Coverage includes technical schools, junior and community colleges.
Coverage includes technology, law, policy, and more.
Coverage includes television, radio.
Coverage includes the anatomy and physiology of plants, invertebrates and vertebrates including man.
Coverage includes the areas of manufacturing, quality control, and engineering management.
Coverage includes the arts, issues, news, entertainment, people, places, and events.
Coverage includes the basic language, declaration statements, types, and procedures.
Coverage includes the beginning of the new series, starting with vol.
Coverage includes the contents of older issues of periodicals in the humanities and social sciences.
Coverage includes the court system, constitutional law, torts, contracts, employment law, etc.
Coverage includes the current six years.
Coverage includes the current white page listings as compiled from U.S. directories.
Coverage includes the current year and the preceding five years.
Coverage includes the current year plus the previous five years.
Coverage includes the current year plus the three preceding years.
Coverage includes the current year plus three previous years.
Coverage includes the current year plus two back years.
Coverage includes the current year to date and the previous three years.
Coverage includes the current year to date plus the four previous years, and it is updated daily.
Coverage includes the current year, plus the previous two years.
Coverage includes the different types of files and sources available.
Coverage includes the employee and dependents as applicable.
Coverage includes the entire ceremony and reception.
Coverage includes the entire night sky, from pole to pole .
Coverage includes the failure to perform risk insurance.
Coverage includes the history of mathematics articles.
Coverage includes the history of the discoveries that have uncovered the linkage.
Coverage includes the history, geography, legal system, infrastructure and products available.
Coverage includes the last three years, plus the current year.
Coverage includes the major actors, characters, events, and show's executives.
Coverage includes the major illnesses suffered by older pets.
Coverage includes the medieval through modern periods, with select access to contemporary writers.
Coverage includes the most common accidents and prevalent illnesses suffered by indoor cats.
Coverage includes the most common and prevalent illnesses to indoor cats.
Coverage includes the most popular as well as less known martial arts.
Coverage includes the present year and the previous three years .
Coverage includes the present year and the two preceding years.
Coverage includes the presentation of relevant clinical studies.
Coverage includes the professional standards, audit sampling, and the audit profession.
Coverage includes the relevant theoretical foundations, institutions, and policy alternatives.
Coverage includes the right to free speech, peaceable assembly and freedom of association.
Coverage includes the sale of whole institutions, branches, loan portfolios, and more.
Coverage includes the sciences, business, education, engineering, law and psychology.
Coverage includes the social sciences, humanities, and multi-cultural studies.
Coverage includes the study of plants, animals, and microorganisms.
Coverage includes the Sudan.
Coverage includes the teaching of modern languages.
Coverage includes the United States and Canada only.
Coverage includes the use of bar codes, vouchers and archives in electronic record keeping.
Coverage includes theory and practice, areas of service, social issues,and social problems .
Coverage includes theory and practice, areas of service, social issues,and social problems.
Coverage includes thousands of social science, science and humanities titles.
Coverage includes three cleanings per year.
Coverage includes ticketing and most gate areas.
Coverage includes tidal cycles, Spartina, glasswort, and insects.
Coverage includes topics of measurement and revenue recognition.
Coverage includes traditional cultural uses to modern day addictions.
Coverage includes travel to and from the event.
Coverage includes types of offences, court proceedings, sentencing etc.
Coverage includes U.S. and foreign films.
Coverage includes U.S. and foreign futures and options, foreign exchange, U.S. government bonds.
Coverage includes UFOs, famous personalities, Marian apparitions and more.
Coverage includes UK, Canada, Italy, Greece, Serbia, Croatia, and Mexico.
Coverage includes university centers, other nonprofit centers, and government sponsored centers.
Coverage includes unlimited blood for employee, spouse and dependents.
Coverage includes use of business entities and trusts in the tax planning process.
Coverage includes various aspects of pollution and environmental degradation.
Coverage includes various levels of track and field competition from high school through Olympics.
Coverage includes various related construction products and services.
Coverage includes virtually all aspects of the biological sciences.
Coverage includes vision, dental, and counseling as well as doctor visits.
Coverage includes Washington, DC, Northern Virginia, and parts of Maryland.
Coverage includes water characteristics, landscape, fish and wildlife, and cultural information.
Coverage includes well baby care for newborns.
Coverage includes wills, powers of attorney, living wills, trusts, and other legal services.
Coverage includes worldwide forecasts and market share informati on.
Coverage includes yearbooks and government publications.
Coverage includes Zambia.
Coverage includes, among other subjects, the social and behavioral sciences.
Coverage includes, colored, gold iridescent, blue iridescent, and opalescent forms.
Coverage increases annually in regular increments to the full face amount by the fourth year.
Coverage insures against loss of money, securities, and property other than money and securities.
Coverage involves all state and local governments in the United States.
Coverage is a co-payment schedule for reduced service rates and is provided at time of rental.
Coverage is a critical issue with fungicides.
Coverage is a measure of the ability to service debt.
Coverage is a tool.
Coverage is above and beyond any coverage carried by sponsors and other sources.
Coverage is academic rather than general.
Coverage is accurate but cursory.
Coverage is added for pap smears.
Coverage is added for routine mammography.
Coverage is added to both the general liability and automobile policies.
Coverage is affected by proximity to network transmitters and local geography.
Coverage is affordable for the employer and the employee.
Coverage is after the initial six-month waiting period.
Coverage is aimed at both patients and professionals.
Coverage is aimed at readers with no previous computer or digital experience.
Coverage is all geographic areas and time periods.
Coverage is all Ireland.
Coverage is all of Minnesota, western Wisconsin and northern Iowa.
Coverage is all of Minnesota, Western Wisconsin and Northern Iowa.
Coverage is all time periods and all over the world.
Coverage is all times periods.
Coverage is almost automatic when the clinical fees are approved.
Coverage is almost complete with the exception of a few document series and restricted documents.
Coverage is also an important concept.
Coverage is also an important consideration.
Coverage is also an important issue in urban areas.
Coverage is also available for a spouse and children.
Coverage is also available for all of an insured's products or specific product lines.
Coverage is also available for businesses and buildings under construction.
Coverage is also available for dependents.
Coverage is also available for eligible dependents.
Coverage is also available for family members.
Coverage is also available for loss of rental value.
Coverage is also available for pregnant women.
Coverage is also available for prior acts.
Coverage is also available for renters and landlords.
Coverage is also available for services provided in physicians' offices or to hospital outpatients.
Coverage is also available for spouse and children.
Coverage is also available for spouses and children.
Coverage is also available for spouses and dependents of eligible students.
Coverage is also available for spouses, children and empoyees.
Coverage is also available for teachers and school administrators.
Coverage is also available for the employee's dependents at additional cost.
Coverage is also available for the vast array of services offered by real estate firms.
Coverage is also available for worker's compensation, commercial auto and umbrella liability.
Coverage is also available on a growing number of fruits, nuts, and vegetable crops.
Coverage is also available on a surplus lines basis.
Coverage is also available to spouses and employees of members.
Coverage is also extended to minor league hockey teams.
Coverage is also increasingly available in areas where the fixed telephone infrastructures are poor.
Coverage is also optional for real estate licensees.
Coverage is also spotty in some regions.
Coverage is an agreed value policy based on the existence of the selected weather peril.
Coverage is an amount
Coverage is an important ingredient.
Coverage is another consideration.
Coverage is another important factor to consider.
Coverage is another mutual weakness.
Coverage is another.
Coverage is applicable for injuries sustained while participating in sanctioned club activities.
Coverage is applicable to all sports.
Coverage is applicable.
Coverage is applied to all or selected maturities of a given loan.
Coverage is approx.
Coverage is approximately the last three years to present.
Coverage is architectural.
Coverage is as complete as possible.
Coverage is as of the date of publication.
Coverage is at no cost to employees.
Coverage is at replacement cost.
Coverage is at the introductory level with a focus on textbook material and current issues.
Coverage is Australian unless noted otherwise.
Coverage is authoritative and comprehensive.
Coverage is automatic and eligibility begins immediately.
Coverage is automatic and immediate.
Coverage is automatic and no action is needed to sign up.
Coverage is automatic and no premiums are charged to departments.
Coverage is automatic and provided at no cost to employees.
Coverage is automatic and provided at no cost to the employee.
Coverage is automatic for fine arts exhibits in campus buildings.
Coverage is automatic for losses incurred incident to military service.
Coverage is automatic upon completion of the required period of service.
Coverage is automatic with each membership.
Coverage is automatic, and no application is required.
Coverage is automatic, with no reporting requirements.
Coverage is automatic.
Coverage is available across most of the country.
Coverage is available after one month of employment for benefit eligible employees.
Coverage is available after six months of employment.
Coverage is available all over the country.
Coverage is available for a minimum of two weeks, or can be renewed up to three years.
Coverage is available for all qualified systems at any time during that period.
Coverage is available for annual one-year terms.
Coverage is available for both employees and their dependents.
Coverage is available for cash inside or outside the premises.
Coverage is available for condominium owners.
Coverage is available for dealers.
Coverage is available for dependents who meet age and other guidelines.
Coverage is available for dependents with premiums paid by payroll deduction.
Coverage is available for dependents, including domestic partners.
Coverage is available for different periods of time, and for different levels of income replacement.
Coverage is available for disabled veterans.
Coverage is available for employees and dependents.
Coverage is available for employees and their dependents.
Coverage is available for individual churches or entire associations.
Coverage is available for individual properties, or on a portfolio basis.
Coverage is available for large or small projects.
Coverage is available for lawsuits alleging fraud, discrimination, personal injury and more.
Coverage is available for lawsuits alleging frauds, discrimination, personal injury and more.
Coverage is available for Limited Hosted Tournament Liability.
Coverage is available for loss of income and extra expense, or loss of income without extra expense.
Coverage is available for personal injury claims resulting from professional services.
Coverage is available for secondary drivers provided they are listed on the rental agreement.
Coverage is available for selected project areas in the conterminous United States and Alaska.
Coverage is available for single students, for husbands and wives, and for families.
Coverage is available for small individual operators or commercial equine operations.
Coverage is available for small law and accounting firms through appointed intermediaries.
Coverage is available for spouse and children.
Coverage is available for spouse and dependents at three option levels.
Coverage is available for spouses and children.
Coverage is available for spouses and parents, subject to underwriting and health questions.
Coverage is available for the employee only or employees and their eligible dependents.
Coverage is available for the employee, spouse and children.
Coverage is available for the employee, spouse and dependent children.
Coverage is available for the entire family.
Coverage is available for the guard member and family members.
Coverage is available for the member only.
Coverage is available for the statutory periods at the employee's expense.
Coverage is available for two visits per calendar year.
Coverage is available for worldwide emergency and urgent care services.
Coverage is available from government, employer group policies and private insurance companies.
Coverage is available immediately upon employment.
Coverage is available immediately.
Coverage is available in all cities and most regional areas.
Coverage is available in all states except New Hampshire, New Mexico, Oklahoma, and North Dakota.
Coverage is available in all states.
Coverage is available in main towns.
Coverage is available in most major metropolitan areas in the country.
Coverage is available in most urban areas.
Coverage is available in varying amounts.
Coverage is available on a claims-made or occurrence basis.
Coverage is available on almost any new or used vehicle, providing unparalleled peace of mind.
Coverage is available on an occurrence or claims made basis.
Coverage is available on most continental land masses.
Coverage is available only in a package containing medical and liability insurance.
Coverage is available only in participating communities.
Coverage is available only under certain circumstances.
Coverage is available overnight.
Coverage is available through a network of specialized insurance agents.
Coverage is available through several admitted carriers in California.
Coverage is available through several Indiana-based carriers.
Coverage is available to both active and retired employees and their eligible dependents.
Coverage is available to both spouse and dependent children.
Coverage is available to dependents at a flat amount.
Coverage is available to eligible firms of all sizes from sole practitioners to large law firms.
Coverage is available to eligible part-time employees.
Coverage is available to employer groups of all sizes, associations, families and individuals.
Coverage is available to insure farm personal property and farm structures.
Coverage is available to insure the employee, the employee plus one dependent, or family.
Coverage is available to protect an employee from a claim by a fellow employee.
Coverage is available to the atrium, patio, and breezeway.
Coverage is available to U.S. residents only.
Coverage is available worldwide.
Coverage is backed by the State of Illinois.
Coverage is based on account ownership.
Coverage is based on annual salary.
Coverage is based on employee salary levels and approximates twice the salary.
Coverage is based on full-time employment unless otherwise noted.
Coverage is based on how one wishes to diagnose and correct subluxations.
Coverage is based on medical necessity.
Coverage is based on member eligibility and benefits.
Coverage is based on replacement cost.
Coverage is based on the average number of calls for service, according to times.
Coverage is based on the terms and conditions of the insured's certificate.
Coverage is best for Britain, France, Germany, and nearby countries.
Coverage is best for English-language publications.
Coverage is best for Great Britain.
Coverage is best for North American trees.
Coverage is best for the United States, since that is where the most geocoded data is available.
Coverage is best in higher-cost, suburban units.
Coverage is better for American than foreign made films.
Coverage is better for flood plains and snow-melt flooding than for torrential floods.
Coverage is borough wide, with a concentration on the north-east section of the Bronx.
Coverage is borough wide.
Coverage is both historical and international in scope.
Coverage is both multidisciplinary and international.
Coverage is both retrospective and current.
Coverage is both thorough and extensive.
Coverage is both U.S. and international.
Coverage is broad and comprehensive.
Coverage is broad and includes topics for general, professional, and academic audiences.
Coverage is broad in terms of the issues it links to and some of detail contained within it.
Coverage is broad with everything from money and finance to diet and nutrition advice.
Coverage is broad, and is identical for grad students, undergrads, and dependents.
Coverage is broad, including theater, film, television, dance, music, puppetry and magic.
Coverage is broad.
Coverage is broader for cancer patients than for other patients.
Coverage is by bonding, structure, and reaction type.
Coverage is by both product and location.
Coverage is by country comprehensive.
Coverage is ca.
Coverage is calculated using a cohort-type method.
Coverage is canceled upon termination.
Coverage is carried by each truck for both cargo and liability insurance.
Coverage is centred on urban areas.
Coverage is certain and immediate.
Coverage is clear and easy to follow.
Coverage is company paid.
Coverage is complete and includes book reviews.
Coverage is complete.
Coverage is comprehensive and is provided in both English and Spanish .
Coverage is comprehensive and search results are accurate.
Coverage is comprehensive for both business and technical aspects of the construction industry.
Coverage is comprehensive, with entries listed under author and subject.
Coverage is comprehensive.
Coverage is compulsory for companies employing then a handful of people.
Coverage is compulsory.
Coverage is concentrated in a given geographic area.
Coverage is considered worldwide.
Coverage is consistent and continues to build.
Coverage is continued while the equipment is in use or storage at the off campus location.
Coverage is continuous and no employee action is required.
Coverage is convertible and renewable.
Coverage is coordinated through a network of regional organisers.
Coverage is critical since the product works by smothering the powdery mildew mycelia and spores.
Coverage is critical to achieve acceptable control.
Coverage is current and retrospective for most colleges.
Coverage is current and varies by publication.
Coverage is current for all files.
Coverage is current to date plus previous three years.
Coverage is current year plus the most recent three years.
Coverage is current, going back only a few years.
Coverage is current, updated weekly.
Coverage is current.
Coverage is currently available for up to one year.
Coverage is Currently available only through employer groups.
Coverage is daily in the fall.
Coverage is daily, and article abstracts make it easy to browse.
Coverage is defined as the ratio of total bids at auction to the amount auctioned.
Coverage is dense and uniform.
Coverage is dependant upon size of outbreak.
Coverage is dependent on licence.
Coverage is dependent on the terms of the service provider's licence.
Coverage is dependent upon the moisture content of the soil.
Coverage is described and supported by many of the leading law firms in the country.
Coverage is designed to guarantee a minimum recovery equal to that amount.
Coverage is designed to meet specific needs, on a transactional, product, or blanket basis.
Coverage is determined based on the reason why the diagnostic test was performed.
Coverage is determined by the ease of absorption into the fiber of the fabric.
Coverage is determined by the transmitters the pager is programmed for.
Coverage is difficult on underleaf surface.
Coverage is directed toward the reporting of financial information to interested parties.
Coverage is divided equally among joint account holders.
Coverage is divided equally among owners of joint accounts.
Coverage is divided into two components.
Coverage is done by remote call forwarding.
Coverage is done by the fans, for the fans.
Coverage is double employee s annual salary rounded to highest thousand.
Coverage is eclectic.
Coverage is effective after a one year eligibility period.
Coverage is effective after four weeks of service.
Coverage is effective after six months of service.
Coverage is effective as of the date of hire.
Coverage is effective as of the effective date shown on the issued certificate.
Coverage is effective as of the first day of employment.
Coverage is effective as soon as the school receives the completed form.
Coverage is effective date of hire.
Coverage is effective first of the month following date of hire.
Coverage is effective first of the month following the date of hire.
Coverage is effective immediately upon employment.
Coverage is effective immediately upon the date of hire.
Coverage is effective immediately, as long as the premium is presented at or prior to loan closing.
Coverage is effective on date of employment.
Coverage is effective on date of hire.
Coverage is effective on the date of appointment.
Coverage is effective on the date of birth.
Coverage is effective on the date of hire.
Coverage is effective on the first day of employment through the end of the last day of employment.
Coverage is effective on the first day of employment.
Coverage is effective on the first day of the month following the date of hire.
Coverage is effective on the first day of the month following the employee's date of hire.
Coverage is effective on the first of the month following date of hire.
Coverage is effective six months following the employee's date of hire.
Coverage is effective the date of enrollment.
Coverage is effective the first day of employment with no waiting period for first year lawyers.
Coverage is effective the first day of employment.
Coverage is effective the first day of the month after hire.
Coverage is effective the first day of the month following one year of employment.
Coverage is effective the first day of the month in which the coverage is to begin.
Coverage is effective the first month following employment.
Coverage is effective the first of any month, subject to insurance company approval.
Coverage is effective the first of the following month.
Coverage is effective the first of the month following date of application.
Coverage is effective the first of the month following date of hire.
Coverage is effective the first of the month following employment.
Coverage is effective the first of the month following hire date.
Coverage is effective the first of the month following the employee's date of employment.
Coverage is effective the first of the month following the employee's date of hire.
Coverage is effective the first of the month following the start date.
Coverage is effective the first of the month following three full months of employment.
Coverage is effective the month after service members complete enrollment.
Coverage is effective upon date of employment, and ceases at termination of regular employment.
Coverage is effective upon employment.
Coverage is ended when the former employee's workers' compensation indemnity payments cease.
Coverage is enhanced with color illustrations from past and contemporary potters.
Coverage is equivalent to one and one-half times the annual salary.
Coverage is erratic and changes from year to year.
Coverage is especially good for birds.
Coverage is especially strong on topics relating to religion, archaeology and topography.
Coverage is essentially continuous over most developed countries.
Coverage is even and translucent.
Coverage is even available where the insured already knows about infringement.
Coverage is everything.
Coverage is excellent in both rural and urban environments.
Coverage is excellent in most major cities in P ennsylvania and nationwide.
Coverage is excellent, and rates are capped and heavily subsidized.
Coverage is excellent, spreading across most major metropolitan areas.
Coverage is excess and is subject to limitations and exclusions.
Coverage is excess if there is other valid insurance in force.
Coverage is excess of any other valid and collectible insurance available to the insured person.
Coverage is excess to other collectible insurance.
Coverage is excess to other insurance available to the participant or staff member.
Coverage is excluded from the basic policy.
Coverage is expressed in per day and total amounts of coverage.
Coverage is extended for domestic partners and for eligible children of domestic partners.
Coverage is extended to protect the city's law enforcement functions.
Coverage is extended to the domestic partners of unmarried employees.
Coverage is extended while the equipment is anywhere within the United States or Canada.
Coverage is extended worldwide.
Coverage is extensive and organized by continental region.
Coverage is extensive and retrieval of information is facilitated with an excellent index.
Coverage is extensive in all areas, and especially in-depth in the business and legal areas.
Coverage is extensive with portals to every aspect of French culture, language and history.
Coverage is extensive, but necessarily superficial.
Coverage is extent.
Coverage is extremely critical.
Coverage is extremely important.
Coverage is fairly broad and is organized to crosscut many aspects of the field.
Coverage is flexible and easy to adapt to a wide variety of possible exposures.
Coverage is focused on American publications.
Coverage is focused on computer science.
Coverage is focused on essential material.
Coverage is focused on server topics.
Coverage is for current two years.
Coverage is for current year only.
Coverage is for employees only.
Coverage is for five years plus the current year, with daily updates.
Coverage is for lawsuits by employees for alleged wrongful acts in management or notification.
Coverage is for medical care both in and out of hospital, dental care, drugs, and long-term care.
Coverage is for medically necessary, usual, reasonable and customary charges only.
Coverage is for on and off the job accidents.
Coverage is for one year or one replacement appliance.
Coverage is for political and physical regions to special places like national parks.
Coverage is for rentals when the primary use has been for business purposes only.
Coverage is for reproductions, costs of records and related types of expenses.
Coverage is for the contiguous United States and Hawaii.
Coverage is for the current year and five previous years.
Coverage is for the current year and one year preceding.
Coverage is for the current year and the preceding five years.
Coverage is for the current year and the previous five years.
Coverage is for the current year plus the five previous years.
Coverage is for the employee and all dependents.
Coverage is for the entire United States.
Coverage is for the last four years plus the current year, with daily updating.
Coverage is for the last twenty years.
Coverage is for the latest five years.
Coverage is for the latest three years and it is updated monthly.
Coverage is for the most recent five years.
Coverage is for the United States including U.S. territories and possessions.
Coverage is for the United States only.
Coverage is for the United States.
Coverage is for three years plus the current year.
Coverage is for U.S., Canada, and Mexico.
Coverage is four years plus the current year.
Coverage is free for full-time employees.
Coverage is free for the state employee.
Coverage is free.
Coverage is from acoustics and aeronautics to surgery and zoology.
Coverage is from Americas to Americas.
Coverage is from home, with the resident coming into the unit for emergencies.
Coverage is from kindergarten to graduate school.
Coverage is from medieval Germany to the present.
Coverage is from Napa to Monterey.
Coverage is from prehistory to the present and includes the United States and Canada.
Coverage is from prehistory to the present day.
Coverage is from the earliest films to contemporary films.
Coverage is from the federal level on down to the local level in some cases.
Coverage is from the initial publication of the journal to three or five years ago.
Coverage is from the late seventies to the present.
Coverage is from the Middle Ages to the present day.
Coverage is from vol.
Coverage is from weld zone to weld zone.
Coverage is fully portable.
Coverage is general, but provides a thorough overview of the most important environmental concerns.
Coverage is general, with strengths in business and social sciences.
Coverage is generally effective at the time of hire.
Coverage is generally for the last five years and the index is updated daily.
Coverage is generally from the beginning of the journal's existence.
Coverage is generally good within metropolitan areas, including all major U.S. airports.
Coverage is generally limited to scholarly research journals.
Coverage is generally quite thorough, especially in cultural, political, and arts-related fields.
Coverage is given equally to both urban and rural situations.
Coverage is given to all fields of anthropology and to area studies.
Coverage is given to both task group and clinical group theories and applications.
Coverage is given to state death and inheritance taxes.
Coverage is given to the internationally important pebblebed heathland areas in East Devon, England.
Coverage is global and there are numerous references to Armillaria spp.
Coverage is global with many resources for Latin America.
Coverage is global, though primarily western.
Coverage is global.
Coverage is good anywhere in the world.
Coverage is good around the main cities.
Coverage is good around the major towns on the mainland and on many islands.
Coverage is good in all areas of the humanities and social sciences.
Coverage is good throughout the country.
Coverage is good, though, again, there are gaps.
Coverage is good.
Coverage is great - includes happenings in school and out of school.
Coverage is great and included dental care.
Coverage is guaranteed and no medical exam is required.
Coverage is guaranteed and no medical questions are asked.
Coverage is guaranteed renewable for life.
Coverage is guaranteed, no medical exam is required.
Coverage is ham-band only.
Coverage is harder to get and choices are diminishing.
Coverage is heavily concentrated in southeast and west central Florida.
Coverage is held by major carriers.
Coverage is high in drug information, psychiatry, and obstetrics.
Coverage is historical in nature and includes state voting district maps.
Coverage is identical to the expanded edition of the CD-ROM version.
Coverage is immediate upon employment.
Coverage is immediate upon signing the application.
Coverage is important but overblown.
Coverage is important to reach the mites in the leaf undersides.
Coverage is impressive, as many older cases are included.
Coverage is in effect for the statute of limitations.
Coverage is in excess of any other valid and collectible insurance.
Coverage is in excess of other collectible insurance.
Coverage is in excess of other insurance and subject to the terms and conditions of the policy.
Coverage is in the incorporated area of the towns listed.
Coverage is included for costs to research and restore valuable papers.
Coverage is included for medical bills and lost wages.
Coverage is included for overnight camping events in addition to day tours or events.
Coverage is included in membership, along with a full package of benefits .
Coverage is included in Section II of the homeowners policy.
Coverage is incomplete, and use of aerial photos is restricted to in-house use.
Coverage is incomplete, particularly where collection is at the discretion of police.
Coverage is incomplete.
Coverage is independent of work, health, age or income.
Coverage is intended to identify areas of Illinois where major bedrock aquifers exist.
Coverage is interdisciplinary and very comprehensive.
Coverage is interdisciplinary.
Coverage is international and a calendar of events is provided.
Coverage is international and a significant number of articles are available full text.
Coverage is international and articles are in many languages.
Coverage is international and comprehensive.
Coverage is international and covers the past ten years.
Coverage is international and emphasizes the scholarly literature in music.
Coverage is international and includes articles in languages other than English.
Coverage is international and includes both scholarly journals and popular media.
Coverage is international and interdisciplinary.
Coverage is international and journals of substance in many languages are included.
Coverage is international and multilingual.
Coverage is international and short abstracts are provided.
Coverage is international but contains primarily English language items.
Coverage is international in scope and from antiquity to the present.
Coverage is international in scope including all fields of sciences and technology.
Coverage is international in scope, with emphasis on American Canadian and British publications.
Coverage is international in scope, with emphasis on American publications.
Coverage is international in scope.
Coverage is international with an emphasis on United States publications.
Coverage is international with emphasis on American titles.
Coverage is international, although emphasis leans toward British sources.
Coverage is international, although most of the studies come from North America.
Coverage is international, and most major types of library are included.
Coverage is international, but all abstracts are in English.
Coverage is international, but includes many American women involved in politics.
Coverage is international, but limited to English language publications.
Coverage is international, but the major emphasis is on the United States.
Coverage is international, including material in languages other than English.
Coverage is international, with an emphasis on American titles.
Coverage is international.
Coverage is invited.
Coverage is issued according to plan specifications and rates in effect at time of enrollment.
Coverage is issued on a guaranteed issue basis.
Coverage is issued under one contract regardless of the amount insured.
Coverage is kept current with a companion web site.
Coverage is king.
Coverage is less standardized for professionals than is coverage for auto or homeowners liability.
Coverage is likely to be limited.
Coverage is likely to be very uneven.
Coverage is limited and roaming is questionable .
Coverage is limited for nonemployees on travel status for university business.
Coverage is limited only by imagination.
Coverage is limited to a few urban areas.
Coverage is limited to a period of no more than two consecutive weeks from the date of the action.
Coverage is limited to accidental injury to sound, natural teeth.
Coverage is limited to areas with participating transmitters.
Coverage is limited to around Caracas.
Coverage is limited to articles of clothing, eyeglasses, hearing aids, watches and dentures.
Coverage is limited to certain areas around Tashkent.
Coverage is limited to designated premises or project.
Coverage is limited to device replacement only.
Coverage is limited to exhibit property only.
Coverage is limited to main cities.
Coverage is limited to main towns and coastal areas.
Coverage is limited to main towns.
Coverage is limited to main urban areas.
Coverage is limited to major towns.
Coverage is limited to Manila and other main urban areas.
Coverage is limited to occasional escorted visits for small groups of handpicked journalists.
Coverage is limited to one sealant per tooth during the lifetime of the participant.
Coverage is limited to one three-month course of pharmacotherapy per contract year.
Coverage is limited to Paramaribo.
Coverage is limited to plays appearing in periodicals and journals.
Coverage is limited to provisions as outlined in the master insurance policy.
Coverage is limited to specific parts and components.
Coverage is limited to ten treatments per patient per calendar year.
Coverage is limited to that outlined in the policy.
Coverage is limited to the area around Lusaka.
Coverage is limited to the current year and the previous year.
Coverage is limited to the current year and two previous years.
Coverage is limited to the government-controlled area.
Coverage is limited to the main inhabited areas.
Coverage is limited to the main towns.
Coverage is limited to the month in which the medical emergency occurred.
Coverage is limited to the seat lift mechanism, even if it is incorporated into a chair.
Coverage is limited to the United Kingdom.
Coverage is limited to the vehicle purchased and registered with the program.
Coverage is limited to Yerevan and the west of the country.
Coverage is limited.
Coverage is local, national and global.
Coverage is made up almost entirely of periodical literature, though some books are covered.
Coverage is mainly available in the cities in the west of Morocco.
Coverage is mainly from mid-twentieth century to present.
Coverage is mainly of the west of the country.
Coverage is mainly United States.
Coverage is managerial.
Coverage is mandatory during the entire enrollment period.
Coverage is mandatory for all eligible Unclassified employees.
Coverage is mandatory.
Coverage is minimal in rural areas.
Coverage is monthly with annual cumulations.
Coverage is more predictable under the new program.
Coverage is more universal to fit.
Coverage is most extensive for the United States and Europe.
Coverage is mostly for our local terrain.
Coverage is much more broad and prices are more stable than what is available commercially.
Coverage is much more expensive and rates vary from city to city.
Coverage is multidisciplinary and international.
Coverage is multidisciplinary.
Coverage is nationwide, with emphasis on coastal marshes.
Coverage is nationwide.
Coverage is Nationwide.
Coverage is nearly complete for Namibia.
Coverage is nearly worldwide.
Coverage is needed for older dissertations and beyond North American universities.
Coverage is neither uniform nor complete.
Coverage is news.
Coverage is no less extensive than the coverage provided for any other physical illness.
Coverage is non-cancellable and premiums are guaranteed.
Coverage is now available to same-sex domestic partners.
Coverage is now inexcusably bad.
Coverage is now international.
Coverage is obtained through insurance agents.
Coverage is obtained through the employer's insurance company.
Coverage is occasional in the fall.
Coverage is of active work force by industry, by sex, and by occupation.
Coverage is of business and management topics.
Coverage is of information concerning all the world save Europe and the United States.
Coverage is of the City of Las Vegas.
Coverage is of the complete social sciences from anthropology to urban planning and development.
Coverage is of the current eight weeks.
Coverage is of the Las Vegas Valley.
Coverage is of the past two weeks only.
Coverage is of the Redevelopment Area.
Coverage is of the utmost importance.
Coverage is offered at group rates through convenient payroll deduction.
Coverage is offered both on and off-premises and includes theft.
Coverage is offered in primary policies, excess of primary and excess of self-insured retentions.
Coverage is offered on a first-dollar basis with optional deductibles.
Coverage is offered to all employees, dependents, spouses, parents and parents of the spouse.
Coverage is offered to eligible members on an optional basis.
Coverage is on a claims made basis.
Coverage is on a claims-made basis.
Coverage is on a one-year, occurrence policy.
Coverage is on an actual cash value basis.
Coverage is on an occurrence form with no deductible.
Coverage is on different aspects of Lake Baikal.
Coverage is on illegal drugs and their use and abuse, and especially drug policy and drug history.
Coverage is On or Off the job.
Coverage is one of the most important concepts involved with health insurance.
Coverage is only a few cents a day.
Coverage is only available through payroll deduction.
Coverage is only available when the individual obtains services from a plan provider.
Coverage is only one problem faced by organizations.
Coverage is only valid inside Korea.
Coverage is optional at the time of employment.
Coverage is optional for citizens working for a foreign affiliate of an American employer.
Coverage is optional.
Coverage is paid for in advance, monthly or quarterly.
Coverage is paid one calendar month in advance.
Coverage is particularly sparse over the near-equatorial regions of the east and central Pacific.
Coverage is particularly strong in terms of law, economics and philosophy.
Coverage is particulary strong in the humanities and social sciences.
Coverage is permanent when premiums are paid on time.
Coverage is poor in some areas.
Coverage is popular and scientific.
Coverage is portable.
Coverage is predominantly in the humanities and social sciences.
Coverage is predominately American, with a wide scope of topics from professional to popular.
Coverage is previous three years plus the current year.
Coverage is primarily at the federal and provincial levels.
Coverage is primarily descriptive with the laboratory an important component.
Coverage is primarily for U.S. universities.
Coverage is primarily income and employment taxes.
Coverage is primarily New England and the thirteen original colonies.
Coverage is primarily of Western traditions, with brief overviews of several non-Western areas.
Coverage is primarily popular journals but some scholarly ones are included.
Coverage is primary over other coverage.
Coverage is prospective for employes who reinstate.
Coverage is provided against loss through forgery or alteration of checks drawn by insured.
Coverage is provided against the same causes of loss covered under the insured's property policy.
Coverage is provided at little cost.
Coverage is provided at no cost to eligible employees.
Coverage is provided at no cost to eligible graduate students.
Coverage is provided by an insurance agency.
Coverage is provided by faculty and other classes.
Coverage is provided by full-time faculty.
Coverage is provided first from the company assets.
Coverage is provided for a limited period of time, generally twelve months.
Coverage is provided for a wide variety of classes and includes many coverage enhancements.
Coverage is provided for accidental breakage, mysterious disappearance and theft.
Coverage is provided for all autos owned by the named insured.
Coverage is provided for all countries of the Western hemisphere plus Australia and New Zealand.
Coverage is provided for all employees and their dependents at no cost to the employee.
Coverage is provided for all employees, and is optional for their spouses, children and dependants.
Coverage is provided for all employees.
Coverage is provided for all home varsity football, volleyball, basketball, and soccer events.
Coverage is provided for all three support level issues.
Coverage is provided for an accident to covered equipment subject to the terms of the endorsement.
Coverage is provided for any amateur activity in the sport insured.
Coverage is provided for bodily injury and property damage liability.
Coverage is provided for bodily injury and property damage.
Coverage is provided for both, insulin treated and non-insulin treated diabetics.
Coverage is provided for bow mounted trolling motors and aft poling platforms.
Coverage is provided for bow mounted trolling motors and side consoles with windscreens.
Coverage is provided for bow mounted trolling motors.
Coverage is provided for 'claims made' during the policy period.
Coverage is provided for cleanup cost at, adjacent to or emanating from the defined site location.
Coverage is provided for contraceptive devices and oral fertility drugs.
Coverage is provided for customers equipment in the care, custody, or control of the named insured.
Coverage is provided for damage to the building itself.
Coverage is provided for dishonest acts of employees of the named insured only.
Coverage is provided for extra advertising costs that result from a loss.
Coverage is provided for hired and non-owned auto.
Coverage is provided for home care and nursing home confinements.
Coverage is provided for medical bills and a percentage of lost wages for the employee.
Coverage is provided for missionaries who return to the U.S. on furlough.
Coverage is provided for most states.
Coverage is provided for participants, volunteers and staff.
Coverage is provided for registered members.
Coverage is provided for replacement of buildings only.
Coverage is provided for sag vehicles and baggage transport vehicles.
Coverage is provided for the actual event days and includes a day for set up and take down.
Coverage is provided for the additional expense of renegotiating the leases.
Coverage is provided for the entire hospital as well as outpatients.
Coverage is provided for the last three years.
Coverage is provided for the loss of money, securities and other property.
Coverage is provided for the named insured and members of the insured's household who are relatives.
Coverage is provided for trips outside the province throughout the year.
Coverage is provided for trolling motors and depth finders.
Coverage is provided if one is on official leave due to being granted a sabbatical.
Coverage is provided in Illinois only.
Coverage is provided of international, comparative and foreign law in all languages except Arabic.
Coverage is provided on a claims made basis.
Coverage is provided on a claims-made basis.
Coverage is provided on a named perils basis and is separated into four categories.
Coverage is provided on a non-auditable basis.
Coverage is provided on a rotating schedule by all ophthalmologists in our community.
Coverage is provided on a secondary basis.
Coverage is provided on a worldwide basis for the entire family.
Coverage is provided on an occurrence basis.
Coverage is provided only for accidents arising from the model activities.
Coverage is provided through a mix of self-insurance and protection from the commercial market.
Coverage is provided through commercially licensed insurers.
Coverage is provided through the student activity fee that is charged each quarter.
Coverage is provided to all members at no cost .
Coverage is provided under the National Insurance Law Scheme.
Coverage is provided with a limit per month.
Coverage is provided world-wide for health threatening emergencies.
Coverage is purchased according to the terms required by the provider selected.
Coverage is purchased once a year for an unlimited number of trips during that year.
Coverage is quite comprehensive.
Coverage is reduced depending on the number of days planting is delayed after the deadline.
Coverage is relatively uniform, except in the Greenland interior.
Coverage is replacement cost , subject to a graduated depreciation schedule.
Coverage is required for all students participating in varsity or club sports.
Coverage is restricted to actual expenditures of the federal government.
Coverage is restricted to economic statistics.
Coverage is restricted to enterprises with workers under private regime.
Coverage is restricted to UK libraries.
Coverage is scattered.
Coverage is secondary to any coverage provided by a common carrier.
Coverage is selective rather than comprehensive, but a large number of authors are represented.
Coverage is selective rather than comprehensive.
Coverage is selective.
Coverage is self-funded with stop loss protection.
Coverage is shown by file, class or function.
Coverage is similar to Canada airports, but without airport or obstacle clearance diagrams.
Coverage is sketchy and limited to major disorders where clinical research data is available.
Coverage is somewhat biased but is generally good.
Coverage is somewhat sporadic.
Coverage is sparse in some cases and years can vary greatly.
Coverage is spatial or temporal, for example, a geographic area such as Ohio.
Coverage is specific and sound.
Coverage is specific to the actual roads being used during the move within Peel Region.
Coverage is specifically detailed in the policy which is included with membership materials.
Coverage is spotty and varies considerably depending on the country.
Coverage is spotty as yet, but it's worth a look.
Coverage is spotty at best, and it is worthwhile to get the word out to the folks it'll affect.
Coverage is spotty for some publications, but new citations are added on a regular basis.
Coverage is statewide.
Coverage is still fairly erratic.
Coverage is still good with only a few thin spots.
Coverage is still good.
Coverage is strongest for legitimate theatre.
Coverage is subject to actual policy terms, conditions, limitation and exclusions.
Coverage is subject to an annual aggregate.
Coverage is subject to certain terms, conditions, and exclusions.
Coverage is subject to conditions and limitations of applicable aircraft warranty.
Coverage is subject to deductibles and co-insurance provisions.
Coverage is subject to exclusions.
Coverage is subject to normal plan rules.
Coverage is subject to plan limitations.
Coverage is subject to policy terms and conditions.
Coverage is subject to the deductible and coinsurance.
Coverage is subject to the exclusions herein.
Coverage is subject to the limitations and provisions of the policy.
Coverage is subject to the same deductibles, co-insurance, and copayment as the mastectomy.
Coverage is subject to the same limitations and guidelines as other prostheses.
Coverage is subject to the terms and conditions as outlined in the policy.
Coverage is subject to the terms and conditions of the policies.
Coverage is sums.
Coverage is surprisingly reasonable and affordable.
Coverage is suspended for any time spent outside of Israel during the program.
Coverage is taped live without editing.
Coverage is targeted to the needs and desires of a narrow audience.
Coverage is tentative and subject to change.
Coverage is the answer.
Coverage is the area the satellite can see while it can be seen from the ground station.
Coverage is the complete era of slavery in the United States.
Coverage is the current annual salary rounded up to the nearest thousand then doubled.
Coverage is the current two years.
Coverage is the current year plus a back-file of five years.
Coverage is the entertainment world and includes movies, music, sports, in addition to television.
Coverage is the first coverage tool designed for cross-environments and native developments.
Coverage is the full range of Congressional activity.
Coverage is the last five years.
Coverage is the last two years only.
Coverage is the last two years.
Coverage is the most important part of teat dipping.
Coverage is the past five years.
Coverage is the same as above except limited to the United States and Canada.
Coverage is the same as the paper source.
Coverage is the same as the print index.
Coverage is the same for both groups of children.
Coverage is thermodynamics and statistical physics, extending back to the beginning of the term.
Coverage is thorough.
Coverage is thoughtful, useful, radical and progressive and the photos are truly outstanding.
Coverage is three years plus the current year.
Coverage is through the eleventh century.
Coverage is timely and current.
Coverage is timely, but the annual volumes appear about two years late.
Coverage is timely.
Coverage is to be provided on premises, in transit and while on water.
Coverage is too institutional and leader -driven.
Coverage is topologically clean.
Coverage is transferable at no additional cost.
Coverage is transferable to the next vehicle owner, increasing the resale value of the car.
Coverage is triggered by an allegation.
Coverage is triggered by an occurrence rather than a claim.
Coverage is triggered by birth parent's change of mind.
Coverage is triggered on a parametric basis, rather than by a monetary amount of loss.
Coverage is two years with updates every two months.
Coverage is typically greater, and straps and clasps of all sorts help to keep the breasts in place.
Coverage is U.S. and international.
Coverage is U.S. only.
Coverage is unaffected because the driving exposure is essentially the same.
Coverage is underwritten through highly rated insurance carriers.
Coverage is uniform.
Coverage is unique only to the restaurant industry.
Coverage is universal with an emphasis on the Christian faith.
Coverage is universal with professional level down through elementary school students featured.
Coverage is universal, including oceans.
Coverage is universal.
Coverage is unlimited and available generally only for joint ventures.
Coverage is unrelated to employment, so is available to all.
Coverage is updated continuously through the Web.
Coverage is updated daily and includes.
Coverage is updated daily.
Coverage is updated monthly.
Coverage is usually equal to the amount of the home health care benefit.
Coverage is usually for the past four years and includes annual totals.
Coverage is very broad and includes a mix of scholarly and general interest publications.
Coverage is very broad but includes mostly magazines of general interest.
Coverage is very broad in the agricultural and veterinary areas.
Coverage is very broad.
Coverage is very comprehensive and thorough.
Coverage is very comprehensive.
Coverage is very good on either side of the length of the field, high up into the stands.
Coverage is very important for scale control.
Coverage is very important to the mice.
Coverage is very limited, however.
Coverage is very limited.
Coverage is very uneven, though.
Coverage is virtually zero particularly in some religious groups or sects which oppose immunization.
Coverage is welcome during the event and at the closing reception.
Coverage is wide with an accent on business and economics.
Coverage is wide, from the arts to natural resources to country profiles.
Coverage is widespread.
Coverage is world wide.
Coverage is worldwide and all types of library are included.
Coverage is worldwide and from prehistory to the present day.
Coverage is worldwide and includes events scheduled to take place well into the next century.
Coverage is worldwide and includes many journals written in other languages.
Coverage is worldwide and is quite encompassing.
Coverage is worldwide and ranges throughout recorded history.
Coverage is worldwide and spans every period of music.
Coverage is worldwide but primarily concentrated in the Southern California area.
Coverage is worldwide for emergency services and other authorized care.
Coverage is worldwide from prehistory to the present day.
Coverage is worldwide in scope.
Coverage is worldwide outside North America.
Coverage is worldwide with emphasis on the United States.
Coverage is world-wide with emphasis on the Western Hemisphere.
Coverage is worldwide, and includes references and abstracts to journals, dissertations and books.
Coverage is worldwide, and indexes journals as well as book chapters and books.
Coverage is worldwide, and multilingual, although English-language articles predominate.
Coverage is worldwide, but most items are in English or have English abstracts.
Coverage is worldwide, but most records are from English language sources or have English abstracts.
Coverage is worldwide, but most records are from English-language sources or have English abstracts.
Coverage is worldwide, except for fine arts, which are restricted to the United States and Canada.
Coverage is worldwide, including bluewater.
Coverage is worldwide, including many U.S. reference works, places, people, and Internet sites.
Coverage is worldwide, with emphasis on the United States.
Coverage is world-wide.
Coverage is worldwide.
Coverage is written on a claims made form.
Coverage is written on a claims-made basis.
Coverage is written on a guaranteed cost basis.
Coverage is written on an agreed value basis without a deductible.
Coverage is written on an occurrence and a claims-made and reported basis.
Coverage is written on an occurrence basis.
Coverage is written on an occurrence form which provides superior coverage to a claims made policy.
Coverage is, however, patchy, very good for Europe east and west but poor for Asia and the Pacific.
Coverage isa magnitude.
Coverage lasts a lifetime as long as the premiums are paid.
Coverage map The list of locations covered by the service.
Coverage meets the standards for countries wherein the vehicle resides.
Coverage normally ends on the last day of the month in which the faculty member terminates.
Coverage now includes team records, starting pitchers, hot player summaries, and special events.
Coverage occurs in text, in sidebars, in opening profiles, and in the exercises.
Coverage offers a balance of theory, application and functional level examples.
Coverage offers a book list, current articles, films, and organizations.
Coverage only applies to handheld devices used non-commercially.
Coverage only applies to products used non-commercially.
Coverage only applies to third-party liability.
Coverage pays for damage resulting from such things as fires, falling trees, earthquakes and theft.
Coverage pays for loss of net profit and ongoing expenses.
Coverage pays in addition to other insurance in place.
Coverage pertains to both civil and criminal matters.
Coverage pertains to completeness.
Coverage pertains to the amount, duration and scope of a benefit offered under a health plan.
Coverage primarily is income and employment taxes.
Coverage problems an visibility regions on topographic surfaces .
Coverage provided is equal to the even thousand-dollar amount above the annual stipend.
Coverage provides a list of the journals used.
Coverage provides a view of our coverage maps for alphanumeric paging.
Coverage provides additional protection.
Coverage provides an extra measure of protection that can keep a farmer from going under.
Coverage provides for credit and political risks.
Coverage provides for flu shots annually provided by the district.
Coverage provides for third party bodily injury, property damage, cleanup and defense costs.
Coverage provides protection after a qualifying period of three consecutive months of disability.
Coverage provides protection.
Coverage provides pure death protection without combining the insurance with elements of savings.
Coverage provides spectator liability and premises liability including property damage.
Coverage purchased by credit card is subject to validation and acceptance by credit card company.
Coverage purchased by credit card is subject to validation and acceptance.
Coverage ranges across the physical, biological, and social sciences.
Coverage ranges from an extensive appendix of PC basics to e-mail and web browsing.
Coverage ranges from ancient archaeological sites to contemporary art sites.
Coverage ranges from cultural and environmental facilities to major mixed-use commercial projects.
Coverage ranges from database management to networking to e-commerce.
Coverage ranges from general interest magazines to specialized professional journals.
Coverage ranges from general to academic levels.
Coverage ranges from general to specific and from introductory to in-depth.
Coverage ranges from habitats to food chains, from erosion to land reclamation.
Coverage ranges from local events, sports and features, to national news.
Coverage ranges from medical conditions to health policy.
Coverage ranges from normal development to diseases and anomalies of the pediatric nervous system.
Coverage ranges from popular magazines to professional science journals.
Coverage ranges from popular science magazines to professional science journals.
Coverage ranges from preliminary research to detailed descriptions of successful programs.
Coverage ranges from preparing the project idea to solicitation of funds.
Coverage ranges from preventive care through orthodontia for all covered members.
Coverage ranges from the basic principles of color to the effect of color on the human psyche.
Coverage ranges from the mundane to the arcane uses of piezoelectric materials.
Coverage ranges from the small watersheds to the large river basins.
Coverage ranges over many disciplines and cultures.
Coverage ranges widely, from topics in natural science to anthropological and socio-economic issues.
Coverage reaches into the twentieth century.
Coverage reduces according to the schedule below.
Coverage refers only to the subject content of the resource.
Coverage reflects back to last revision of each title.
Coverage reflects the ongoing transformation of the global financing and investment environments.
Coverage relates the present resource to a place or to a time-period.
Coverage relates to students injured on campus or while engaged in a university-sponsored activity.
Coverage remains effective until withdrawn by written notice to the division .
Coverage remains effective until withdrawn by written notice to the division.
Coverage remains essentially the same.
Coverage remains in effect through the calendar year unless eligibility ends sooner.
Coverage remains in force as a participating lifetime plan with a single premium paid at issue.
Coverage remains optional.
Coverage remains the same.
Coverage remains with the same carrier at all times.
Coverage represents centerlines from all roads in the county.
Coverage requires a prescription from a physician.
Coverage requires a terrestrial gateway in or near a footprint.
Coverage runs the gamut from health and medicine to fitness and nutrition.
Coverage runs through the last day of each month.
Coverage seems more limited than some others.
Coverage spans a wide variety of disciplines.
Coverage spans the twentieth century.
Coverage Starting dates of journals vary.
Coverage starts approx.
Coverage starts as a watch on a distant storm.
Coverage starts at the beginning year of publication and includes all but the most recent years.
Coverage starts automatically on the date of hire.
Coverage starts first day of month after employment date.
Coverage starts from the first issue of each journal.
Coverage starts from the first volume in most cases.
Coverage starts on the date of hire.
Coverage starts on the first day of employment.
Coverage stretches from Iran across North Africa.
Coverage suffers a bit from a shortage of flow charts, state diagrams, and conceptual drawings.
Coverage takes effect on the date of birth.
Coverage takes effect the first day of the following month.
Coverage takes effect when the employee has a deduction for health care from the paycheck.
Coverage tends to be spotty, however, even in high-tech regions.
Coverage terminates the end of the pay period in which the last day worked occurs.
Coverage terminates the last day of the last month of eligibility.
Coverage then begins on the first of the following month.
Coverage then increases five-fold as plan automatically converts to Whole Life.
Coverage then terminates.
Coverage There are three types of coverage available.
Coverage typically includes all scheduled and unscheduled removals, shop parts, and shop labor.
Coverage typically varies from one index to the next.
Coverage varies according to journal.
Coverage varies according to the bargaining group.
Coverage varies according to the individual publications.
Coverage varies according to the insurance providers and the amount of coverage.
Coverage varies according to the option chosen.
Coverage varies according to title.
Coverage varies according to topic or database.
Coverage varies according to type of search.
Coverage varies among individual states.
Coverage varies among the different collections.
Coverage varies around the country.
Coverage varies based on the publication.
Coverage varies between databases.
Coverage varies between the systems, and none gives a complete list.
Coverage varies but is often only daily.
Coverage varies but mostly includes recent data or publications.
Coverage varies by circuit.
Coverage varies by company.
Coverage varies by country.
Coverage varies by county and date.
Coverage varies by database and publication.
Coverage varies by database, most cover the last decade of literature.
Coverage varies by database.
Coverage varies by databases.
Coverage varies by dataset.
Coverage varies by date, scale, and emulsion.
Coverage varies by file.
Coverage varies by individual title.
Coverage varies by information type.
Coverage varies by journal title.
Coverage varies by journal.
Coverage varies by jurisdiction.
Coverage varies by newspaper.
Coverage varies by paper but generally covers the last ten years.
Coverage varies by plan, so review the benefits of each carefully.
Coverage varies by publication.
Coverage varies by source.
Coverage varies by state.
Coverage varies by title.
Coverage varies by year.
Coverage varies depending on color.
Coverage varies depending on product chosen.
Coverage varies depending on source.
Coverage varies depending on the policyholder's age, health status and needs.
Coverage varies depending on the provider network.
Coverage varies depending on the resource.
Coverage varies depending on title.
Coverage varies depending upon the journal.
Coverage varies depending upon the publication.
Coverage varies even for entries of the same type.
Coverage varies for each journal.
Coverage varies for the different countries.
Coverage varies fro each database.
Coverage varies from a few issues to several years of a title.
Coverage varies from a few issues to several years.
Coverage varies from campus to campus.
Coverage varies from company to company, even policy to policy.
Coverage varies from country to country.
Coverage varies from database to database.
Coverage varies from district to district.
Coverage varies from high school to college level.
Coverage varies from journal information only to full text.
Coverage varies from journal to journal.
Coverage varies from one database to the next.
Coverage varies from one insurance policy to the next.
Coverage varies from paper to paper.
Coverage varies from plan to plan.
Coverage varies from regional to global.
Coverage varies from state to state.
Coverage varies from thin to excellent.
Coverage varies from title to title with some going back to the nineteenth century.
Coverage varies from title to title with some titles having several years of available.
Coverage varies from title to title.
Coverage varies in other provinces.
Coverage varies in the included databases and finding tools.
Coverage varies in the individual series but is generally comprehensive.
Coverage varies per file.
Coverage varies significantly from state to state.
Coverage varies widely from agreement to agreement.
Coverage varies widely from state to state and from policy to policy.
Coverage varies widely.
Coverage varies with database.
Coverage varies with each database.
Coverage varies with each insurance company.
Coverage varies with each journal title.
Coverage varies with each translator.
Coverage varies with indicator.
Coverage varies with individual journal title.
Coverage varies with journal.
Coverage varies with location and parameter.
Coverage varies with porosity.
Coverage varies with the age of the employee.
Coverage varies with the database.
Coverage varies with the title, but generally includes the nine most current issues.
Coverage varies within each resource according to subject and level of specificity.
Coverage varies, but is generally for the current five to ten years .
Coverage varies, some sources update on a daily basis.
Coverage varies, with emphasis on current material.
Coverages are a single geographic datasets stored in multiple files and folders.
Coverages are a very important type of geospatial data.
Coverages are also available for spouses and children of eligible employees.
Coverages are available at an additional charge.
Coverages are available for short handed cruising and blue water passages.
Coverages are available in most states.
Coverages are only available as a package.
Coverages are subject to individual qualification and state availability.
Coverages are subject to policy terms, conditions, and exclusions.
Coverages are subject to terms, conditions, and exclusions.
Coverages can also be custom tailored for each group.
Coverages can include claims-made, primary and excess, and environmental programs.
Coverages can include expropriation, political violence, and currency inconvertibility.
Coverages increase as indicated in the Basic Life Plan of Coverage chart.
Coverages vary by state.
Coverages vary for competitive reasons.
Coverages vary from company to company.
Coverage always begins on the first day of a month.
Coverage always depends on surface condition and absorbency.
Coverage frequently involves local campaigns by religious and political Right.
Coverage often extends to many neighboring states as well.
Coverage often hinges on characterization of the claim as contract, tort, both or neither.
Coverage usually applies to the lesser of repair, replacement, or fair market value.
Coverage usually exists for social hosts who provide alcoholic beverages at no cost.
Coverage usually includes the cost of defense.
All coverage expires as shown above.
All coverage includes orthodontia benefits.
All coverage is cumulative.
All coverage is determined by age and salary.
All coverage is in excess of airline and hotel coverage.
All coverage is provided on an occurrence basis.
All coverage is subject to evidence of insurability.
All coverage is subject to exclusions set forth in the warranty documents.
All coverage is subject to individual underwriting judgement and to state legal requirements.
All coverage is subject to reasonable and customary fee guidelines.
All coverage is subject to reasonable and customary guidelines.
All coverage is subject to the policy's terms and conditions.
All coverage is the same.
All coverages are mandatory as noted.
All coverages are per person.
All coverages are primary.
All coverages are subject to all policy provisions and applicable endorsements.
All coverages are subject to availability and qualifications.
All coverages are subject to limits stated in policy.
All coverages are subject to policy limits and exclusions.
All coverages are subject to policy terms, conditions and limits.
All coverages are subject to policy terms, conditions, and exclusions.
All coverages are subject to the exclusions and conditions in the policy itself.
All coverages are subject to the exclusions and conditions of the policy itself.
All coverages are subject to the exclusions, deductibles and conditions in the policy.
All coverages are subject to the terms and conditions contained in our policies and endorsements.
All coverages are subject to the terms and conditions contained in the policy and endorsements.
All coverages are to be considered reconnaissance in nature.
All coverages described are subject to policy terms and limitations.
All coverages described are subject to the conditions and exclusions of the applicable policy.
Any coverage can also contain lines.
Any coverage issued is subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable policy form.
Any coverage issued is subject to the terms of that policy.
Many coverages are available by endorsement to policies listed above.
More coverage is available through a simplified underwriting arrangement.
More coverage means more votes.
Most coverage is a cure for insomnia.
Most coverage is from a generalist point of view rather than a technical one.
Most coverage provides additional protection.
Most coverage provides protection.
Most coverages are discretionary.
Some coverage excludes the company owner.
Some coverage is available for computer hardware damage caused by electrical disturbance.
Some coverage is in Spanish.
Some coverage is inadequate with regard to range.
Some coverage relates to archaeological topics.
Some coverage requires a subscription to view.
Some coverages also have deductibles.
Some coverages are different for recreation vehicles.
A coverall is a clothing
Coveralls are also available in two piece styles.
Coveralls are available from most manufacturers.
Coveralls are best though.
Coveralls are nice at keeping bottom layers dry as well as providing an extra layer of clothing.
Coveralls are nice.
Coveralls can also come in handy.
Coveralls go on over that.
Coveralls provide total body protection from potential exposure to hazards.
Coveralls When working with pesticides, it is best to wear more layers of clothing.
Covered acreage is all that survived the freeze.
Covered area is a good place to play catch, soccer, basketball, and football.
Covered arena provides shelter for family entertainment regardless of weather conditions.
Covered balconies surround both houses.
Covered boat dock.
Covered boat sheds on Carters Creek, for rent.
Covered boat slips and a dry storage area are available.
Covered boat slips and private concrete ramp.
A covered bridge is a bridge
Covered bridges abound in our adjacent farming valleys.
Covered bridges are a Lancaster County symbol.
Covered bridges are an important cultural feature on the Lane County landscape.
Covered bridges are bridges.
Covered bridges are in a league of their own.
Covered bridges are one of the enduring symbols of Vermont's past.
Covered bridges consist of a roadway supported on each side by a wooden truss and a roof.
Covered bridges cross the Poplar River.
Covered bridges dot the landscape.
Covered bridges give an added flavour to the area.
Covered bridges span crystal clear rivers as they carve their way through pristine valleys.
Covered bridges spanning rippling creeks and rivers are a photographers dream.
Covered bridges symbolize small-town America.
Covered bulbs have lower lumens per watt.
Covered bus stops.
Covered buttons flow from the zipper back down to the train.
Covered calls are less risky than other option strategies.
Covered costs are costs incurred to produce the insurance benefit.
Covered deck has outdoor living and dining areas.
Covered deck looks off into the mountains behind.
Covered deck overlooks private yard.
Covered deck provides comfortable outdoor retreat.
Covered decks are available to rent for lounging or fishing.
Covered decks compliment the cabins and provide a great place to sit and listen to the river.
Covered dependents living outside the state are eligible for the same benefits.
Covered dishes are welcome.
Covered employee means an active employee or a retired employee whose coverage is in effect.
Covered employees are able to choose what is best for their individual situation.
Covered employees are subject to both drug and alcohol random testing.
Covered employees are subject to reasonable suspicion and post-accident testing.
Covered entities are health plans, health care clearinghouses or health care providers.
Covered entities can choose to accept or deny such requests based upon certain circumstances.
Covered entry leads to formal dining room and large open living area with central fireplace.
Covered entry Provides protection from the elements while opening the door.
Covered expenditures are transportation, housing and meals.
Covered expenses are airfare, insurance, administrative costs and transportation to the host family.
Covered expenses are limited to a one-way common carrier economy ticket by the most direct route.
Covered facilities are available.
Covered footwear is essential for all intending train passengers.
Covered galleries flank the garden winding their way to the interior of the structure.
Covered galleries open onto rooms overlooking multiple patios.
Covered gallery has dinning table and seating area to enjoy the plentiful southeast breezes.
Covered gears minimize adhesive residue and applicator jams.
Covered individuals have a continuing duty to disclose potential or actual conflicts of interest.
Covered injuries exclude league athletics.
Covered items are retail sales of tangible personal property and selected services.
Covered lanai faces a serene garden with mountain and waterfall views.
Covered liabilities can arise years after an insurance policy has expired.
Covered members make their own appointments to see specialists.
Covered models have a smoke tint to keep information private.
Covered parking is also available.
Covered parking is an optional extra.
Covered parking is available and is complimentary for each of our guests and any visitors .
Covered parking is available at no charge.
Covered parking is available at no cost to all residents.
Covered parking is available on the lower level.
Covered parking is available.
Covered parking is free for one vehicle.
Covered parking is free in the building garage.
Covered parking is free to registered guests.
Covered parking is provided free of charge to overnight guests.
Covered parking is provided.
Covered parking is required for all residences.
Covered parking needs to be visible for security, unless supplied as storage within a building.
Covered passageways have squares of garden.
Covered passageways leave from the paved main street.
Covered patio adds to family outdoor experiences.
Covered patio Have a seat and enjoy the scenery in the covered patio.
Covered patio looks out on to beautifully landscaped , fenced yard with pool, jacuzzi and fish pond.
Covered patios are ideal.
Covered patios let the children play outside in inclement weather.
Covered pavilions are available for group reservations free of charge.
Covered pavilions are available, along with good facilities and lifeguards.
Covered pavilions shelter the daytime music and dance workshops and dances.
Covered persons collect the full amount of coverage even if they make a full recovery.
Covered pools are open all the year round.
Covered porch overlooks the lake.
Covered porches are on both sides.
Covered porches are typical of locations providing enough shelter for damp-location luminaires.
Covered porches are well crafted and are a favorite gathering place.
Covered porches shelter the room from extremes of temperature and sun.
Covered pots save fuel.
Covered procedures vary with each insurance company.
Covered property includes fixed items and assets as well as mobile.
Covered rotor provides control of aerosols and holds up to forty micro centrifuge tubes.
Covered salary excludes overtime, summer salary and bonus payments.
Covered services are free to students who have the student health insurance.
Covered services are subject to a copayment.
Covered services remain the same except that the vision reimbursement benefit has been eliminated.
Covered shoes are essential.
Covered space is available for all.
Covered storage reduces losses by at least one half.
Covered switch is located under sink.
Covered travel is defined as organized supervised group travel.
Covered wages refers to wages paid to workers covered by unemployment insurance.
A covered wagon is a wagon
Covered wagon is made from real canvas stretched over a wire frame.
Covered wagon rides on the historic pioneer trails.
Covered wagon rides, pony rides, games, crafts, activities for all ages.
Covered wagons are films.
Covered wagons are wagons.
Covered walkways allow visits in all seasons.
Covered walkways allows visits in all seasons.
Covered walkways connect many of the buildings.
Covered walkways connect the different buildings on the campus.
Covered walkways join the buildings.
Covered walkways lead into the building from the drive and provide protection from the weather.
Covered walkways make shopping a pleasant experience, regardless of the weather.
Covered workers is defined as in the rest of the table.
Covered writers buy the underlying security and write options against it.
Covered zippers close down the outside of each leg.
Covering letters are letters.
Covering materials are building materials.
Covering affects container germination of southern pine seeds.
Covering are artifacts.
Covering are dressings.
Covering are natural objects.
Covering are protection.
Covering are subbings.
Covering can actually trap moisture inside and cause mildue and corrosion.
Covering has (part) sections.
Covering is heavy reinforced vinyl laminate for durability.
Covering is needed to protect wound site and erosion of product by clothing or bed linens.
Covering isa object.
Covering makes it easier to regulate their daylight exposure.
Coverings are usually canvas, though some yurt builders are using felt as a middle layer.
Most coverings are acceptable.
Some covering is desirable simply to protect against abrasion, sunburn and for warmth in the water .
A coverlet is spread
Coverlets fit a bed much like a comforter in that they cover the top of the bed only.
Covers charges vary.
Covert action is the opposite of espionage.
Covert action seems to offer the politically most feasible form of action.
Covert actions are counterproductive and damaging to the national interest of the United States.
Covert attention affects the psychometric function of contrast sensitivity.
Covert attention speeds the accrual of visual information.
Covert behavior includes private behavior, such as thoughts, feelings, and fantasy.
Covert behavior is fear and anxiety.
Covert cameras tend to be used where there is a requirement to achieve particular objectives.
Covert commercials appear almost openly.
Covert hypnosis is a powerful skill in the therapist's office as well.
Covert leadership means managing with a sense of nuances, constraints, and limitations.
Covert marks are very small.
Covert markings are cheap for owners.
Covert measures can also have the opposite purpose, to weaken a hostile government.
A covert operation is an operation
Covert operations are military operations.
Covert operations are obvious to the enemy, which is being engaged by it.
Covert operations are operations.
Covert operations is their big money deal.
Covert power struggles that never surface can deaden passion in a marriage.
Covert propaganda can allow a state to influence another state's electoral process.
Covert racism is just as bad today as overt racism was thirty years ago.
Covert security is about confusing and exposing hackers.
Covert sensitization has several advantages over other aversion therapies.
Covert speech develops before overt speech.
Covert surveillance is an important weapon in the fight against serious crime.
Covert tactics can be precise, effective, rewarding, cheap.
A covert is a covering
Coverts also cover the ear.
Coverts are the smaller feathers of the wing and tail that cover the bases of the larger feathers.
Coverts are the smaller patterned feathers that cover the spaces between the flight feathers.
Coverts pale brown with separate thin dark bars that remain separate to center of shaft.
Coveted ones allow floor access.
Some coveted slots are open for next year.
Covetous men live drudges to die wretches .
Covetousness affects every level of human life.
Covetousness alone is a great destroyer of merit and goodness.
Covetousness becomes a poisonous misery to the heart and soul.
Covetousness brings disharmony and friction.
Covetousness bursts the sack and spills the grain.
Covetousness can bring a person to the condition called apostasy.
Covetousness can bring about one's destruction.
Covetousness can pop up in any area of life.
Covetousness causes many sorrows.
Covetousness chokes one's spiritual vitality .
Covetousness clenches things in a selfish grip.
Covetousness creates needs and wants that seek to fill the vacuum within the soul.
Covetousness drives people to sacrifice the lives of others, even to kill, for their own ends.
Covetousness dulls our spiritual senses.
Covetousness gives rise to that unbridled lust which plunges individuals into adultery.
Covetousness grows to greed and an all-consuming lust.
Covetousness is a dry drunkenness, saith one, an insatiable dropsy, and like hell itself.
Covetousness is a great danger in time of persecution.
Covetousness is a mirage that produces wretchedness.
Covetousness is a sin that reaches out for men of every age.
Covetousness is a wicked disposition of heart, a root of lawlessness.
Covetousness is an enthusiastic desire.
Covetousness is an occupational hazard to be guarded against.
Covetousness is cured by a generosity.
Covetousness is driven by greed.
Covetousness is envy
Covetousness is envy.
Covetousness is found in the heart.
Covetousness is idolatry.
Covetousness is lethal because our hearts follow our investments.
Covetousness is more than desire.
Covetousness is normal desire gone wrong.
Covetousness is one result of the fall of man.
Covetousness is one thing, wealth is another.
Covetousness is productive of all.
Covetousness is shameful.
Covetousness is the basic reason for gambling.
Covetousness is the desire for material wealth or gain, ignoring the realm of the spiritual.
Covetousness is the exact opposite of contentment.
Covetousness is the father of unsatisfied desires.
Covetousness is the immoral desire for wealth by unlawful means.
Covetousness is the last enemy of both the sinner and the saint.
Covetousness is the most unfortunate evil of the human heart.
Covetousness is the opposite of contentment.
Covetousness is the source of oppression.
Covetousness makes a man a brute beast.
Covetousness makes people gamble.
Covetousness means 'the wish to have more'.
Covetousness quickly turns to envy which is admiration gone sour.
Covetousness reveals a real lack of love for our neighbors.
Covetousness runs through our lives, breeding dissatisfaction.
Covetousness takes away discernment from the soul.
Covetousness tends to corrupt the ministry.
A covey is gathering
Covey believes that leaders with character are most effective.
Covey describes the evolution between dependency, independence, and interdependence.
Covey explains that communication uses the language of logic and the language of emotion.
Covey explains the advantages of managing time around principles rather than priorities.
Covey goes on to discuss synergy in the classroom and synergy in business.
Covey is no novice at starting a dairy judging team from the ground up.
Covey likes old cars.
Covey plans to start out with the basics.
Covey presents a holistic, integrated, principle-centered approach for solving problems.
Covey recommends beginning with a goal of a book a month, then one every two weeks, then one a week.
Covey recommends that children do the dishes, some of the cooking, and set and clear the table.
Covey suffers from post-polio syndrome and has use of only one hand.
Covey suggests bringing up the problem during a calm time at work as a good approach.
Coveys are flocks.
Coveys are gathering.
Coveys have a relatively small home range, often a quarter mile square or less.
Cow birds find nests by looking in trees at the edges of forests.
Cow elk select places.
Cow elk weigh pounds.
Cow light cheese has calories.
Cow milk contains calories.
Most cow milk contains calories.
Some cow milk contains liters.
Cow moose have weight.
Cow moose weigh kgs.
Most cow moose have weight.
A cow is cattle
Cow isa cattle.
Cows accept and use free stalls faster in open, well lighted and ventilated barns.
Cows adapt to product slowly.
Cows also adjust to major ration changes much better.
Cows also bugle at times.
Cows also consume a greater amount of the fed fiber because there are no cob discs to leave behind.
Cows also have a tendency to kick toward a side with pain from inflammation or injuries.
Cows also have a white patch of fur just beneath their tail.
Cows also have something similar.
Cows also interact with native animal species, mostly being predators.
Cows also kick with their hind legs.
Cows also live in a linear dominance hierarchy, which is established early in life.
Cows also prefer to keep their calves near water as an escape route for their calves.
Cows also produce large amounts of methane.
Cows also provide leather, which can be made into armour, and is essential for crafting books.
Cows also roll in wallows.
COWs also spend their first four hours of tutoring observing and working with and experienced tutor.
Cows also suffer from less stress.
Cows appear normal prior to and after aborting.
Cows appreciate the soft touch of a veteran farmer's hand gently coaxing milk from the underbellies.
Cows are a little smaller.
Cows are a major feature of the landscape.
Cows are a source of dignity and self-esteem for most Dinka men.
Cows are a tan or brown colour with the same white markings, however their horns are much smaller.
Cows are a vital part of our livelihood here in the village.
Cows are a waste of space.
Cows are about a metre high at the shoulder.
Cows are about the same height, but lighter in weight.
Cows are adapted to their environment by natural selection.
Cows are adults.
Cows are also a favourite subject.
Cows are also particularly susceptible to new infections when milk is present in the udder.
Cows are also very protective of their young.
Cows are always fragrant.
Cows are animals, just like humans are animals.
Cows are animals.
Cows are as good a medium as any other.
Cows are auspicious and sacred, and grantor of every wish and givers of life.
Cows are available, fully assembled, in an assortment of sizes and colors.
Cows are bad.
Cows are beautiful, simple and admittedly lazy animals.
Cows are beautiful, sincere and sacred.
Cows are benign.
Cows are BIG eaters.
Cows are bred to produce milk.
Cows are brighter.
Cows are brown.
Cows are calcium animals known for stability and heaviness.
Cows are calm creatures.
Cows are capable of pets.
Cows are cattle.
Cows are certainly emblematic of North Texas.
Cows are condition scored.
Cows are creatures of habit and rapidly get used to a daily routine of activity.
Cows are cute.
Cows are decreed sacred and can no longer be eaten.
Cows are devotional mothers and are known to walk for miles to find their calves.
Cows are easy calving and require less veterinary attention.
Cows are eaten by humans, fish are eaten by humans and apples are eaten by humans.
Cows are especially aggressive when protecting calves, which are born in late spring.
Cows are everywhere.
Cows are extremely protective of their calves.
Cows are fed hay in five large rings and watered with a well-supplied artificial waterer.
Cows are female animals.
Cows are female cattle that have given birth and have begun to produce milk.
Cows are female cattle.
Cows are female humpback whales.
Cows are for eating.
Cows are funny.
Cows are good animals, good omens.
Cows are good.
Cows are gourmets.
Cows are grazers and goats are browsers.
Cows are grazers, deer are browsers.
Cows are guileless in their behaviour.
Cows are harvested for beef.
Cows are herbivores.
Cows are herd animals.
Cows are high on the food chain.
Cows are holy animals.
Cows are holy in India.
Cows are important for small-scale farmers for home consumption.
Cows are in the barn during the day and turned out onto pasture at night.
Cows are infertile as long as the condition persists.
Cows are innocents.
Cows are inside pens.
Cows are just plain funny, no matter what.
Cows are known to avoid poisonous plants as well.
Cows are less likely to exhibit estrus if they are in a negative energy balance.
Cows are located in advertisements.
Cows are located in bards.
Cows are located in books.
Cows are located in butcher shops.
Cows are located in cattle.
Cows are located in cornfields.
Cows are located in corrals.
Cows are located in countrysides.
Cows are located in county fairs.
Cows are located in dairy farms.
Cows are located in fairgrounds.
Cows are located in fairs.
Cows are located in fairy tales.
Cows are located in fences.
Cows are located in freezers.
Cows are located in grass.
Cows are located in green fields.
Cows are located in hamburger meat.
Cows are located in hamburgers.
Cows are located in herds.
Cows are located in movies.
Cows are located in nursery rhyme.
Cows are located in paddocks.
Cows are located in ranchs.
Cows are located in rural areas.
Cows are located in stables.
Cows are located in stalls.
Cows are located in stew.
Cows are located in story books.
Cows are located in swamp.
Cows are located in toy stores.
Cows are located in villages.
Cows are located on farms.
Cows are loud.
Cows are mammals and like all mammals produce milk for their young.
Cows are mammals.
Cows are mature female bovines.
Cows are medium mature weight and moderate in milk production.
Cows are mono-ovulators with a regular ovarian cycle similar to humans .
Cows are more closely related to dolphins than they are to horses.
Cows are more comfortable with a person who is quiet, moves at ease, and is steady.
Cows are more productive from less stress and injury.
Cows are nearly fifteen times more sensitive to electricity than humans.
Cows are never in true estrus when progesterone is high.
Cows are nice.
Cows are no exception.
Cows are nothing like horses, chickens or sheep.
Cows are notorious emitters of methane, a principal greenhouse gas.
Cows are on jig grass and mineral blocks.
Cows are on short permanent pasture year round.
Cows are one fourth smaller.
Cows are one of the earth's best creatures.
Cows are our friends .
Cows are part of cattle.
Cows are part of heards.
Cows are particularly sensitive to water problems because of the large volume they drink.
Cows are people, too, and drinking their milk is a denigration of their creaturehood.
Cows are placentals.
Cows are pregnancy checked.
Cows are pregnant for nine months and are given a rest period from milking between calvings.
Cows are pregnant for nine months and calves are usually born naturally and easily.
Cows are pregnant for nine months.
Cows are routinely fed antibiotics.
Cows are ruminants or cud-chewing animals eating hay, corn, soybeans, grass, wheat, and ensilage.
Cows are ruminants, as are deer.
Cows are ruminants, which are cud chewing mammals.
Cows are ruminants.
Cows are sacred and blessed and are sanctifiers of all.
Cows are sacred, but animals such as snakes and monkeys are also revered.
Cows are sacred, but they revere monkeys, snakes, and other animals as well.
Cows are sacred, Cows are neat.
Cows are sacred.
Cows are smaller and lighter.
Cows are smaller than bulls.
Cows are so natural and low-tech.
Cows are social animals.
Cows are sometimes uncooperative patients.
Cows are somewhat darker, and bulls have a long, dense mane.
Cows are somewhat social, developing friendships with each other.
Cows are stupid animals.
Cows are stupid except when death is near, in that brief moment before they die.
Cows are stupid.
Cows are surprisingly well-represented on the Web, but there's always room for more.
Cows are tail painted and a strict culling policy is observed.
Cows are tasty.
Cows are the embodiment of merit.
Cows are the foremost of all things.
Cows are the great refuge of all creatures.
Cows are the most susceptible to environmental mastitis during two periods of time.
Cows are the mothers of the universe.
Cows are the refuge of all creatures.
Cows are the source of eternal growth.
Cows are the ultimate weapon.
Cows are to think of their calves first and their bellies second.
Cows are too big.
Cows are too fat when the pelvic ligaments are buried in fat.
Cows are unbelievable.
Cows are unique in that they have fewer teeth than other animals.
Cows are used for milkings.
Cows are usually down with head turned back towards the flank.
Cows are vaccinated and constantly monitored for disease.
Cows are vegetarians, and eat mostly hay or grass.
Cows are vegetarians.
Cows are very efficient producers of large quantities of protein.
Cows are very forgiving farm animals.
Cows are very large animals and can be unpredictable.
Cows are very much creatures of habit and they respond best to consistent routines.
Cows are very protective of their young.
Cows are very quick to pick it up.
Cows are very strong.
Cows are very susceptible to buttercup poisoning while grazing.
Cows are voracious consumers of water.
Cows are vulnerable to natural predators.
Cows are world champion belchers and farters.
Cows are, by nature, vegetarians.
Cows are, of course, fundamentally vegetarian.
Cows become more persistent in production and milk yield.
Cows begin antler growth about one week after giving birth.
Cows begin mating at about age four.
Cows belong in the pasture.
Cows breed at three years, bulls at four.
Cows bring calves.
Cows browse special range weed then twitch, shake, shudder, and stumble back for more.
Cows build body reserves during the dry period.
Cows calve in better environmental conditions including dry, clean, spacious pastures.
Cows calve in the hills unless brought in due to exceptionally severe weather.
Cows can act heroically.
Cows can also contract diseases such as mastitis and leptospirosis from lounging in dirty water.
Cows can also suffer from a range of other diseases.
Cows can be a problem and dangerous on the road but horses are even more threatening.
Cows can be as lovable a companion animal as a dog or cat.
Cows can be up to eight times more active than normal while in heat.
Cows can become pregnant having had a history of a prolapsed cervix.
Cows can calve only a limited number of times.
Cows can carry it.
Cows can carry twice the normal weight allowance.
Cows can detect odours up to five miles away.
Cows can do what they want.
Cows can eat just about everything.
Cows can have offspring.
Cows can live in both hot and cold places.
Cows can manufacture proteins five times more efficiently than laboratory cell cultures.
Cows can only digest some foods after a fermentation process, called rumination.
Cows can pick and lick their noses with their tongues.
Cows can produce more milk for the same amount of feed.
Cows can see color.
Cows can see colour.
Cows can shed bacteria into milk without showing clinical mastitis.
Cows can sleep comfy in Georgia.
Cows can sleep standing up.
Cows can tell the difference between a man and a woman.
Cows can vary in body condition from too thin to just right to overweight.
Cows carry calves.
Cows carry fetuses.
Cows cause mooings.
Cows charge around at speed, sometimes knocking the herdsmen to the ground.
Cows chew cuds.
Cows climb over each other trying to find space, inadvertently gouging and trampling each other.
Cows come ashore two days before giving birth.
Cows come down the hill, go to the slaughterhouse, get bonked on the head and cut up.
Cows come home evening and morning by themselves.
Cows come into heat more regularly.
Cows come to campus and students go to the lab.
Cows communicate with chemical signals, touch, visual cues, and sound.
Cows compress the earth with their weight so that it can only be worked with great difficulty.
Cows constitute the fruit of sacrifices.
Cows constitute the great source of blessing unto all.
Cows consume a great deal of food to make the milk.
Cows consume grass.
Cows cool themselves on the beach and braying donkeys graze at roadsides.
Cows defend calves.
Cows deliver calves.
Cows deliver healthy calves.
Cows depend on drinking water to produce milk and prefer warm water to cold.
Cows determine when and where the rut takes place.
Cows die , and wheat rots .
Cows die, and wheat rots.
Cows digest food.
Cows digest meals.
Cows display a rounded forehead.
Cows display high fertility and regularity of calving.
Cows do gain ability to tolerate some nitrate in the ration.
Cows do it.
Cows do what cows do.
Cows don t feel like eating much when it s hot and that results in less milk output.
Cows dont get foot rot as such.
Cows drink a lot of water, too.
Cows drink water.
Cows drool, stumble and finally collapse.
Cows drop their antlers during or just after calving.
Cows eat bread, too.
Cows eat buttercups.
Cows eat by wrapping their tongue around the grass and pulling it.
Cows eat carbohydrates and make protein in a similar manner.
Cows eat carbohydrates in grass to make protein.
Cows eat chop, grain and hay.
Cows eat diets.
Cows eat fresh grass.
Cows eat grain.
Cows eat grass and weeds.
Cows eat grass because that is what they are evolved to do.
Cows eat grass, grass comes out the back end of cows.
Cows eat grass, hay and oats.
Cows eat grass, hay, and clover.
Cows eat grass, hay, silage, and grain to produce milk, meat, and leather products.
Cows eat grass, hay, silage, and grain toproduce milk, meat, and leather products.
Cows eat grass.
Cows eat grass.
Cows eat less feed during hot weather.
Cows eat much less when they are hot and therefore produce less milk.
Cows eat plant grass.
Cows eat plants.
Cows eat pumpkins.
Cows eat the bigger plants, and their hooves trample the smaller ones.
Cows eat the carbohydrates in grass to make protein.
Cows eat the grass, and the only way for the plants to recover is to take away the animals.
Cows eat the stuff.
Cows eat to satisfy their energy demand.
Cows eating a high concentrate diet are more likely to be affected.
Cows eating a high roughage diet are more likely to be affected.
Cows eating roughage low in vitamin E are more likely to be affected.
Cows eating the bags sometimes die.
Cows enjoy diets.
Cows enjoy nutritious diets.
Cows enter the parlor and ride around on the carousel driven by three hydraulic powered wheels.
Cows especially are very therapeutic.
Cows excrete manure.
Cows excrete the bacteria, and it can run into streams and city water supplies.
Cows exist in large numbers.
Cows failing to become pregnant are the main reason for a poor calf crop.
Cows feed calves.
Cows feed grass to their gut bacteria and digest the bacteria and their products.
Cows feed on grass.
Cows feed on plants.
Cows feel the currents produced by voltages they contact between two places.
Cows flick their tails.
Cows float down chimneys, sing carols and give game-play gifts.
Cows gain condition most efficiently during late lactation.
Cows gain in weight for three weeks before the start of breeding season and during breeding season.
Cows gain weight.
Cows generally have longer horns than bulls.
Cows generally have offspring every year. .
Cows generate slightly more.
Cows get a helping hand from microscopic fungi too, to break down grass and hay.
Cows get big fake grins because flying is fun.
Cows get calcium.
Cows get calves.
Cows get choosy.
Cows get hot even in pack barns.
Cows get more exercise and it can be an important factor in reducing calving difficulties.
Cows get TMRs in the barn twice a day.
Cows give birth every three to five years.
Cows give birth to offspring.
Cows give birth to one or two calves during late spring or early summer.
Cows give birth usually every year to one tawny to buff-colored calf.
Cows give milk.
Cows go moo.
Cows go to water.
Cows go wading.
Cows grading Utility carry higher levels of condition.
Cows graze grass pasture.
Cows graze in fields.
Cows graze in pasture.
Cows graze new turf on 'Sorry' New directions can be dangerous.
Cows graze out square areas better.
Cows graze pasture.
Cows guard the summit.
Cows has-part stomachs.
Cows has-part tails.
Cows has-part teeth.
Cows have (part) beef.
Cows have (part) brains.
Cows have (part) breasts.
Cows have (part) cannon bones.
Cows have (part) cell membranes.
Cows have (part) cells.
Cows have (part) chest cavities.
Cows have (part) chests.
Cows have (part) corpi.
Cows have (part) cytoplasm.
Cows have (part) ears.
Cows have (part) faces.
Cows have (part) heads.
Cows have (part) hip sockets.
Cows have (part) hoofs.
Cows have (part) nipples.
Cows have (part) nuclei.
Cows have (part) piluses.
Cows have (part) plasma membranes.
Cows have (part) rib cages.
Cows have (part) second stomachs.
Cows have (part) sections.
Cows have (part) skulls.
Cows have (part) sterna.
Cows have (part) tits.
Cows have (part) vacuoles.
Cows have a closed circulatory system.
Cows have a dietary requirement for B vitamins.
Cows have a more recent common ancestor with lungfish than either does with salmon.
Cows have a nine-month pregnancy.
Cows have a varied diet.
Cows have a vulva, brown or black in color, below the anus.
Cows have access to silage ground after subsequent silage cuts.
Cows have an udder.
Cows have basic functions.
Cows have bowel movement.
Cows have brief exercise periods in confined lots.
Cows have calls.
Cows have calves and horses beget colts.
Cows have calves.
Cows have calves.
Cows have diets.
Cows have distinctive mate calls.
Cows have every right to be angry.
Cows have extra long arms and legs for extra hugging power or to pose on shelves.
Cows have eyes.
Cows have fields but passions in motion are the privilege of the human mind.
Cows have food.
Cows have FOUR compartments in their stomach to aid in digestion.
Cows have four stomachs, and the first three yield merchantable tripe.
Cows have four stomachs.
Cows have four-chambered stomachs.
Cows have functions.
Cows have horns.
Cows have I.D. tags to claim their owner in bidding.
Cows have intestines.
Cows have jaw movement.
Cows have legs.
Cows have mattresses in their free stalls to give maxmum comfort.
Cows have meat.
Cows have milk.
Cows have movement.
Cows have no tail head.
Cows have offspring.
Cows have only two, which seems the optimal number for walking through mud and over uneven surfaces.
Cows have overlapping ranges and are rarelyalone.
Cows have patterns.
Cows have peak water intake during the hours when feed intake is greatest.
Cows have properties.
Cows have rights, too.
Cows have small udders and short teats, while bulls' sheaths are also short.
Cows have spots.
Cows have stages.
Cows have stomachs.
Cows have strong maternal instincts and do cry and search for their babies for days.
Cows have superior udder quality and small teats.
Cows have the perfect life.
Cows have the right of way on the main road.
Cows have the same gestation period as human women - nine months.
Cows have their throats slit while hanging upside down.
Cows have to be able to last.
Cows have to be culled hard for production to avoid wasting feed.
Cows have to be milked each day.
Cows have to be milked twice a day, every day at the same time.
Cows have to be milked twice, sometimes three times a day.
Cows have to wait their turn.
Cows have trouble accessing the kudzu as it climbs steep hills, trees, and telephone poles.
Cows have varied tastes in music.
Cows have years.
Cows help convert grass and other forages into high-quality food for humans.
Cows help the butterflies by eating the non-native grasses, which allows the native plants to grow.
Cows here are big and fat, and grazing pretty thickly down in the lush green meadowlands.
Cows huddle in the field and turn their tails toward the coming storm.
Cows ignore it.
Cows include bulls.
Cows increase heat.
Cows ingest plants.
Cows interact with one another in socially complex ways.
Cows just walk around.
Cows kept by rural farmers in the enset growing area produce low quantities of milk.
Cows know all, see all, are all.
Cows know little of strict liability but do respect barbed wire.
Cows lead boring, uneventful lives.
Cows lead calves.
Cows lead cow calves.
Cows leave it in the same field where they eat grass.
Cows lift heads.
Cows like to eat green grass, hay and grain.
Cows like to lie down facing uphill slightly.
Cows likewise appear to thrive.
Cows live in areas.
Cows live lives of idleness, eating whenever they are hungry and facing no natural predators.
Cows live on a very rich animal protein diet.
Cows live outside all the time, in all kinds of weather.
Cows live outside year around, using trees as shelter when needed.
Cows love it.
Cows love to chew on grass and flowers, and our cow is no different.
Cows lower heads.
Cows mainly eat grass and hay.
Cows make a funny noise and have a sad, dopey face.
Cows make deep moans.
Cows make milk.
Cows make more cows and pigs make more pigs.
Cows measure a foot smaller and weigh one-third less.
Cows mount each other when they are in heat.
Cows move from the resting area to an identification station.
Cows need food.
Cows need water.
Cows never forget.
Cows normally expel the placenta within two to eight hours.
Cows occupy a unique role in human history.
Cows occupy places.
Cows occupy special places.
Cows offers many facilities only usually found in high dollar packages.
Cows offers many facilities only usually found in packages costing thousands of pounds.
Cows prefer grazing grasses over legumes and graze perennial ryegrass before tall fescue.
Cows prefer stalls without brisket boards and stall usage declines when boards are present.
Cows prefer to eat with their heads down, resembling a natural grazing position.
Cows prefer to stand in the water during summer so they can get cooling.
Cows prefer water.
Cows produce a great deal of manure that makes great fertilizer.
Cows produce a lot of methane gas.
Cows produce about one pound of methane for every two pounds of meat they yield.
Cows produce an incredible amount of methane gas, which directly contributes to global warming.
Cows produce calves.
Cows produce croaking calls when looking for their calves.
Cows produce heat when they digest food, a result of fermentation in their stomachs.
Cows produce less milk.
Cows produce manure.
Cows produce manure.
Cows produce methane which contributes to the thinning of the ozone layer surrounding the Earth.
Cows produce milk for seven to ten months after they freshen , or give birth.
Cows produce milk only so fast.
Cows produce milk over long periods of time.
Cows produce milk.
Cows produce more milk.
Cows produce single calves.
Cows produce the greatest amount of milk right after they give birth.
Cows produce, in large quantities, the miracle food, milk.
Cows producing milk lose OCs from their fat and become less contaminated.
Cows provide benefits.
Cows provide food.
Cows provide fresh milk for homemade cheeses, yogurts and butter.
Cows provide meat.
Cows provide milk, which is the source of daily products, including cheese, butter, and yogurt.
Cows provide milk.
Cows provide much of India's dairy requirements.
Cows raise calves.
Cows reach ages.
Cows reach productive ages.
Cows rear their own calves and all herd replacements are reared on farm.
Cows receive diets.
Cows receive estrogens.
Cows receive growth hormones.
Cows receive hormones.
Cows receive nutritious diets.
Cows receive synthetic hormones.
Cows receiving rbGH require more energy-dense food than control cows.
Cows reduce productivity.
Cows refuse to eat grain, then silage and finally hay.
Cows refuse to eat.
Cows refuse to let calves nurse.
Cows regulate body temperature.
Cows regulate temperature.
Cows regurgitate their breakfast and chew it two or three times.
Cows regurgitate their food and re-chew the cud to help digestion.
Cows remove nutrients from feed for metabolism and milk production.
Cows require a minimum of six tests.
Cows require adequate nutrition and rest post calving in order to cycle normally.
Cows require hay.
Cows require products.
Cows require proteins.
Cows require tails.
Cows respond much better to AI if they are worked quietly and gently.
Cows return to their barn.
Cows ride the space shuttle - the herd shot round the world.
Cows roam the pastures and provide a relaxing view from the windows of the hermitages.
Cows ruminate by the roadside.
Cows run on plants.
Cows run the world.
Cows see in purple as well as black and white.
Cows seek calves.
Cows seem tame.
Cows seem to be twenty feet high, And great cities are close by.
Cows seem to outnumber bulls by four or five to one.
Cows share landscapes.
Cows show their excitement when let out into a field after long periods confined indoors.
Cows show up anytime and anyplace.
Cows show various signs of difficult and painful walking behavior.
Cows sold to other producers for dairy purposes are also voluntary culls.
Cows speak out.
Cows spend much of their time chewing and digesting food.
Cows spin ponderously in the water and bellow in slow panic.
Cows spit their food up and chew it again.
Cows spread invasive weeds, diminish water quality, and disrupt the fish and wildlife.
Cows stay by themselves before giving birth.
Cows stay cleaner on pasture as long as they are rotated properly.
Cows stay in fields.
Cows stay in grassy fields.
Cows stay with the herd for life.
Cows step up on to a platform in an old stanchion barn and exit through the front.
Cows still are holy animals in some parts of the world, such as India.
Cows still go alive every day.
Cows suffer from heat stress just as some humans do.
Cows suffering from lameness can be in considerable pain.
Cows survive on diets.
Cows swing heads.
Cows tend to be calm and move carefully in the low areas.
Cows tend to drink all the time.
Cows tend to eat more feed in the cool of the night than during the day.
Cows tend to react the same way.
Cows tend to reduce intake with added fat to maintain a constant energy intake.
Cows tend to walk around slowly and aimlessly, mooing and breathing occasionally.
Cows to eat grass.
Cows turn their backs to the world.
Cows turn themselves inside out all the time.
Cows typically have yellow colored fat that is less preferred by the industry.
Cows use a loose mix more efficiently than a less expensive block.
Cows use for food.
Cows use their tail to swish away flies and can suffer immensely during fly season.
Cows voice their concerns.
Cows walk on and are milked while they travel around the carousel.
Cows walk on their hind legs, sheep talk, and horses burrow through the ground.
Cows wander through the streets and manage to look contemplative amidst the noise and action.
Cows weigh about a half-ton, while the bulls weigh half again to twice as much.
Cows weigh kgs.
Cows weigh lbs.
Cows weigh pounds.
Cows always know which way the wind is blowing from and point to it with their rears.
Cows always look so calm and gentle .
Cows always walk on the same path.
Cows frequently leave their newborn calves while they go off to feed.
Cows often begin migrating before they give birth to their calves.
Cows often get ulcers or sores on their udders.
Cows often give birth out in the field.
Cows often grace a nearby pasture.
Cows often leave the main herd when they give birth.
Cows often live in grassland-type habitats.
Cows often spawn in snowy and plains biomes .
Cows often suffer from a parasitic infection known as warble fly.
Cows usually alter their normal routine of behavior when approaching heat.
Cows usually conceive for the first time as three-year olds.
Cows usually drop in milk production and gain weight.
Cows usually eat more legumes than grasses at similar stages of maturity.
Cows usually give birth in isolation where vegetation provides cover.
Cows usually give birth in the spring.
Cows usually give birth to only one calf per year.
Cows usually have a calf every year.
Cows usually have one calf and, when butchered, produce a lot more meat.
Cows usually have one calf at a time.
Cows usually mate when two years old and bear their first calf at three years old.
All cows are bovine.
All cows are female.
All cows are free range, grass fed and treated humanely with care and respect.
All cows are mammals and have lungs.
All cows are purple.
All cows eat grass.
All cows have brown eyes.
All cows produce milk once they deliver a calf.
All cows take the course in their first or second semester.
Every cow is different from every other cow just as every human is different from any other.
Every cow is fated to die a horrible death by the butcher's knife.
Every cow is monitored at the operation with the use of a transponder identity tag.
Every cow is sacred to it's mother.
Every cow looks the same, there is no variation in coloration or weaponry at all.
Many cows are in love.
Many cows fall and break a leg.
More cows means more milk, manure and waste - tons of it.
Most cows are harvested for beef.
Most cows are inside pens.
Most cows are located on farms.
Most cows are mated several times.
Most cows bring calves.
Most cows can have offspring.
Most cows carry calves.
Most cows carry fetuses.
Most cows chew cuds.
Most cows decrease in milk production with advancing lactation.
Most cows defend calves.
Most cows deliver calves.
Most cows deliver healthy calves.
Most cows do become systemically ill and require antibiotic and adjunctive therapy.
Most cows do breed back that summer.
Most cows drink water.
Most cows eat buttercups.
Most cows eat diets.
Most cows eat fresh grass.
Most cows eat grain.
Most cows eat grass.
Most cows eat plant grass.
Most cows eat plants.
Most cows enjoy diets.
Most cows enjoy nutritious diets.
Most cows excrete manure.
Most cows feed on grass.
Most cows feed on plants.
Most cows gain weight.
Most cows get calcium.
Most cows get calves.
Most cows give birth to offspring.
Most cows give more milk when they listen to music.
Most cows go to water.
Most cows has-part stomachs.
Most cows has-part tails.
Most cows has-part teeth.
Most cows have a pattern of behavior that changes gradually from the beginning to the end of a heat.
Most cows have basic functions.
Most cows have bowel movement.
Most cows have calls.
Most cows have calves.
Most cows have diets.
Most cows have distinctive mate calls.
Most cows have eyes.
Most cows have food.
Most cows have functions.
Most cows have intestines.
Most cows have jaw movement.
Most cows have meat.
Most cows have milk.
Most cows have movement.
Most cows have offspring.
Most cows have patterns.
Most cows have properties.
Most cows have spots.
Most cows have stages.
Most cows have strong maternal instincts and they cry and search for their babies for days.
Most cows have years.
Most cows increase heat.
Most cows lead cow calves.
Most cows live in areas.
Most cows make milk.
Most cows occupy places.
Most cows occupy special places.
Most cows only have one offspring.
Most cows prefer a four percent slope from front to rear of the stall.
Most cows prefer water.
Most cows produce calves.
Most cows produce enough milk to adequately care for their young.
Most cows produce manure.
Most cows produce more colostrum than needed by their calf.
Most cows produce single calves.
Most cows provide benefits.
Most cows provide food.
Most cows provide meat.
Most cows provide milk.
Most cows raise calves.
Most cows reach ages.
Most cows reach productive ages.
Most cows receive diets.
Most cows receive estrogens.
Most cows receive growth hormones.
Most cows receive hormones.
Most cows receive nutritious diets.
Most cows receive synthetic hormones.
Most cows reduce productivity.
Most cows regulate body temperature.
Most cows regulate temperature.
Most cows require hay.
Most cows require products.
Most cows require proteins.
Most cows require tails.
Most cows seek calves.
Most cows stay in fields.
Most cows stay in grassy fields.
Most cows survive it and are well again within a few weeks.
Most cows survive on diets.
Most cows use for food.
Most cows weigh kgs.
Most cows weigh lbs.
Most cows weigh pounds.
Some cows also bawl, become restless, pace along a fence, and walk more in search of a bull.
Some cows are consumed by hedgehogs.
Some cows are faster or slower.
Some cows are in 'free-stall' barns where they are free to walk around the barn.
Some cows are more or less superior, it seems.
Some cows are more persistent than others.
Some cows are sick and old , and others are healthy and young .
Some cows are sick and old, and others are healthy and young.
Some cows are white and brown and some are white and black.
Some cows attain weight.
Some cows come from Asia.
Some cows come into heat.
Some cows die during years.
Some cows do develop uterine infections.
Some cows eat bread.
Some cows eat chickens.
Some cows eat hay.
Some cows eat leaves.
Some cows exhibit elevated somatic cell counts without ever showing clinical signs of mastitis.
Some cows experience normal temperature.
Some cows feed babies.
Some cows feed diets.
Some cows feed on herbages.
Some cows feed on mature herbages.
Some cows get chances.
Some cows go into heat.
Some cows graze in leaves.
Some cows graze in meadows.
Some cows graze on clover.
Some cows have a shortened estrus.
Some cows have antibodies in their colostrum against sheep red blood cells.
Some cows have beans.
Some cows have bells.
Some cows have difficulty.
Some cows have discharge.
Some cows have distinct sound.
Some cows have long periods.
Some cows have notions.
Some cows have nutrient requirements.
Some cows have periods.
Some cows have placentas.
Some cows have requirements.
Some cows have sound.
Some cows have tusks.
Some cows have twins.
Some cows have vocal sound.
Some cows increase heat production.
Some cows increase production.
Some cows leave calves.
Some cows live on farms.
Some cows lose heat.
Some cows never see a field.
Some cows produce hormones.
Some cows produce milk.
Some cows raise cattle.
Some cows reach maturity.
Some cows reach sexual maturity.
Some cows reach social maturity.
Some cows receive injections.
Some cows receive treatments.
Some cows regurgitate food.
Some cows reproduce at ages.
Some cows require disturbances.
Some cows shed antlers.
Some cows show weakness.
Some cows stand in water.
Some cows stand more of a chance.
Some cows stand on roads.
Some cows suffer from cysts.
Some cows turn into food.
Some cows use assessments.
Some cows use life cycle assessments.
A coward is a person
Coward aim behind none office supplies.
Coward begin onto most sky whether greet health plans.
Coward bind an lingerie down student.
Coward cause beyond none trial yet costing bodybuilding diet.
Coward intend along the edge finally sow mysteries of evolution.
Coward is a short but brilliant film about trench warfare.
Coward is to blame for the lack of drama, the feeble dialogue and unreality of the situation.
Coward isa individual.
Coward isa person.
Coward isa somebody.
Coward isa someone.
Coward unisys aquanta.
Coward wash Field into little information until any awards.
Cowards are afraid.
Cowards are apt to cling in a servile manner to old customs.
Cowards are first to be mentioned for condemnation.
Cowards are jealous, embittered and distrustful.
Cowards are more interesting.
Cowards are people who succumb to their fears.
Cowards are people.
Cowards are the same the world over.
Cowards can float down stream.
Cowards cry 'tis best to fly and fight another day.
Cowards die a thousand deaths, and the brave die but once.
Cowards die many times before their death, but the valiant only taste of death but once.
Cowards die many times before their death.
Cowards die many times before their deaths.
Cowards die many times indeed and some deaths can be more painful than others.
Cowards die many times.
Cowards die often.
Cowards have (part) arms.
Cowards have (part) body substances.
Cowards have (part) cell membranes.
Cowards have (part) cells.
Cowards have (part) corpi.
Cowards have (part) cytoplasm.
Cowards have (part) heads.
Cowards have (part) human bodies.
Cowards have (part) legs.
Cowards have (part) material bodies.
Cowards have (part) necks.
Cowards have (part) nuclei.
Cowards have (part) personality.
Cowards have (part) plasma membranes.
Cowards have (part) sections.
Cowards have (part) vacuoles.
Cowards hide behind lies, and they make the scandal worse by doing so.
Cowards hide behind pseudonyms.
Cowards infect others too with the contagion of their own fear.
Cowards is what they are.
Cowards kill women and children.
Cowards live their deaths many times in their minds before they die.
Cowards Love with loss rewardeth.
Cowards stay at home and watch tv.
Cowards take the low road of drug addiction and gang membership.
Cowards tend to think they know what's best for everyone else.
Cowards walk away when they'd really rather stay.
Any coward can be cruel or rude, but it takes strength and confidence to be kind and polite.
Some cowards receive calls.
Some cowards write drama.
Some cowards write in diaries.
Cowardice is a human characteristic.
Cowardice is a powerful emotion and it has been proven that no good usually comes from being afraid.
Cowardice is a strong word, but at times, it borders on that.
Cowardice is an inordinate care of one's own safety, a thing that one is bound to have some care of.
Cowardice is dishonorable.
Cowardice is easy.
Cowardice is spirit
Cowardice is spirit.
Cowardice is wholly inconsistent with non-violence.
Cowardice means maximum effectiveness to satan and crew.
Cowardice nourishes it, and fear perpetuates it.
Cowardliness arises in hiding behind deceptive facades and camouflages throughout the media.
Cowardliness is spirit
Cowardly politicians play on people's fears and hatreds and perpetuate the crime of punishment.
A cowbell is a bell
Cowbells are in constant concert as they echo from valley to valley.
Cowbells rang in both the loft and the foyer.
Cowbird control is controversial.
Cowbird control is expensive.
Cowbird control is very expensive and somewhat controversial.
Cowbird eggs are whitish, with brown and gray spots.
Cowbird parasitism is a serious threat to many songbirds.
A cowbird is a blackbird
Cowbird chicks hatch a day before any warbler eggs, and are much larger than warbler chicks.
Cowbirds also cause problems.
Cowbirds also eat insects, particularly grasshoppers, beetles and caterpillars.
Cowbirds also have heavily parasitized nests of the red-eyed vireo and parula warbler.
Cowbirds are birds.
Cowbirds are feeder visitors, but more so in snowstorms.
Cowbirds are natives of the North American plains.
Cowbirds are only one source of nesting mortality.
Cowbirds are six to eight inches long, with short, conical bills and short tails.
Cowbirds are smaller and have a shorter bill than other blackbirds.
Cowbirds are smaller with more conical bills.
Cowbirds are the only obligate brood parasites in North America.
Cowbirds are, to a certain extent, dependent upon food provided by humans and livestock operations.
Cowbirds don t build nests.
Cowbirds eat insects associated with cattle.
Cowbirds enjoy sitting on bison heads.
Cowbirds feed in open areas on the grain and waste of farms.
Cowbirds feed primarily on weed seeds and insects, often in association with grazing livestock.
Cowbirds fly directly, with constant wingbeats.
Cowbirds follow cattle and lay their eggs in the nest of nearby songbirds.
Cowbirds follow the bison, catching the grasshoppers that jump from the bisons' hooves.
Cowbirds have two types of songs, perched songs and whistles.
Cowbirds look innocent enough.
Cowbirds Meet the bird that needs no human introductions.
Cowbirds migrate in large flocks in spring and fall.
Cowbirds occasionally parasitize nests in nestboxes.
Cowbirds prefer to hang out in open fields and parasitize many nests along forest edges.
Cowbirds quickly move into any area where people cut trees or plant crops.
Cowbirds show higher parasitism of nests in small woodlots compared to larger ones.
Cowbirds tend to parasitize birds smaller in size than themselves.
Cowboy action shooting at it's finest.
Cowboy atmosphere prevails in the large and lively restaurant that's geared to family dining.
Cowboy baseball signs twelve in early signing period.
Cowboy beans are just the right consistency for ladling on rice.
A cowboy boot is a boot
Cowboy boots are a truly American fashion statement.
Cowboy boots are boots.
Cowboy boots are definitely out.
Cowboy boots are for show and for riding - and a different type of boot for each.
Cowboy boots are great.
Cowboy boots rest, sans wearer, in the stirrups.
Cowboy building is all about the black economy.
Cowboy culture has a long-standing oral tradition.
Cowboy culture is an important part of the identity of ranching regions.
Cowboy culture is celebrated with rodeos, free pancake feeds, and country music.
Cowboy fashion changes albeit slowly and modestly.
A cowboy hat is a hat
Cowboy hats abound in the stands and outside the playing field.
Cowboy hats are hats.
Cowboy hats look pretty gay on some people.
Every cowboy hat holds a story.
Cowboy motif abounds in bedroom and adjoining private bath with jetted tub.
Cowboy musicians perform at a variety of events.
Cowboy numbers are down.
Cowboy poets are poets.
Cowboy poets have something to say.
Cowboy poetry is a true North American art, like jazz.
Cowboy poetry is an art form unlike any other.
Cowboy poetry is much older than rap.
Cowboy shoots are a great family activity involving practice and skill.
Cowboy shooting is for adults who never grew up.
Cowboy shooting is one of the fastest growing shooting sports on the scene today.
Cowboy shooting is very relaxing.
Some cowboy songs exist in differing versions, one traditional and one written.
Cowboy wages remain low.
A cowboy is a ranch hand
Cowboy isa workman.
Cowboys also employ sirens to scare the birds.
Cowboys also race with chuckwagons at the Stampede .
Cowboys also race with chuckwagons at the Stampede.
Cowboys amble by, their sombreros protecting against the strong noonday sun.
Cowboys are a major part of American folklore.
Cowboys are adventurers.
Cowboys are advocates of the land.
Cowboys are alone on the range.
Cowboys are brutal.
Cowboys are capable of smoke tobacco.
Cowboys are cowboys wherever they go, despite the fact that some are now world-renowned superstars.
Cowboys are football teams.
Cowboys are in no way attractive or appealing.
Cowboys are in position to win the conference title.
Cowboys are kind.
Cowboys are located in horses.
Cowboys are macho and simple-minded.
Cowboys are North America's real heroes.
Cowboys are notoriously taciturn.
Cowboys are outlaws.
Cowboys are performers.
Cowboys are sensitive.
Cowboys are simultaneously more than what they seem and exactly as simple as they look.
Cowboys are the supposed lesser beings from Texas.
Cowboys bootstrap their way to success.
Cowboys call all cattle cows, even bulls and calves.
Cowboys catch horses.
Cowboys come to town on their horses.
Cowboys compete for both trophies and glory.
Cowboys compete for pride, prestige, awards and cash prizes.
Cowboys compete in bull riding, bareback riding, saddle bronc, steer wrestling, and calf roping.
Cowboys dance every dance as long as their bladders and feet hold out.
Cowboys dance with wolves.
Cowboys Dare to be different.
Cowboys don t like fences.
Cowboys dress for function.
Cowboys dress for functional style.
Cowboys drift from ranch to ranch, building up a stake and then pressing on.
Cowboys drink it dark, hot, and strong as iron filings.
Cowboys drive and push their herds from behind.
Cowboys drive cattle.
Cowboys earn their living on cattle drives.
Cowboys eat grilled vegetable fajitas.
Cowboys eat pork and beans.
Cowboys fall in some statistical categories Nothing like a bad game to affect the stats.
Cowboys find prehistoric dinosaurs and try to cash in.
Cowboys furnish their own equipment.
Cowboys gather round, and watch the fire die down.
Cowboys get to keep their hats on in the Steakhouse.
Cowboys handle anything horny.
Cowboys hats night cowboys hats cowboys hats chin Expression suppose over either cowboys hats.
Cowboys have (part) arms.
Cowboys have (part) body substances.
Cowboys have (part) cell membranes.
Cowboys have (part) cells.
Cowboys have (part) corpi.
Cowboys have (part) cytoplasm.
Cowboys have (part) heads.
Cowboys have (part) human bodies.
Cowboys have (part) legs.
Cowboys have (part) material bodies.
Cowboys have (part) necks.
Cowboys have (part) nuclei.
Cowboys have (part) personality.
Cowboys have (part) plasma membranes.
Cowboys have (part) sections.
Cowboys have (part) vacuoles.
Cowboys have one more week to work on new offense.
Cowboys have principles.
Cowboys have to know how to rope and brand a steer in order to ride the range.
Cowboys have to know how to rope and brand a steer to ride the range.
Cowboys have to rope, saddle and then try to ride a wild horse.
Cowboys have to start somewhere.
Cowboys increase in western states as former soldiers, seeking work, move west.
Cowboys just love to be alive and live it all for what they love.
Cowboys leave women at home, wringing their hands.
Cowboys light up cigarettes by an open fire in the early morning.
Cowboys like cattle.
Cowboys like dogs.
Cowboys like food.
Cowboys like horses.
Cowboys like to eat with their hats on.
Cowboys lose both games, missing the playoffs.
Cowboys lose on a late fourth-quarter touchdown.
Cowboys lose three straight, then starting quarterback.
Cowboys love the wide-open country.
Cowboys love to ramble on about their work.
Cowboys move cattle toward a branding area.
Cowboys move the herds up valley to summer pasture and down again in the fall.
Cowboys never die, they just fade into the sunset.
Cowboys now are ranch hands who drive utility Jeeps and wear baseball caps to round up their cattle.
Cowboys politely tip well-worn hats as the pass.
Cowboys prefer Wyoming.
Cowboys pride themselves on their individuality.
Cowboys push the herd out of the brush.
Cowboys read newspapers here.
Cowboys ride from sunrise to sunset working the herd and the land.
Cowboys ride horses.
Cowboys ride the range with their wives.
Cowboys riding bucking horses and bulls are a regular feature of the all day affair.
Cowboys saunter into town, some on horseback, others with their lassoes.
Cowboys seem only to know how to play when they're in pain.
Cowboys shoot wolves.
Cowboys sing of their adventures and of a better life in the hereafter.
Cowboys spend a lot of time out where the skies are dark, and so do astronomers.
Cowboys split training camp.
Cowboys start young.
Cowboys still come from all over Texas to prove their skills in the weekly rodeos during the summer.
Cowboys still drive cattle high up into the mountains to feed on lush summer grasses.
Cowboys still drive cattle right through the middle of town.
Cowboys still roam the land and ride their horses across the western terrain.
Cowboys still work the range, but their efforts are enhanced at round up time by a helicopter.
Cowboys stream in from as far as Montana while the little children run up and down the aisles.
Cowboys sweep doubleheader and advance to the conference tournament.
Cowboys think of themselves as humorless.
Cowboys use signals to direct their horses.
Cowboys wear hats, accountants wear suits and bikers wear tattoos.
Cowboys win sixth straight.
Cowboys win third in a row.
Cowboys work alone.
Cowboys work for the rancher, usually for a monthly wage plus a house and beef.
Cowboys often work with horses to herd cattle and sheep.
All cowboys are pigs.
Any cowboy can carry a tune.
Every cowboy fears a stampede on a cattle drive.
Every cowboy needs a good pair of jeans.
Most cowboys drive cattle.
Most cowboys ride horses.
Most cowboys use the initials of their name, business or their ranch.
Some cowboys carry only one.
Some cowboys help cattle.
Some cowboys just do ranch work, others are showmen who just rodeo.
Some cowboys raise horses.
Some cowboys rely on coffee.
Some cowboys rest on horses.
Cowden disease is associated with polyps in the stomach and intestine.
A cowfish is a bony fish
Cowfish are poisonous when eaten and seem to have very few predators.
A cowgirl is a cowboy
Cowgirl is great too, but cowgirl is sex-y.
Cowgirls are cowboys.
Cowgirls are special when they follow their dreams.
Cowgirls compete in barrel racing, break away roping, and goat tying.
Cowgirls compete in the women's barrel racing event.
Cowgirls do the same in barrel racing.
Cowgirls drop two of three during first weekend of volleyball action.
Cowgirls Fall To No.
Cowgirls Get Blues only when directed improperly.
Cowgirls get job done in singles.
Cowgirls have no luck as they drop their third straight.
Cowgirls knock off Yellow Jackets From staff and correspondent reports.
Cowgirls like to ride bareback.
Cowgirls lose nail-biter in last seconds.
Cowgirls often wear different colored socks on each foot, for luck.
A cowhand is a ranch hand
Cowhands are always glad when the chore of burning the prairie is over.
Cowhands generally have their own definition of fun and challenge.
COWI leaders have to motivate and engage, create confidence and a sense of security.
Cowles lives in Victoria, British Columbia.
Cowles monograph on linear programming and general equilibrium theory.
Cowles offers a money-back guarantee.
Cowles offers Web sites to aid in student research.
Cowles provides authoritative editorial content and is lead by a strong management team.
Cowles recalls the hyperbaric chamber as something like a two-person submarine.
Cowles resides in Geneva.
A cowlick is hair
Cowlicks are inherent to humans and animals.
Cowlicks are really amusing things.
Cowlicks seem to be involved in issues other than looking good and keeping a fashionable hairstyle.
A cowman is a ranch hand
Cowman isa workman.
Cowman takes visitors on a twisted version of a show-home tour.
Cowmen have (part) arms.
Cowmen have (part) body substances.
Cowmen have (part) cell membranes.
Cowmen have (part) cells.
Cowmen have (part) corpi.
Cowmen have (part) cytoplasm.
Cowmen have (part) heads.
Cowmen have (part) human bodies.
Cowmen have (part) legs.
Cowmen have (part) material bodies.
Cowmen have (part) necks.
Cowmen have (part) nuclei.
Cowmen have (part) personality.
Cowmen have (part) plasma membranes.
Cowmen have (part) sections.
Cowmen have (part) vacuoles.
A cowpea is a legume
Cowpea also provides a source of forage.
Cowpea intercrop growth and yield as affected by time of planting relative to millet.
Cowpea is the leading cash crop, produced mainly for export to Nigeria.
Cowpeas are legumes and come in several varieties which are very attractive to deer.
Cowpeas are legumes.
Cowpeas are palatable and nutritious both for pasture and hay.
Cowpeas are part of cowpeas.
Cowpeas are plants.
Cowpeas grow during the humid rainy seaso in the tropics and sub-tropics.
Cowrie shells are a special part of many native African rituals.
Cowrie shells are also randomly attached to the fibers.
Cowrie shells indicate wealth and symbolize women.
A cowrie is an univalve
Cowries are all safe to handle, unlike their cone shell cousins.
Cowries live under rocks and feed on algae at night.
Cowry shells are highly unusual at archaeological sites in the Midwest.
Cowry shells are highly valued and are used to represent eyes.
A cowry is an univalve
Cowries epitomize the large and rapid evolutionary radiations that so characterize the region.
Cows milk is an excellent source of calcium, which is an important nutrient.
Cows milk is designed to bring a baby calf to the size of a full grown cow in one year.
Cowshed isa barn.
Cowsheds have (part) bases.
Cowsheds have (part) boilers.
Cowsheds have (part) ceilings.
Cowsheds have (part) courtyards.
Cowsheds have (part) doorknobs.
Cowsheds have (part) doorsteps.
Cowsheds have (part) elevator cars.
Cowsheds have (part) elevators.
Cowsheds have (part) floors.
Cowsheds have (part) foundation stones.
Cowsheds have (part) foyers.
Cowsheds have (part) hinges.
Cowsheds have (part) interior doors.
Cowsheds have (part) readsides.
Cowsheds have (part) roof peaks.
Cowsheds have (part) roofs.
Cowsheds have (part) room light.
Cowsheds have (part) sections.
Cowsheds have (part) staircases.
Cowsheds have (part) stairs.
Cowsheds have (part) walls.
Cowsheds have (part) window frames.
Cowsheds have (part) windowpanes.
Cowsheds have (part) windows.
Cox cable has a cable modem FAQ list.
A cox is a seaman
Cox avoids sledgehammer approachs and unrealistic outcomes, so the lesson is quite palatable.
Cox deals with the accounting, legal, and personnel.
Cox demands intense and continual prayer.
Cox designs programs that meet the professional and cultural needs of participants.
Cox estimates current membership at ten and growing.
Cox isa sailor.
Cox lives in California.
Cox manages all activities at the greenhouse, which is predominately research oriented.
Cox plans on opening a computer consulting firm.
COX plays on the gridiron like a guitar.
Cox recruits members of the local academic community to help develop and facilitate the gatherings.
Cox sees chance to finish dike work.
Cox shows how ordinary people can perform extraordinarily in their personal and professional lives.
Cox takes privacy very seriously.
Cox takes special pride in our machine wiring and panel building.
Cox tends to move very carefully.
Cox urges city plan highways.
Cox walks slowly across the field.
Cox warns employers to be careful when formulating a usage policy.
Cox winds up.
Coxes also begin to squint a lot, no loss in vision, they just squint.
Coxs have (part) arms.
Coxs have (part) body substances.
Coxs have (part) cell membranes.
Coxs have (part) cells.
Coxs have (part) corpi.
Coxs have (part) cytoplasm.
Coxs have (part) heads.
Coxs have (part) human bodies.
Coxs have (part) legs.
Coxs have (part) material bodies.
Coxs have (part) necks.
Coxs have (part) nuclei.
Coxs have (part) personality.
Coxs have (part) plasma membranes.
Coxs have (part) sections.
Coxs have (part) vacuoles.
A coxsackievirus is an enterovirus
Coxsackieviruses are an enteric virus of particular interest.
Coxsackieviruses are common human viruses that usually do little harm.
Coxsackieviruses are enteroviruses, common human viruses that usually do little harm.
Coxsackieviruses are enteroviruses.
A coxswain is a seaman
Coxswain gives command while the crew is rowing.
Coxswain guides the crew during movement.
Coxswains are a mix between a quarterback and a jockey.
Coxswains are a vital part of any crew.
Coxswains are also people who are essential to a successful boat.
Coxswains are athletes.
Coxswains are exempt from entry fees, trailering costs and boat rental.
Coxswains are exempt.
Coxswains are helmsmans.
Coxswains are well qualified to meet the demands at most stations, even in heavy weather conditions.
Coxswains are workers.
Coxswains call to take a certain number of power strokes.
Coxswains have no weight requirements for The Head of the Red.
Most coy coyotes know better than be caught by one or more defending wolves.
A coydog is a coyote
Coydogs are even more liable to attack farm and domestic animals than are coyotes.
Coydogs are extremely fast and agile and can make good hunters.
Coydogs are the offspring of a male coyote and a female domestic dog.
Coydogs are very rare mainly because of the limited breeding season of the coyotes.
Coydogs vary in appearance, depending upon which dogs they have been bred with.
Coydogs usually have very piercing eyes.
Coyote Creek is a highly irreverent comic strip that's updated daily.
Coyote Creek is a river no matter what they say.
Coyote predation creates crises.
Coyote predation has effects.
Coyote predation has negative effects.
Coyote predation has significant effects.
Coyote predation has significant negative effects.
Coyote pups have legs.
Coyote pups weigh pounds.
Coyote Valley is an empty palette and is an opportunity to develop as a model city.
Coyote Valley is one of the last pieces left.
A coyote is a wolf
Coyote fear wraps locals, experts downplay threat.
Coyote isa wolf.
Coyotes act as keystone predators in some systems and mesopredators in others.
Coyotes actually help farmers by eating rodents that feed on farmers' crops.
Coyotes adapt to neighborhoods.
Coyotes adapt to residential neighborhoods.
Coyotes advertise their location with smells and sounds, such as howling or yapping.
Coyotes also can be a threat.
Coyotes also carry infectious diseases.
Coyotes also carry their tails quite differently than wolves.
Coyotes also eat fruit and insects.
Coyotes also eat their eggs.
Coyotes also feed on carrion.
Coyotes also have extremely broad food habits.
Coyotes also have very keen senses of smell and hearing.
Coyotes also jump fences.
Coyotes also kill calves, goats, and deer.
Coyotes also occur as far north as Alaska and Canada.
Coyotes also prey on mountain beavers following forest fires and heavy logging activity.
Coyotes also prey on unprotected sheep and occasionally on weakened deer.
Coyotes also prey on unprotected sheep and occasionally on weekend deer.
Coyotes also thrive in suburban settings and even some urban ones.
Coyotes are a natural pest control, feasting on mice, squirrels and other overabundant animals.
Coyotes are a predator.
Coyotes are a relatively recent invader of the Southeast and now occur throughout the region.
Coyotes are a small dog-like mammal.
Coyotes are a very adaptable animal and have found a niche in urbanization.
Coyotes are a wild member of the dog family.
Coyotes are about as big as medium-size dogs, though they are smaller than wolves.
Coyotes are about the same size as domestic collies.
Coyotes are abundant in the province, especially in the prairie, parkland and foothills regions.
Coyotes are abundant in the southwest and in Colossal Cave Mountain Park.
Coyotes are actually more likely to prey upon a domestic dog instead of mating with it.
Coyotes are adaptable predators, found in most open habitats.
Coyotes are also frequent visitors to the park.
Coyotes are also smaller than wolves, but bigger than foxes.
Coyotes are amazingly intelligent.
Coyotes are an endangered species in Texas.
Coyotes are an extremely adaptable wildlife species that has survived well in urban environments.
Coyotes are an extremely adaptable wildlife species that survives well in urban environments.
Coyotes are at the top of the mammalian food chain here in the Humber Valley.
Coyotes are attracted by bread, table scraps, and even seed.
Coyotes are beneficial in catching numerous mice, rats, and other agricultural pests.
Coyotes are both predators and scavengers, and mainly nocturnal.
Coyotes are capable of breeding at one year of age but do so infrequently.
Coyotes are carnivores.
Coyotes are cautious when they are coming in to a call.
Coyotes are clever enough to trick other animals.
Coyotes are clever, highly adaptable, and are among one of the greatest survivors of all time.
Coyotes are common in all habitats.
Coyotes are common in Calgary.
Coyotes are common in Southeast Missouri.
Coyotes are considered furbearing game animals.
Coyotes are digitigrades meaning they walk with only their toes touching the ground.
Coyotes are easier to snare than trap, in the deep winter snow.
Coyotes are easier to snare then trap in deep winter snow.
Coyotes are especially wary of humans in places where they are hunted or trapped.
Coyotes are essentially nocturnal but can occasionally be seen during daylight hours.
Coyotes are essentially solitary in some parts of North America, but relatively social in others.
Coyotes are established throughout all of the United States.
Coyotes are excellent teachers, providers and protectors of their families.
Coyotes are extremely adaptable and can survive on whatever food is available.
Coyotes are extremely agile and can change course in mid-step.
Coyotes are extremely intelligent.
Coyotes are extremely versatile predators and scavengers.
Coyotes are extremely wary of humans, although they can become habituated to people if fed.
Coyotes are familiar creatures in the Columbia Basin.
Coyotes are flexible and adaptable in their habitat requirements.
Coyotes are for the most part scavengers and rodent eaters.
Coyotes are formidable in the field where they enjoy keen vision and a strong sense of smell.
Coyotes are frequent scavengers.
Coyotes are habitat generalists, with no preference for any specific habitat type.
Coyotes are helpful to the farmer because they eats groundhogs during the summer.
Coyotes are here but much less of a problem.
Coyotes are here to stay.
Coyotes are highly social animals, living and hunting in packs.
Coyotes are intelligent animals and are difficult to catch.
Coyotes are intelligent animals, able to adapt their behavior and diet to most situations.
Coyotes are intelligent, adaptable creatures with many interesting habits.
Coyotes are known to eat cats.
Coyotes are legal game during deer season.
Coyotes are like serial killers.
Coyotes are likely to decline, perhaps steeply.
Coyotes are mainly active at night or twilight.
Coyotes are mammals.
Coyotes are masters at running at various speeds depending on their moods and conditions.
Coyotes are medium in size.
Coyotes are monogamous.
Coyotes are more likely to attack sheep in unlighted corrals than in corrals with lights.
Coyotes are most active at dawn and dusk.
Coyotes are most active at night and during the early morning and late evening hours.
Coyotes are most active at night and in the early morning.
Coyotes are most active from just before sunset until shortly after sunrise.
Coyotes are much bolder at night than during the day.
Coyotes are much less brave during the day.
Coyotes are naturally shy of man and help to keep small animal and rodent populations under control.
Coyotes are nature's ventriloquists.
Coyotes are no threat to cattle, and ranchers backed off their war against the resilient canines.
Coyotes are nocturnal and typically hunt either alone or in pairs.
Coyotes are nocturnal.
Coyotes are omnivores, meaning they eat a wide assortment of food.
Coyotes are omnivores, meaning they eat both meat and vegetation.
Coyotes are omnivores.
Coyotes are omnivorous eating a wide variety of plant and animals.
Coyotes are one of nature's most adaptable animals.
Coyotes are one of the most adaptable canines on the planet.
Coyotes are one of the most widespread species in North America.
Coyotes are one of the noisiest animals in North America.
Coyotes are opportunistic and generally take prey that is the easiest to secure.
Coyotes are opportunistic feeders.
Coyotes are opportunistic predators that are found throughout most of North America.
Coyotes are opportunists and survivors, doing well in any environment.
Coyotes are opportunists, and llamas take that opportunity away.
Coyotes are pack animals, and a female usually has six pups.
Coyotes are plentiful both in town and around the valley.
Coyotes are predominantly brownish gray in color with a light gray to cream-colored belly.
Coyotes are predominantly gray in color, with a light gray to cream-colored belly.
Coyotes are pretty common, even in the suburbs.
Coyotes are primarily nocturnal but can occasionally be seen during daylight hours.
Coyotes are primarily nocturnal, but can often be seen during daylight hours.
Coyotes are probably here to stay.
Coyotes are professionals.
Coyotes are recent residents of Alaska.
Coyotes are related to foxes.
Coyotes are relatively common to the area.
Coyotes are remarkably interesting.
Coyotes are renowned opportunists and very adaptable.
Coyotes are responsible for more damage than all other predators combined.
Coyotes are scavengers, too.
Coyotes are serious scavengers through and through.
Coyotes are skilled hunters.
Coyotes are small mammals, about the size of a medium-sized dog.
Coyotes are smaller than grey wolves, but overlap in size with the red wolf and the domestic dog.
Coyotes are smaller than wolves and are sometimes called prairie wolves or brush wolves.
Coyotes are smart.
Coyotes are smarter.
Coyotes are smugglers.
Coyotes are solitary creatures and mark their territory with urine.
Coyotes are sometimes confused with other wild animals such as red or gray foxes.
Coyotes are subject to and can be infectious reservoirs for a large number of diseases.
Coyotes are surprisingly timid animals, but they are often misunderstood by rural homeowners.
Coyotes are territorial animals.
Coyotes are territorial during the bulk of the year.
Coyotes are the best runners of all the canids.
Coyotes are the leading cause of predation losses in the sheep and goat industry.
Coyotes are the most maligned mammal in the United States.
Coyotes are the most numerous and successful predators in North America.
Coyotes are the only canine wearing radio collars with whip antenna's.
Coyotes are the primary hosts for the deadly virus.
Coyotes are the primary predator of fawns in Arizona.
Coyotes are the primary predators of fawns.
Coyotes are the size of a medium-size dog, but with longer, thicker fur.
Coyotes are too elusive to be controlled using the government's methods.
Coyotes are typically out because they're looking for food.
Coyotes are unprotected, and there is little emphasis on research.
Coyotes are usually about half the size of wolves and they have larger ears and longer noses.
Coyotes are usually active at night, but are often seen early in the morning.
Coyotes are usually lone animals, living with their offspring only part of the year.
Coyotes are very adaptable and opportunistic animals.
Coyotes are very important in the control of the rodent population.
Coyotes are very mobile and can probably escape most fires.
Coyotes are very popular.
Coyotes are very quick creatures.
Coyotes are very smart and opportunistic.
Coyotes are very sociable animals and frequently play with each other.
Coyotes are very vocal.
Coyotes are vocal animals which are often heard howling at dusk.
Coyotes are wild canines, with dog or wolf-like features.
Coyotes are wild members of the dog family, intermediate in size between red foxes and wolves.
Coyotes are wolfs.
Coyotes are, on the whole, monogamous, and couples remain together for many years.
Coyotes attain body weight.
Coyotes attain weight.
Coyotes become adults.
Coyotes become carnivores.
Coyotes become pests.
Coyotes bite prey.
Coyotes bite through and pull to tear away the flesh.
Coyotes breed according to their food source.
Coyotes breed each winter and give birth in the spring to substantial litters of four to six pups.
Coyotes can adapt to almost any environment, but prefer the prairies and low foothills.
Coyotes can also be a harm to ranchers by killing off livestock.
Coyotes can also carry rabies.
Coyotes can also mate with dogs.
Coyotes can be predators of domestic sheep.
Coyotes can breed with both domestic dogs and wolves.
Coyotes can breed with wolves and domestic dogs.
Coyotes can easily leap an eight foot fence or wall.
Coyotes can eliminate colonies if islands become connected to shore.
Coyotes can however be active any time of the day or night.
Coyotes can interbreed with dogs to produce coydogs, larger, smarter and more dangerous.
Coyotes can live in deserts, grasslands, forests, swamps, farmlands, and urban and suburban areas.
Coyotes can live in urban areas as long as food and shelter is available.
Coyotes can often live six to eight years in the wild.
Coyotes can subsist on virtually any type of food.
Coyotes can survive in urban areas as long as there is food and shelter available.
Coyotes care for their young and are relatively long lived.
Coyotes carry parasites.
Coyotes catch animals.
Coyotes catch prey.
Coyotes catch rodents.
Coyotes come into contact.
Coyotes commonly defecate in the middle of roads.
Coyotes communicate by howling.
Coyotes communicate in a variety of ways.
Coyotes communicate through a series of yips, barks, and howls.
Coyotes compensate for that heavy harvest by breeding at younger ages and having larger litters.
Coyotes compensate for unusually high mortality by having larger litters.
Coyotes compete with wolves over big game kills, and the wolves are the larger of the two.
Coyotes contribute to the health of many prey species by keeping populations in check.
Coyotes create a variety of vocalizations.
Coyotes cross environments.
Coyotes cross ground.
Coyotes cross pasture.
Coyotes defend territory.
Coyotes devour rats.
Coyotes die from many natural and man-made causes.
Coyotes dig habitats.
Coyotes display abnormal behavior.
Coyotes display behavior.
Coyotes do have a social order, with certain individuals having dominance over others.
Coyotes do howl.
Coyotes do occasionally breed with domestic dogs, but it is unusual.
Coyotes do tend to found around the deer.
Coyotes dominate the better territiories where the two species are both found.
Coyotes dominate the better territories where the two species are both found.
Coyotes drink any available water, from rivers, ponds or puddles.
Coyotes eat animals like rabbits, moles, ground squirrels, voles, and chipmunks.
Coyotes eat animals.
Coyotes eat anything.
Coyotes eat berries.
Coyotes eat birds.
Coyotes eat calves and dogs and kittens.
Coyotes eat chickens, lambs, and . . .
Coyotes eat food.
Coyotes eat large numbers of small rodents and act as scavengers by consuming carrion .
Coyotes eat livestock.
Coyotes eat mammals.
Coyotes eat meat.
Coyotes eat mice, gophers, rabbits, lizards, small birds, and sometimes deer.
Coyotes eat pet food.
Coyotes eat prey.
Coyotes eat rabbits, and hence they are the primary obstacles to increases in the rabbit population.
Coyotes eat rabbits.
Coyotes eat reptiles.
Coyotes eat rodents and sometimes small deer and elk.
Coyotes eat rodents.
Coyotes eat sheep.
Coyotes eat small animals.
Coyotes eat small mammals, reptiles, frogs, snakes, insects, fish and deer.
Coyotes eat small rodents that inhabit the desert.
Coyotes eat the baits and become immune to rabies.
Coyotes eat two to three pounds of food a day.
Coyotes eat voles.
Coyotes eat wild berries.
Coyotes emerge from dens.
Coyotes enjoy porcupines and turtles and cactus fruit.
Coyotes enter adulthood.
Coyotes establish territory.
Coyotes exhibit reaction.
Coyotes exist in areas.
Coyotes experience growth.
Coyotes experience rapid growth.
Coyotes fall somewhere in between the other two members of the family.
Coyotes feed in fields.
Coyotes feed off a carcass.
Coyotes feed on a variety of animals including rabbits, mice, deer, birds and insects.
Coyotes feed on mammals.
Coyotes feed on small mammals like voles, rabbits, mice, and squirrels.
Coyotes feed on small mammals.
Coyotes follow regular paths and crossing places.
Coyotes follow tracks.
Coyotes form strong family groups.
Coyotes freeze, listen, pounce on ground squirrels.
Coyotes generally feed at night.
Coyotes give birth to coyotes.
Coyotes give birth to offspring.
Coyotes give birth to predators.
Coyotes give their offspring parental care.
Coyotes go to water.
Coyotes grow surprisingly fast and reach their full size within one year of birth.
Coyotes has-part ears.
Coyotes has-part eyes.
Coyotes has-part legs.
Coyotes has-part tails.
Coyotes has-part teeth.
Coyotes have (part) brains.
Coyotes have (part) breasts.
Coyotes have (part) cell membranes.
Coyotes have (part) cells.
Coyotes have (part) chest cavities.
Coyotes have (part) chests.
Coyotes have (part) corpi.
Coyotes have (part) cytoplasm.
Coyotes have (part) faces.
Coyotes have (part) heads.
Coyotes have (part) nuclei.
Coyotes have (part) pads.
Coyotes have (part) paws.
Coyotes have (part) piluses.
Coyotes have (part) plasma membranes.
Coyotes have (part) rib cages.
Coyotes have (part) sections.
Coyotes have (part) skulls.
Coyotes have (part) sterna.
Coyotes have (part) vacuoles.
Coyotes have a long, bushy black tipped tail that usually hanging down.
Coyotes have a long, bushy, black-tipped tail that is usually carried pointing down.
Coyotes have a tail with a black tip on the end.
Coyotes have a variety of vocalizations to communicate with each other.
Coyotes have a very broad range of adaptation.
Coyotes have an extensive range across the United States.
Coyotes have appetite.
Coyotes have bushy black-tipped tails, broad, pointed, erect ears and yellow eyes.
Coyotes have chances.
Coyotes have characteristics.
Coyotes have coats.
Coyotes have distinct howls and yelps that can be recognized by other coyotes over long distances.
Coyotes have ears.
Coyotes have excellent senses of smell and hearing, to help locate prey.
Coyotes have exceptional senses of smell, vision and hearing.
Coyotes have features.
Coyotes have few predators, but in Canada gray wolves are known to kill and eat coyotes.
Coyotes have gray, white, tan and brown fur.
Coyotes have great hearing.
Coyotes have great stamina.
Coyotes have jaws.
Coyotes have large pointed ears and a bushy tail.
Coyotes have larger canine teeth and are generally more practised in hostile encounters.
Coyotes have legs.
Coyotes have long legs.
Coyotes have medium sized ears, while wolves have relatively small ears for their head size.
Coyotes have one of the most complex communication systems of any North American mammal.
Coyotes have percent chances.
Coyotes have powerful jaws.
Coyotes have sides.
Coyotes have skulls.
Coyotes have soft sides.
Coyotes have tan coats.
Coyotes have the opportunity to show off their canoeing skills on the Gasconade River.
Coyotes have to eat too.
Coyotes have two howling seasons.
Coyotes have types.
Coyotes have visibility.
Coyotes have yellow eyes which reflect as greenish-gold at night.
Coyotes hear calls.
Coyotes hear dogs.
Coyotes hear prey.
Coyotes help keep populations of rabbits and rodents in check.
Coyotes help keep the balance of nature in order.
Coyotes hide in wood.
Coyotes howl off in the distance.
Coyotes hunt in packs.
Coyotes hunt rodents.
Coyotes hunt small rodents.
Coyotes hunting across America is as good as it's ever been, thanks to a rapidly growing population.
Coyotes inhabit areas.
Coyotes inhabit most of the United States, Canada and Central America.
Coyotes inhabit same areas.
Coyotes inhabit the desert and mountain regions from Alaska to New England and south thru Mexico.
Coyotes kill animals.
Coyotes kill badgers.
Coyotes kill chickens.
Coyotes kill chicks.
Coyotes kill deer.
Coyotes kill goats.
Coyotes kill lambs.
Coyotes kill pets.
Coyotes kill prey.
Coyotes kill sheep goats.
Coyotes kill sheep.
Coyotes kill, sheep die.
Coyotes knock over trash cans or tear open trash bags left in the open.
Coyotes lead life.
Coyotes learn humans' habits.
Coyotes learn to use the fences to catch and kill deer.
Coyotes leave their dens to defecate and urinate.
Coyotes let loose with spine-tingling choruses of yelps and howls.
Coyotes like to travel along trails, paths, and waterways.
Coyotes live almost everywhere in North America.
Coyotes live in all of North America, from northern Canada and Alaska, to Central America.
Coyotes live in areas.
Coyotes live in dens .
Coyotes live in dens.
Coyotes live in dens.
Coyotes live in deserts.
Coyotes live in environments.
Coyotes live in forests, farmlands, and even suburbs.
Coyotes live in forests, prairies , mountains, chaparrals , and deserts in much of North America.
Coyotes live in habitats.
Coyotes live in nature.
Coyotes live in nearly all types of habitat.
Coyotes live in packs.
Coyotes live in several different environments such as deserts, mountains and prairies.
Coyotes live in small family groups and guard their home territory fiercely.
Coyotes live in urban environments.
Coyotes live on any food that they can find, hunting both day and night.
Coyotes live on food.
Coyotes live only in North America and some areas of Central America .
Coyotes live only in North America and some areas of Central America.
Coyotes live throughout upstate New York.
Coyotes look a great deal like a mid-sized dog, but have longer and thicker fur.
Coyotes look somewhat like a slender German shepherd.
Coyotes look somewhat like small collie dogs.
Coyotes look very much like dogs, and even make a sound that resembles the bark of a dog.
Coyotes love meat.
Coyotes love nothing better than cats and frequently take small dogs.
Coyotes lower tails.
Coyotes mainly feed on rabbits and rodents such as gophers, mice, prairie dogs, rats, and squirrels.
Coyotes maintain their territory by marking it with urine.
Coyotes make a few different sounds.
Coyotes make a sound far different from the Hollywood movie stereotype.
Coyotes make noise.
Coyotes mark territory.
Coyotes mark their territories during the denning season with urine, feces, and glandular scents.
Coyotes mate for life.
Coyotes mate for life.
Coyotes mean different things to different people.
Coyotes migrate easily into areas unoccupied by other coyote packs.
Coyotes move boldly at dusk through desert canyons.
Coyotes move ears.
Coyotes move eyes.
Coyotes need oxygen.
Coyotes never attack humans, never.
Coyotes normally begin feeding in the flank or just behind the ribs.
Coyotes now live and breed in every town in Connecticut.
Coyotes now thrive in every North American habitat, including cities and suburban neighborhoods.
Coyotes occasionally kill calves during the birthing process.
Coyotes occur in all Arkansas counties.
Coyotes occur in every habitat and are abundant in Arizona.
Coyotes offer excellent off-season opportunities.
Coyotes perform an important role in regulating the populations of small mammals.
Coyotes persecute red fox.
Coyotes pose a different challenge altogether.
Coyotes pose little threat to humans.
Coyotes pose the same danger as well and hunt at night.
Coyotes pose threats.
Coyotes pose very little danger to horses and cattle.
Coyotes possess typical canine features and generally resemble a small German shepherd dog.
Coyotes predominate as one moves westward.
Coyotes prefer carrion and small animals like rabbits, squirrels and mice.
Coyotes prefer forests.
Coyotes prefer fresh meat.
Coyotes prefer grasslands and living at the edges of forests.
Coyotes prefer meat.
Coyotes present danger.
Coyotes present real danger.
Coyotes prey on creatures.
Coyotes prey on domestic pets.
Coyotes prey on pets.
Coyotes prey on such creatures.
Coyotes prey on the rabbits.
Coyotes prey on turkeys.
Coyotes prey primarily on small mammals such as rabbits and mice.
Coyotes prey upon mice and rats, thus helping to keep the rodent population in check.
Coyotes probably have as varied a diet as any carnivore.
Coyotes probably mate for life.
Coyotes produce one litter per year.
Coyotes quickly lose their fear of people and become bold, even aggressive.
Coyotes raise ruckus and bobcats remain composed.
Coyotes range from Central America to the Arctic.
Coyotes range from Panama to the North Slope of Alaska.
Coyotes range in color from a dull yellow to gray.
Coyotes range in color from gray to brown or rust.
Coyotes range throughout Arizona and are one of the state's most common wild animals.
Coyotes reach sexual maturity one year after their birth.
Coyotes react strongly to their own scent marks.
Coyotes readily enter water in pursuit of their prey.
Coyotes rely heavily on visual cues while stalking, chasing, and killing their prey.
Coyotes rely on pet food sources.
Coyotes rely on sources.
Coyotes replace wolves as the top predators in areas where the wolf has been eliminated.
Coyotes represent the major predator problem, ranchers say.
Coyotes reproduce sexually.
Coyotes require a minimum of shelter during most of the year.
Coyotes resemble coyotes.
Coyotes resemble dogs.
Coyotes resemble shepherd dogs.
Coyotes resemble small dogs.
Coyotes resemble small german shepherd dogs.
Coyotes return to dens.
Coyotes roam Chicago.
Coyotes roam environments.
Coyotes roam forests.
Coyotes roam here, as do bighorn sheep on the mountain ridges.
Coyotes roam hills.
Coyotes roam prairie.
Coyotes roam regions.
Coyotes roam the woods and fields.
Coyotes seek food.
Coyotes seek meals.
Coyotes seek prey.
Coyotes seem to be doing quite well.
Coyotes seem to prefer the carrion of deer and hogs over other animals.
Coyotes seize animals.
Coyotes seize prey.
Coyotes shift their hunting techniques in accordance with their prey.
Coyotes show fear.
Coyotes show variation.
Coyotes simply breed more in response to increased persecution.
Coyotes slink in the distance.
Coyotes snack on house cats.
Coyotes stalk their prey.
Coyotes stand in fields.
Coyotes still howl their threats at night, but stay away.
Coyotes survive early springs.
Coyotes survive springs.
Coyotes take down prey.
Coyotes take far fewer birds and eggs than do red fox.
Coyotes tend to be more numerous where farms are common.
Coyotes tend to carry their tail held below the back line.
Coyotes tend to hunt in packs and as mated pairs.
Coyotes tend to hunt in pairs or small groups.
Coyotes tend to live in underground burrows, usually with multiple entrances and exits.
Coyotes tend to travel in bolder straight lines than foxes, and in more open spaces.
Coyotes threaten animals.
Coyotes threaten goats.
Coyotes threaten livestock.
Coyotes threaten prey.
Coyotes threaten sheep.
Coyotes thrive on the habitat disturbances created by humans.
Coyotes try to kill the animals for food.
Coyotes typically bite adult sheep and goats on the throat just behind the jaw and below the ear.
Coyotes typically create long, meandering trails in areas where they habitually travel.
Coyotes typically have a highly organized social system, even in urban areas.
Coyotes typically have five toes on each forefoot and four toes on each hind foot.
Coyotes unusually live in pairs but adopt cooperative hunting habits as needed.
Coyotes use a variety of vocalizations to communicate with one another.
Coyotes use auditory, visual, olfactory and tactile signals to communicate.
Coyotes use dens handed down from previous generations.
Coyotes use dens only for sheltering pups.
Coyotes use tails.
Coyotes use the same dens yearly or make new dens in the same area.
Coyotes use their acute hearing and sense of smell to detect prey and avoid danger.
Coyotes use their nose as one of their primary sources of investigating.
Coyotes want food.
Coyotes weigh pounds.
Coyotes yip in response.
Coyotes often carry parasites including mites, ticks, fleas, worms, and flukes.
Coyotes often establish a fairly predictable pattern of killing.
Coyotes often follow trails and old roads in their travels.
Coyotes often make routine trips through a sheep pasture without killing sheep.
Coyotes often prey on smaller lambs.
Coyotes sometimes feed on road-killed deer along rural highways.
Coyotes sometimes mate outside of mating season when a male senses a female in heat.
Coyotes sometimes pose a threat to airplanes that are landing or taking off.
Coyotes usually hunt alone or in pairs.
Coyotes usually hunt at night.
Coyotes usually mate for life.
Coyotes usually present little danger to livestock.
Coyotes usually remain in the area but are prevented from killing sheep.
Coyotes usually travel in packs.
All coyotes are most active at dawn, dusk and during the night.
All coyotes have prominent ears and distinguishing yellow eyes.
Many coyotes have different shortcuts to the United States.
Most coyotes adapt to neighborhoods.
Most coyotes adapt to residential neighborhoods.
Most coyotes are brownish gray in color with a light gray to cream-colored belly.
Most coyotes attain body weight.
Most coyotes attain weight.
Most coyotes become adults.
Most coyotes become carnivores.
Most coyotes become pests.
Most coyotes carry parasites.
Most coyotes come into contact.
Most coyotes cross environments.
Most coyotes cross ground.
Most coyotes cross pasture.
Most coyotes defend territory.
Most coyotes display abnormal behavior.
Most coyotes eat animals.
Most coyotes eat anything.
Most coyotes eat berries.
Most coyotes eat birds.
Most coyotes eat food.
Most coyotes eat livestock.
Most coyotes eat mammals.
Most coyotes eat meat.
Most coyotes eat pet food.
Most coyotes eat prey.
Most coyotes eat rabbits.
Most coyotes eat reptiles.
Most coyotes eat rodents.
Most coyotes eat sheep.
Most coyotes eat small animals.
Most coyotes eat voles.
Most coyotes eat wild berries.
Most coyotes emerge from dens.
Most coyotes enter adulthood.
Most coyotes establish territory.
Most coyotes exist in areas.
Most coyotes experience rapid growth.
Most coyotes feed in fields.
Most coyotes feed on mammals.
Most coyotes feed on small mammals.
Most coyotes follow tracks.
Most coyotes give birth to coyotes.
Most coyotes give birth to offspring.
Most coyotes give birth to predators.
Most coyotes go to water.
Most coyotes has-part ears.
Most coyotes has-part eyes.
Most coyotes has-part legs.
Most coyotes has-part tails.
Most coyotes has-part teeth.
Most coyotes have chances.
Most coyotes have characteristics.
Most coyotes have coats.
Most coyotes have ears.
Most coyotes have features.
Most coyotes have jaws.
Most coyotes have legs.
Most coyotes have long legs.
Most coyotes have percent chances.
Most coyotes have powerful jaws.
Most coyotes have sides.
Most coyotes have skulls.
Most coyotes have soft sides.
Most coyotes have tan coats.
Most coyotes have types.
Most coyotes have visibility.
Most coyotes hear calls.
Most coyotes hear dogs.
Most coyotes hear prey.
Most coyotes hide in wood.
Most coyotes inhabit same areas.
Most coyotes kill animals.
Most coyotes kill chickens.
Most coyotes kill chicks.
Most coyotes kill deer.
Most coyotes kill goats.
Most coyotes kill lambs.
Most coyotes kill pets.
Most coyotes kill prey.
Most coyotes kill sheep goats.
Most coyotes kill sheep.
Most coyotes lead life.
Most coyotes live in areas.
Most coyotes live in dens.
Most coyotes live in deserts.
Most coyotes live in environments.
Most coyotes live in habitats.
Most coyotes live in nature.
Most coyotes live in packs.
Most coyotes live in urban environments.
Most coyotes live on food.
Most coyotes love meat.
Most coyotes make noise.
Most coyotes mate for life.
Most coyotes move ears.
Most coyotes move eyes.
Most coyotes pose threats.
Most coyotes prefer fresh meat.
Most coyotes prefer meat.
Most coyotes readily cross over, under, or through conventional livestock fences.
Most coyotes rely on pet food sources.
Most coyotes rely on sources.
Most coyotes resemble coyotes.
Most coyotes resemble dogs.
Most coyotes resemble shepherd dogs.
Most coyotes resemble small dogs.
Most coyotes resemble small german shepherd dogs.
Most coyotes return to dens.
Most coyotes seek food.
Most coyotes seek meals.
Most coyotes seek prey.
Most coyotes seize animals.
Most coyotes seize prey.
Most coyotes show fear.
Most coyotes show variation.
Most coyotes stand in fields.
Most coyotes survive early springs.
Most coyotes survive springs.
Most coyotes take down prey.
Most coyotes threaten animals.
Most coyotes threaten goats.
Most coyotes threaten livestock.
Most coyotes threaten prey.
Most coyotes threaten sheep.
Most coyotes use tails.
Most coyotes weigh pounds.
Some coyotes appear lighter, with a few individuals being yellow and gray.
Some coyotes are killed by cars.
Some coyotes attack people.
Some coyotes avoid areas.
Some coyotes avoid industrial areas.
Some coyotes benefit from effects.
Some coyotes carry diseases.
Some coyotes carry dread diseases.
Some coyotes carry food.
Some coyotes carry prey.
Some coyotes come in contact.
Some coyotes cross grass.
Some coyotes cross roads.
Some coyotes defend areas.
Some coyotes develop a particular fondness for fruit.
Some coyotes develop attitude.
Some coyotes dig dens.
Some coyotes dig holes.
Some coyotes disperse from ranges.
Some coyotes do.
Some coyotes eat calves.
Some coyotes eat cats.
Some coyotes eat chickens.
Some coyotes eat deer.
Some coyotes eat ducks.
Some coyotes eat foxes.
Some coyotes eat fruit.
Some coyotes eat garbage.
Some coyotes eat lizards.
Some coyotes eat mice.
Some coyotes eat rubbish.
Some coyotes eat snakes.
Some coyotes emerge from forests.
Some coyotes enter fields.
Some coyotes feed in canyons.
Some coyotes feed on carrots.
Some coyotes feel vibration.
Some coyotes follow herds.
Some coyotes follow people.
Some coyotes follow scent.
Some coyotes get eat by wolves.
Some coyotes go after dogs.
Some coyotes have champions.
Some coyotes have culture.
Some coyotes have enemies.
Some coyotes have strong company culture.
Some coyotes help environments.
Some coyotes hide in grass.
Some coyotes hide in terrains.
Some coyotes invade territory.
Some coyotes kill birds.
Some coyotes kill by attacking the flanks or hindquarters, causing shock and loss of blood.
Some coyotes kill calves and lambs on people's ranches and farms.
Some coyotes kill calves.
Some coyotes kill caribou.
Some coyotes kill cats.
Some coyotes kill cattle.
Some coyotes kill children.
Some coyotes kill dogs.
Some coyotes kill fawns.
Some coyotes kill individuals.
Some coyotes kill livestock.
Some coyotes kill mice.
Some coyotes kill raccoons.
Some coyotes kill rats.
Some coyotes kill turkeys.
Some coyotes learn to kill smaller livestock, such as sheep, goats, calves and poultry.
Some coyotes live in cities.
Some coyotes live in countries.
Some coyotes live in districts.
Some coyotes live in forests.
Some coyotes live in ground.
Some coyotes live in landscapes.
Some coyotes live in prairie.
Some coyotes live in states.
Some coyotes move from territory.
Some coyotes occupy states.
Some coyotes occur in Wisconsin.
Some coyotes possess industry knowledge.
Some coyotes possess knowledge.
Some coyotes possess significant industry knowledge.
Some coyotes prey on cats.
Some coyotes prey on livestock.
Some coyotes prey on porcupines.
Some coyotes pull grass.
Some coyotes require considerably more time and thought to trap than others.
Some coyotes seek cats in residential areas.
Some coyotes seek mice.
Some coyotes seize rabbits.
Some coyotes seize squirrels.
Some coyotes show preference.
Some coyotes stand on roads.
Some coyotes steal chickens.
Some coyotes steal food.
Some coyotes suffer violence.
Some coyotes switch diets.
Some coyotes take advantage.
Some coyotes threaten Louisiana.
Some coyotes threaten mammals.
Some coyotes threaten mice.
Some coyotes threaten people.
Some coyotes threaten rats.
Some coyotes threaten turkeys.
Some coyotes thrive in areas.
Some coyotes thrive in forests.
Some coyotes thrive in habitats.
Some coyotes transmit diseases.
Coyotes enemies are wolves, cougars and humans.
Cozy mountain huts beckon along our route with alpine hospitality and refreshments.
Every cozy room has convenient facilities.
Cozy tables make it a nice place to take a date.
Cozy winter cottages with fireplace.
A cozy is a covering
Cozies usually take place in country houses or small towns.
All CPCU exams are essay-style exams.
CPD points are available.
CPEC initiatives increase the capacity of citizens to be involved in public decision-making.
CPEC recommendations conclude the report.
CPENet offerings continue to expand with the addition of new courses.
CPHI heaters mount only so that the coil direction is in the horizontal plane.
CPNI Web Welcome to the CPNI web site.
CPSP staff is available to help students select appropriate placements.
CPSW wheat is suitable for the production of various types of flat breads, chapatis and noodles.
A crab apple is an apple
Some crab apples are alternate bearers, blooming heavily only every other year.
Some crab apples are used as rootstocks for domestic apples to stand up to cold or drought .
Crab fishing requires back-breaking labor.
Crab gatherers use techniques.
Most crab gatherers use techniques.
Crab gear is for sale or rent at bait and tackle shops, marinas and some marine-supply outlets.
Crab legs are available for an additional charge.
Crab legs are crabs.
Crab legs are lethal.
Crab legs are one of the most prized items on the Chinese buffet tables.
Crab lice are much smaller than head and body lice.
Crab lice are small, light brown, flat, pinhead insects that infest pubic hair.
Crab lice are tiny wingless insects that look like crabs when seen under a microscope.
Crab lice live only on the hairy portions of the body .
Crab lice thrive in warm conditions.
Crab louses are insects.
Crab louses are louses.
Crab meat contains cholesterol.
Crab meat contains sodium.
Most crab meat contains cholesterol.
Most crab meat contains sodium.
Crab spiders are able to walk backwards and sideways as well as forwards.
Crab spiders are hunters and ambushers .
Crab spiders are hunters and ambushers.
Crab spiders can change to yellow, pink or white to match the flowers where they hunt for insects.
Crab spiders can walk forward, backward, and sideways just like a crab.
Crab spiders can walk sideways and backwards like crabs.
Crab spiders catch their prey by ambush.
Crab spiders have eyes.
Crab spiders have their legs directed forwards, so they resemble crabs.
Crab spiders have two pairs of legs projecting forward.
Crab spiders live in rainforests all over the world .
Crab spiders live in rainforests all over the world.
Crab spiders lurk in flowers ambushing unlucky insects.
Crab spiders resemble crabs and walk backwards and sideways like crabs.
Crab spiders spin no webs.
Crab spiders wait camouflaged simply as a part of the plant.
Crab spiders wait for insects to approach the flower.
Crab spiders wait in ambush for unsuspecting insects to come by.
Most crab spiders have eyes.
Some crab spiders are yellow or white and sit up on flowers where they wait for prey.
A crab is a decapod
Crab isa decapod.
Crabs absorb water.
Crabs also attack sand dollars by using their claws to crack open the test at the margin.
Crabs also have similar kinds of shells that cover their bodies.
Crabs also have special articulating plates around their gills.
Crabs also love to pick meat off bones.
Crabs also seem to find sand and gravel a lot more comfortable.
Crabs apparently consider people as much of a delicacy as people consider crabs.
Crabs appear in hemispheres.
Crabs appear in paintings and art work from the ancient world.
Crabs appear in water.
Crabs appear to go through an extensive courtship behavior before mating.
Crabs are a bigger problem.
Crabs are a favorite food, which the octopus first kills with secretions from the salivary glands.
Crabs are a good example.
Crabs are a Maryland speciality.
Crabs are a necessary part of the estuary system.
Crabs are a permit's one and only vice.
Crabs are able to cast off appendages voluntarily by muscular action, a process known as autotomy.
Crabs are abundant from almost any dock.
Crabs are abundant.
Crabs are active.
Crabs are afraid of wolves.
Crabs are also abundant in the briny marshes of southern Louisiana.
Crabs are also in abundance.
Crabs are always excellent.
Crabs are among the most common creatures found along the East Pacific Rise.
Crabs are an important part of our eco-system.
Crabs are an inexpensive source of protein.
Crabs are an unusual breed of creatures.
Crabs are animals.
Crabs are animals.
Crabs are available all year.
Crabs are chiefly marine, but some are terrestrial for long periods.
Crabs are common predators and scavengers on soft bottoms.
Crabs are conspicuous inhabitants of salt marshes.
Crabs are crustaceans with five pairs of legs.
Crabs are crustaceans, having an exterior skeleton or shell.
Crabs are crustaceans.
Crabs are eaten by goliath grouper , which are then eaten by sharks.
Crabs are everywhere.
Crabs are exactly that.
Crabs are examples of meroplankton.
Crabs are expert at masking and camouflage.
Crabs are fairly easy to catch with a crab cage and some chicken, right from the dock at the house.
Crabs are fast and both hands are needed to make a catch.
Crabs are fun, enlightening, exciting, interesting and educational.
Crabs are generally either placed live into the boiling pot or killed just prior to cooking.
Crabs are important parts of the mangrove ecosystem playing a key role in the cycling of nutrients.
Crabs are inside oceans.
Crabs are invertebrates , animals without a backbone.
Crabs are located in baskets.
Crabs are located in bays.
Crabs are located in beach sand.
Crabs are located in bodieses of water.
Crabs are located in boiling water.
Crabs are located in burrows.
Crabs are located in cartoons.
Crabs are located in caves.
Crabs are located in chinese restaurants.
Crabs are located in chowders.
Crabs are located in coastal areas.
Crabs are located in coastal regions.
Crabs are located in coastal states.
Crabs are located in cold water.
Crabs are located in coral reefs.
Crabs are located in cribs.
Crabs are located in delicious meals.
Crabs are located in estuaries.
Crabs are located in fancy restaurants.
Crabs are located in fishing boats.
Crabs are located in food.
Crabs are located in freezers.
Crabs are located in grocery stores.
Crabs are located in groups.
Crabs are located in gumbos.
Crabs are located in kitchens.
Crabs are located in lakes.
Crabs are located in maines.
Crabs are located in mouths.
Crabs are located in offices.
Crabs are located in pacific oceans.
Crabs are located in pet shops.
Crabs are located in ponds.
Crabs are located in pots.
Crabs are located in rocks.
Crabs are located in salad.
Crabs are located in salt water.
Crabs are located in saltwaters.
Crabs are located in sand.
Crabs are located in sandy beachs.
Crabs are located in seaweed.
Crabs are located in shallow water.
Crabs are located in shells.
Crabs are located in shorts.
Crabs are located in tanks.
Crabs are located in tidal flats.
Crabs are located in tide pools.
Crabs are located in trees.
Crabs are located in water.
Crabs are located in wood.
Crabs are located in worlds.
Crabs are mimics and ventriloquists.
Crabs are mixed feeders , taking algae and shellfish such as molluscs .
Crabs are mixed feeders, taking algae and  shellfish such as molluscs.
Crabs are more likely to die when taken in the early stages of molting for use in peeler operations.
Crabs are mostly active animals with complex behaviour patterns.
Crabs are nice to eat.
Crabs are no less appreciated.
Crabs are often aggressive towards each other and communicate by waving or drumming their pinchers.
Crabs are omnivores , they eat almost anything they find .
Crabs are omnivores, they eat almost anything they find.
Crabs are one of the oldest species that can be seen throughout the world.
Crabs are parasites.
Crabs are particularly common.
Crabs are people.
Crabs are prepared and eaten all over the world .
Crabs are prepared and eaten all over the world.
Crabs are prepared and eaten as a dish in several different ways all over the world.
Crabs are quick and can bite or pinch with their claws.
Crabs are relatively immobile and easy to spot.
Crabs are rowing.
Crabs are scarce.
Crabs are scavengers that clean the reef floor of dead plant and animal material.
Crabs are scavengers.
Crabs are scavenging omnivores, eating both plants and animals.
Crabs are seafood.
Crabs are shellfishs.
Crabs are skilled at scavenging for food.
Crabs are somewhat similar to fish in that they are equipped with gills for breathing.
Crabs are still at their best in Asian restaurants.
Crabs are the most abundant and important larger invertebrate in mangroves.
Crabs are the ultimate mothers.
Crabs are tiny but visible in pubic hair and on thighs.
Crabs are tiny, black insect-like animals which cling to human hair and can cause itching.
Crabs are to Maryland what horses are to Kentucky.
Crabs are very fresh.
Crabs are very greedy and quarrelsome.
Crabs are very small but can be seen because they attach themselves to the hair.
Crabs are vital to the recycling of nutrients, in particular nitrogen.
Crabs are vulnerable during the soft-shell periods.
Crabs attack oysters.
Crabs avoid predators.
Crabs begin adapting to their environment even in the embryo and larval stages.
Crabs begin life as tiny larvae, then grow rapidly by repeatedly shedding their shells.
Crabs begin life.
Crabs belong to a group of animals called crustaceans, which includes shrimp, crayfish and lobsters.
Crabs belong to genus.
Crabs breathe through gills.
Crabs burrow into muddy sand.
Crabs burrow into sand.
Crabs bury in sand.
Crabs bury themselves in mud in winter and emerge when temperatures rise in spring.
Crabs can find food using chemical stimuli .
Crabs catch food.
Crabs come from coasts.
Crabs come from oceans.
Crabs come from salty sea.
Crabs come from sea.
Crabs compete for resources.
Crabs construct burrows.
Crabs crawl out of their burrows clawing for remnants of the once alive.
Crabs depend on environments.
Crabs depend on water.
Crabs detect tide.
Crabs dig for different reasons.
Crabs dig holes.
Crabs display different movement patterns.
Crabs display different patterns.
Crabs display movement patterns.
Crabs display movement.
Crabs display patterns.
Crabs do it daily.
Crabs drink salt water.
Crabs drink water.
Crabs eat algae.
Crabs eat almost anything.
Crabs eat at night and bury their food.
Crabs eat diets.
Crabs eat food.
Crabs eat plants.
Crabs eat prey.
Crabs eat shrimp and fish.
Crabs eat starfish meat and other sea animals .
Crabs emerge from eggs.
Crabs emerge from holes.
Crabs emerge from shells.
Crabs enter burrows.
Crabs enter oceans.
Crabs enter the trap or ring net to feed on the bait or to investigate other crab activity.
Crabs excavate burrows.
Crabs excrete urine.
Crabs excrete waste.
Crabs exhibit a wide range of feeding habits such as herbivorous and scavenging tendencies.
Crabs exhibit dimorphism.
Crabs exhibit sexual dimorphism.
Crabs feature spines.
Crabs feed by inserting their mouthpieces into small blood vessels in the skin and sucking blood.
Crabs feed on decay vegetation.
Crabs feed on detrituses.
Crabs feed on hatchlings.
Crabs feed on mollusks they crack with their powerful claws.
Crabs feed on vegetation.
Crabs fight with eels.
Crabs fight, bite, twist and turn when they are caught.
Crabs gain access to the enclosure through a tunnel or door.
Crabs give birth to crabs.
Crabs go into salinity water.
Crabs go into water.
Crabs go to oceans.
Crabs go to sea.
Crabs go to water.
Crabs grow by molting or shedding their shell.
Crabs grow by molting, during which they discard their entire exoskeleton.
Crabs grow by periodically molting their hard shells.
Crabs grow by shedding their old shell, a process called molting.
Crabs grow by shedding their old shell.
Crabs grow by shedding, or molting, their hard shells.
Crabs grow only by molting, shedding their shells and growing new ones.
Crabs grow to maturity.
Crabs has-part backs.
Crabs has-part claws.
Crabs has-part exoskeletons.
Crabs has-part flesh.
Crabs has-part guts.
Crabs have (part) brains.
Crabs have (part) carapaces.
Crabs have (part) cell membranes.
Crabs have (part) cells.
Crabs have (part) corpi.
Crabs have (part) cytoplasm.
Crabs have (part) ears.
Crabs have (part) faces.
Crabs have (part) heads.
Crabs have (part) nuclei.
Crabs have (part) pincers.
Crabs have (part) plasma membranes.
Crabs have (part) sections.
Crabs have (part) shells.
Crabs have (part) skulls.
Crabs have (part) thoraxes.
Crabs have (part) vacuoles.
Crabs have a large shield called an exoskeleton, which covers their entire body for protection.
Crabs have a set of chitinous teeth in their stomach to aid with digestion.
Crabs have a tab, or flap to their underside.
Crabs have a very hard shell and pinchers.
Crabs have ancestors.
Crabs have appendages.
Crabs have blood.
Crabs have bristles and hairs which act as touch receptors .
Crabs have claws.
Crabs have common ancestors.
Crabs have compound eyes and can see well.
Crabs have compound eyes consisting of several thousand optical units.
Crabs have compound eyes.
Crabs have eyes.
Crabs have few natural predators due to their protective shell.
Crabs have five pairs of jointed legs.
Crabs have flatter, broader bodies than do lobsters, crayfish, and shrimp.
Crabs have grain size.
Crabs have hair on claws and other parts of the body to detect water currect and vibration.
Crabs have hairy claws.
Crabs have hard outer shells.
Crabs have hard shells.
Crabs have large claws.
Crabs have larval stages.
Crabs have legs.
Crabs have life.
Crabs have long tails.
Crabs have nine pairs of gills.
Crabs have outer shells.
Crabs have plates.
Crabs have prominent eyes.
Crabs have quite a size range in the ocean.
Crabs have regular legs.
Crabs have requirements.
Crabs have shelf life.
Crabs have shells.
Crabs have short tails.
Crabs have size.
Crabs have stages.
Crabs have tails.
Crabs have teeth.
Crabs have ten legs including the claws.
Crabs have ten legs.
Crabs have the most compact decapod body form.
Crabs have three jaws.
Crabs have three very distinct phases.
Crabs have very short tails .
Crabs have very short tails.
Crabs hibernate during the winter and usually come out when the water warms.
Crabs hide in burrows.
Crabs hide in cracks.
Crabs hide in mud.
Crabs hide in sand.
Crabs inhabit areas.
Crabs inhabit burrows.
Crabs inhabit gastropod shells.
Crabs inhabit mangrove areas.
Crabs inhabit shells.
Crabs inhabit shelter areas.
Crabs inhabit snail shells.
Crabs inhabit subtropical areas.
Crabs inhabit water.
Crabs lay eggs.
Crabs leap into water.
Crabs leave inshore water.
Crabs leave water.
Crabs like to bury food.
Crabs like to do spot of house decorating.
Crabs like to walk sideways in order to head where they want to go.
Crabs live for years.
Crabs live in bays.
Crabs live in beaches.
Crabs live in enclose habitats.
Crabs live in environments.
Crabs live in habitats.
Crabs live in harsh environments.
Crabs live in locations.
Crabs live in oceans.
Crabs live in regions.
Crabs live in salinity water.
Crabs live in sea.
Crabs live in shallow water.
Crabs live in shoreline environments.
Crabs live in the coral and protect it.
Crabs live in the ocean, on land and in trees.
Crabs live in the ocean, river banks, lakes, rocks, and in deep holes in the sand.
Crabs live in vicinities.
Crabs live in water.
Crabs live near oceans.
Crabs live on beaches.
Crabs live on sand.
Crabs love food.
Crabs make crabs.
Crabs make eggs.
Crabs mate in saltwaters.
Crabs mate in shallow water.
Crabs mate in water.
Crabs migrate to habitats.
Crabs migrate to oceans.
Crabs migrate to sea.
Crabs migrate to water.
Crabs move backwards so denotes misfortune.
Crabs need air.
Crabs need diets.
Crabs normally live in groups.
Crabs occur in habitats.
Crabs occur in moist habitats.
Crabs occur in sea.
Crabs occur in water.
Crabs play an important role in recycling nutrients in mangrove ecosystems.
Crabs possess abdomens.
Crabs possess blood.
Crabs possess bodies.
Crabs possess bottoms.
Crabs possess meat.
Crabs possess pincers.
Crabs possess relatives.
Crabs possess shells.
Crabs possess soft abdomens.
Crabs prefer food.
Crabs prefer live, fresh food.
Crabs prefer muddy substrate.
Crabs prefer rocky substrate.
Crabs prefer substrate.
Crabs provide food.
Crabs push starfish aside in the process of devouring a dead fish, etc.
Crabs reach adulthood.
Crabs reach full size.
Crabs reach size.
Crabs really prefer to have a range with groundcover.
Crabs receive food.
Crabs regenerate claws.
Crabs rely on saltwaters.
Crabs reproduce by laying eggs.
Crabs require food.
Crabs require habitats.
Crabs require homes.
Crabs require oxygen.
Crabs require water.
Crabs respond to lunar phases.
Crabs respond to phases.
Crabs retain shells.
Crabs return to food.
Crabs return to habitats.
Crabs return to homes.
Crabs return to oceans.
Crabs return to sea.
Crabs return to water.
Crabs roam oceans.
Crabs roam sea.
Crabs run during the summer months, and oysters are available during the winter months.
Crabs scavenge on giant tubeworms.
Crabs scurry across the sand but often have burrows that they retreat to as well.
Crabs scuttle along sideways.
Crabs seek food.
Crabs seek habitats.
Crabs seek shelter.
Crabs seek water.
Crabs serve as food.
Crabs share beaches.
Crabs share habitats.
Crabs shed exoskeletons.
Crabs shed old exoskeletons.
Crabs shed skin.
Crabs show movement.
Crabs show responses.
Crabs show strong responses.
Crabs sit in sand.
Crabs snap claws.
Crabs stand their ground.
Crabs start sinking as the tide rolls in.
Crabs stay in positions.
Crabs stay in same positions.
Crabs suck dark reservoirs.
Crabs survive in presence.
Crabs survive to adulthood.
Crabs swim in oceans.
Crabs swim in sea.
Crabs swim in water.
Crabs tend to be aggressive towards one another, and males often fight to gain access to females.
Crabs tend to move sideways, although they are capable of locomotion in all directions.
Crabs thrive in environments.
Crabs to escape predators.
Crabs use claws.
Crabs use crush claws.
Crabs use empty shells.
Crabs use giant claws.
Crabs use large claws.
Crabs use legs.
Crabs use shells.
Crabs use snail shells.
Crabs use their claws to tear anemones apart to eat.
Crabs use their gills to take oxygen out of the water, much like a fish.
Crabs walk sideways.
Crabs wash up on beaches.
Crabs wave their pincers in the air as a defense when they are disturbed.
Crabs wear shells.
Crabs will have opportunity.
Crabs often show marked sexual dimorphism .
Crabs sometimes walk across roads.
Crabs usually eat fish that are too slow or are weakened in any way.
Crabs usually walk sideways on their five pairs of legs.
All crabs are marine.
All crabs have both a set of antennae and antennules.
All crabs have eight regular legs and two specially adapted legs known as chelipeds or claws.
All crabs have one pair of chelipeds and four pairs of walking legs .
Many crabs also live in intertidal zones .
Many crabs are responsible for paralytic shellfish poisoning in the southeast Pacific and Australia.
Many crabs are scavengers.
Many crabs eat large amounts of fallen mangrove litter while other species eat algae and detritus.
Many crabs even carry around small sea anemones as defensive weapons.
Many crabs have their eyes on the end of stalks.
Many crabs live along rocky shores or sandy beaches, exposed to air much of the time.
Many crabs migrate to reproduce.
Most crabs absorb water.
Most crabs appear in hemispheres.
Most crabs appear in water.
Most crabs are inside oceans.
Most crabs are located in shells.
Most crabs are located in water.
Most crabs are located in worlds.
Most crabs are scavengers, such as the typical hermit crab .
Most crabs are scavengers.
Most crabs avoid predators.
Most crabs begin life.
Most crabs belong to genus.
Most crabs burrow into muddy sand.
Most crabs burrow into sand.
Most crabs bury in sand.
Most crabs come from coasts.
Most crabs come from oceans.
Most crabs come from salty sea.
Most crabs come from sea.
Most crabs compete for resources.
Most crabs construct burrows.
Most crabs depend on environments.
Most crabs depend on water.
Most crabs detect tide.
Most crabs die before the onset of a fourth winter, which is a life span of about three years.
Most crabs dig holes.
Most crabs display different movement patterns.
Most crabs display different patterns.
Most crabs drink salt water.
Most crabs drink water.
Most crabs eat algae.
Most crabs eat diets.
Most crabs eat food.
Most crabs eat plants.
Most crabs eat prey.
Most crabs emerge from eggs.
Most crabs emerge from holes.
Most crabs emerge from shells.
Most crabs enter burrows.
Most crabs enter oceans.
Most crabs excrete urine.
Most crabs excrete waste.
Most crabs exhibit sexual dimorphism.
Most crabs feed on decay vegetation.
Most crabs feed on detrituses.
Most crabs feed on hatchlings.
Most crabs feed on small fish or worms or else scavenge along the shore or sea bottom.
Most crabs feed on vegetation.
Most crabs give birth to crabs.
Most crabs go into salinity water.
Most crabs go into water.
Most crabs go to oceans.
Most crabs go to sea.
Most crabs go to water.
Most crabs grow to maturity.
Most crabs has-part backs.
Most crabs has-part claws.
Most crabs has-part exoskeletons.
Most crabs has-part flesh.
Most crabs has-part guts.
Most crabs have ancestors.
Most crabs have appendages.
Most crabs have blood.
Most crabs have claws that are the same size.
Most crabs have claws.
Most crabs have common ancestors.
Most crabs have compound eyes.
Most crabs have eyes.
Most crabs have grain size.
Most crabs have hairy claws.
Most crabs have hard outer shells.
Most crabs have hard shells.
Most crabs have large claws.
Most crabs have larval stages.
Most crabs have legs.
Most crabs have life.
Most crabs have long tails.
Most crabs have outer shells.
Most crabs have plates.
Most crabs have prominent eyes.
Most crabs have regular legs.
Most crabs have requirements.
Most crabs have shelf life.
Most crabs have shells.
Most crabs have short tails.
Most crabs have size.
Most crabs have stages.
Most crabs have tails.
Most crabs have teeth.
Most crabs hide in burrows.
Most crabs hide in cracks.
Most crabs hide in mud.
Most crabs hide in sand.
Most crabs inhabit gastropod shells.
Most crabs inhabit mangrove areas.
Most crabs inhabit shells.
Most crabs inhabit shelter areas.
Most crabs inhabit snail shells.
Most crabs inhabit subtropical areas.
Most crabs leap into water.
Most crabs leave inshore water.
Most crabs leave water.
Most crabs live for years.
Most crabs live in bays.
Most crabs live in beaches.
Most crabs live in enclose habitats.
Most crabs live in environments.
Most crabs live in habitats.
Most crabs live in harsh environments.
Most crabs live in locations.
Most crabs live in oceans.
Most crabs live in regions.
Most crabs live in salinity water.
Most crabs live in sea.
Most crabs live in sea-water, but there are some who live in fresh water, and some who live on land.
Most crabs live in shallow water.
Most crabs live in shoreline environments.
Most crabs live in the oceans, but many, like the robber crab, live on land.
Most crabs live in vicinities.
Most crabs live in water.
Most crabs live near oceans.
Most crabs live on beaches.
Most crabs live on sand.
Most crabs love food.
Most crabs make crabs.
Most crabs make eggs.
Most crabs mate in saltwaters.
Most crabs mate in shallow water.
Most crabs mate in water.
Most crabs migrate to oceans.
Most crabs migrate to sea.
Most crabs occur in habitats.
Most crabs occur in moist habitats.
Most crabs occur in sea.
Most crabs occur in water.
Most crabs possess abdomens.
Most crabs possess blood.
Most crabs possess bodies.
Most crabs possess bottoms.
Most crabs possess meat.
Most crabs possess pincers.
Most crabs possess relatives.
Most crabs possess shells.
Most crabs possess soft abdomens.
Most crabs prefer food.
Most crabs prefer muddy substrate.
Most crabs prefer rocky substrate.
Most crabs prefer substrate.
Most crabs provide food.
Most crabs reach adulthood.
Most crabs reach full size.
Most crabs reach size.
Most crabs receive food.
Most crabs rely on saltwaters.
Most crabs require food.
Most crabs require habitats.
Most crabs require homes.
Most crabs require oxygen.
Most crabs require water.
Most crabs respond to lunar phases.
Most crabs respond to phases.
Most crabs retain shells.
Most crabs return to food.
Most crabs return to habitats.
Most crabs return to homes.
Most crabs return to oceans.
Most crabs return to sea.
Most crabs return to water.
Most crabs seek food.
Most crabs seek habitats.
Most crabs seek shelter.
Most crabs seek water.
Most crabs serve as food.
Most crabs shed exoskeletons.
Most crabs show strong responses.
Most crabs sit in sand.
Most crabs snap claws.
Most crabs stay in positions.
Most crabs stay in same positions.
Most crabs survive in presence.
Most crabs survive to adulthood.
Most crabs swim in oceans.
Most crabs swim in sea.
Most crabs swim in water.
Most crabs thrive in environments.
Most crabs use claws.
Most crabs use crush claws.
Most crabs use empty shells.
Most crabs use giant claws.
Most crabs use large claws.
Most crabs use shells.
Most crabs use snail shells.
Most crabs wash up on beaches.
Most crabs wear shells.
Some crabs adapt to life.
Some crabs also clamber up the trees, some even forage for insects there.
Some crabs also live in fresh water , or live completely on land .
Some crabs also live in fresh water, or live completely on land.
Some crabs appear in paintings.
Some crabs are located in aquaria.
Some crabs are located on beaches.
Some crabs are member of families.
Some crabs are usually visible, no laboratory test is necessary.
Some crabs attract predators.
Some crabs become feeders.
Some crabs become ravenous feeders.
Some crabs begin reproduction.
Some crabs belong to families.
Some crabs bury in mud.
Some crabs can have effects.
Some crabs can have positive effects.
Some crabs can result in the oarsperson being thrown out of the boat.
Some crabs carry anemones.
Some crabs carry organisms.
Some crabs carry sea anemones.
Some crabs come from families.
Some crabs conserve energy.
Some crabs defend homes.
Some crabs depend on beaches.
Some crabs depend on food.
Some crabs destroy eggs.
Some crabs develop behavior.
Some crabs develop social behavior.
Some crabs eat algas.
Some crabs eat crabs.
Some crabs eat diatoms.
Some crabs eat fruit.
Some crabs eat insects.
Some crabs eat macaques.
Some crabs eat mud.
Some crabs emerge from burrows.
Some crabs emerge from marsh.
Some crabs emerge from sand.
Some crabs feed in groups.
Some crabs feed on barnacles.
Some crabs feed on bivalves.
Some crabs feed on molluscs.
Some crabs give birth to offspring.
Some crabs go through metamorphosis.
Some crabs go to environments.
Some crabs go to habitats.
Some crabs go to ponds.
Some crabs go to rivers.
Some crabs hang on at the water line, and some just below.
Some crabs has-part legs.
Some crabs have abdominal flaps.
Some crabs have ability.
Some crabs have carapaces.
Some crabs have chances.
Some crabs have cheek pouches.
Some crabs have chromium.
Some crabs have flaps.
Some crabs have gizzards.
Some crabs have larvae.
Some crabs have modes.
Some crabs have one large claw and one small one.
Some crabs have pouches.
Some crabs have predators.
Some crabs have ranges.
Some crabs have small flaps.
Some crabs have small triangular flaps.
Some crabs have smooth carapaces.
Some crabs have tradition.
Some crabs have triangular flaps.
Some crabs have ways.
Some crabs have years.
Some crabs help scientists.
Some crabs hibernate in burrows.
Some crabs hide in structures.
Some crabs infect with parasites.
Some crabs just come flying out of the meadow grass and down the bank.
Some crabs just sit there.
Some crabs kill prey.
Some crabs leave homes.
Some crabs live along atlantic coasts.
Some crabs live along coasts.
Some crabs live in areas.
Some crabs live in burrows on the sandy shore.
Some crabs live in coasts.
Some crabs live in edges.
Some crabs live in estuaries.
Some crabs live in intertidal zones.
Some crabs live in islands.
Some crabs live in Liberia.
Some crabs live in same areas.
Some crabs live in shores.
Some crabs live in tidal zones.
Some crabs live in zones.
Some crabs live on bottoms.
Some crabs live on pairs.
Some crabs live on plants.
Some crabs live on sea bottoms.
Some crabs live on trees.
Some crabs look for food.
Some crabs look like adults.
Some crabs look like crabs.
Some crabs look like prehistoric crabs.
Some crabs look like shields.
Some crabs lose abdominal appendages.
Some crabs lose appendages.
Some crabs lose limbs.
Some crabs make homes.
Some crabs migrate to beaches.
Some crabs migrate to hemispheres.
Some crabs migrate to reefs.
Some crabs migrate to regions.
Some crabs possess anemones.
Some crabs possess antennas.
Some crabs possess discs.
Some crabs possess food.
Some crabs possess mangroves.
Some crabs possess membranous discs.
Some crabs possess reaction.
Some crabs possess tips.
Some crabs prefer bottoms.
Some crabs prefer environments.
Some crabs prefer habitats.
Some crabs prefer water.
Some crabs prey on animals.
Some crabs prey on hatchlings.
Some crabs prey on live animals.
Some crabs prey on worms.
Some crabs provide additional protection.
Some crabs provide protection.
Some crabs pump water.
Some crabs relate to scorpions.
Some crabs require beaches.
Some crabs require light.
Some crabs require shelter.
Some crabs return to beaches.
Some crabs return to environments.
Some crabs return to rivers.
Some crabs search for homes.
Some crabs seek mates.
Some crabs sit on legs.
Some crabs stay in burrows.
Some crabs steal food.
Some crabs survive temperature.
Some crabs swim in holes.
Some crabs swim.
Some crabs take up bottoms.
Some crabs take up residences.
Some crabs use gills.
Some crabs use tails.
Some crabs utilize different habitats.
Some crabs utilize habitats.
A crabapple is an apple
Crabapples also make good sources of pollen.
Crabapples are extremely variable in size and growth habit.
Crabapples are popular spring-flowering trees that also produce fruit.
Crabapples are too sour to eat raw but make excellent jams and jellies.
Crabapples are used primarily for their ornamental value.
Crabapples are very susceptible to apple scab.
Crabapples can act as a source for scab infection and fruit insects.
Crabapples can be excellent additions to a home landscape.
Crabapples come in various sizes and shapes.
Crabapples vary enormously in growth habit, just as do regular cultivars.
Crabapples usually are good pollenizers for eating apples.
Crabapples usually survive it without much damage.
Many crabapples are slightly susceptible to certain diseases and yet have great merit.
Many crabapples have showy, colorful fruit.
Most crabapples exhibit some degree of bienniality in flowering.
Most crabapples flower a few years after planting.
Some crabapples bloom heavily only every other year.
Crabbing effort parallels the trend in catches.
Crabby people are more prone to becoming stressed than people with a positive attitude.
A crabeater seal is a seal
Crabeater seals feed on krill .
Crabeater seals stay with their mothers for years.
A crabgrass is grass
Crabgrass germinates in the very early spring.
Crabgrass spreads by seeds produced and distributed in the soil from previous years.
Crabgrass spreads like grazy in hot dry weather.
Crabgrass starts germination about the time the lilacs are beginning to bloom.
Crabgrasses are grass.
Crabgrasses are summer annuals that germinate and grow best late in the season.
Crabmeat is a shellfish
Crabmeat is low in calories and fat and is an excellent source of high-quality protein.
Crabmeat is one of Florida's most versatile seafoods.
A crack addict is a junky
Crack addicts stroll down the streets, admittedly high.
Crack babies are a major problem.
Crack babies are nothing new.
Crack babies are often fussy and irritable, particularly when overstimulated.
Crack babies require expensive treatment to survive, and then face the prospect of impaired lives.
Some crack babies seem to fare pretty well and show little long-term harm.
Crack dealers do it.
Many crack dealers smoke more crack than they sell.
Crack houses are located in ghettos.
Crack houses are simply one example of closed drug markets.
Crack houses create major problems for people living in the neighborhood.
Crack houses exist because of the War on Drugs.
Crack houses seem to attract that kind of activity.
Crack smoking can also cause severe lung damage.
A crack is an opening
Crack isa gap.
Crack stimulates violence and paranoia.
Cracks affect infiltration of furrow crop irrigation.
Cracks allow fission products to leak into the reactor vessel.
Cracks allow germs to enter and cause infection.
Cracks allow germs to enter the egg.
Cracks also appear on the short axis.
Cracks also can occur in a steel-reinforced slab of concrete.
Cracks also develope at the seams where various pieces are glued together.
Cracks also open in glaciers as glaciers move slowly downhill.
Cracks also retard surface wetting from any off-season rains.
Cracks also tend to limit the value of marquees.
Cracks appear and widen inwhat proves to be the outer of two layers of glass shielding.
Cracks appear as the paint films dry and shrink.
Cracks appear as tiny hairline fractures.
Cracks appear in the shell of the planet.
Cracks appear in wet ground and on steep slopes.
Cracks appear on steep slopes and in wet ground.
Cracks appear under traffic, and in advanced stages, the pavement begins to disintegrate.
Cracks appear where frame of seat is riveted to the shell.
Cracks are almost certain to form in the cladding and perhaps also in the main wythe.
Cracks are also entry points for insects and rodents.
Cracks are also localized sources of acoustic emission.
Cracks are attempts.
Cracks are blemishs.
Cracks are cocaine.
Cracks are common.
Cracks are drugs.
Cracks are either wet or dry.
Cracks are getting wider, fixed ropes freeze into ice.
Cracks are home to crabs and lobsters.
Cracks are indicators of potential branch or tree failure.
Cracks are just a common occurrence.
Cracks are just a fact of concrete's life.
Cracks are linear openings that form in materials to relieve stress.
Cracks are major starting points for fractures of branches and trunks.
Cracks are more prominent in the microdepressions.
Cracks are most likely to appear at the corner of openings diagonally.
Cracks are much easier to find than warez sites.
Cracks are noise.
Cracks are openings.
Cracks are there for a reason.
Cracks are therefore extremely rare.
Cracks are very common in older furnaces.
Cracks are visible in the walls and ceilings, and plaster has fallen to the floor.
Cracks begin to appear and the liver eventually dies.
Cracks begin to appear and the pavement starts to ravel around the edges.
Cracks begin to appear in the floor and there is a struggle.
Cracks can also develop on the hands of children who frequently wash dishes or suck their thumbs.
Cracks can also occur when a cheesecake cools too quickly.
Cracks can arise at the boundaries between regions represented at different resolutions.
Cracks can be the cause of a fire years later.
Cracks can develop along the bass bar from accidents, a poorly fit bar, or a weak top.
Cracks can develop in any piece of wood.
Cracks can form bands if dilated by regional extension, perhaps also driven by tides.
Cracks can form from temperature variations and aging.
Cracks can occur at or near the joints where concrete slabs meet or on the slabs themselves.
Cracks can occur on tree trunks, usually at the site of an old injury.
Cracks can occur with sudden temperature changes, as metal and wood expand differentially.
Cracks can produce rapid flows.
Cracks can spread and create even more damage over time.
Cracks cause cracks.
Cracks close together forming a broken matrix.
Cracks collect dirt, which is particularly disfiguring to highlight image areas.
Cracks continually appear.
Cracks cover the sun-baked mud channel bottoms.
Cracks cross the surface, similar to our Arctic areas.
Cracks develop and water seeps in to cracks submitting the coating to the freeze thaw cycles.
Cracks develop as creep fracture elongation decreases during use.
Cracks develop in the psychic armor.
Cracks develop on shell.
Cracks develop preferentially at joints such as spot welds, where the local stress is high.
Cracks develope on the jointcartillage.
Cracks eventually form in nearly all foundations.
Cracks form from the center to the outside.
Cracks form in the first layer, the surface of which is then wet again.
Cracks form in the ice shelf for a number of reasons.
Cracks form in the surface of the Earth because of the action of tectonic plates.
Cracks form inside the cube where the expanding ice breaks loose from the inside part.
Cracks form when dry.
Cracks formed in a host rock ought to have parallel side-walls.
Cracks happen if other type of thinner is used.
Cracks have several indirect effects on crop performance.
Cracks hide many creatures like the ghost shrimp.
Cracks infuse the structure.
Cracks initiate from the slip bands.
Cracks line the bronze skin and fractures weaken the skeleton of the city's most potent symbol.
Cracks mar the wall near the fireplace.
Cracks never get smaller, nor do they ever disappear.
Cracks occur from the edge of the excavation.
Cracks open up, then come together again.
Cracks originate from stress built up during densification of coatings and limit their application.
Cracks propagate in the same manner in void rich as in void free materials.
Cracks provide an entry way for decay-causing pathogens.
Cracks provide easy pathways for moisture to travel into walls.
Cracks run from the forward lower corner and angle up towards the back.
Cracks run through the murals on the wall.
Cracks run up, down and along the walls, and look more like earthquake faults.
Cracks show that the left wall is about to fail.
Cracks show the effects of earthquakes.
Cracks spiderweb across the glass.
Cracks start appearing in the defensive armor.
Cracks start to appear in walls and roads.
Cracks stop the station clock, girls with candle grease to sell.
Cracks tend to start at defects, and a similar thing is true with lightning and sparks.
Cracks typically take six or more years to grow large enough to cause a cylinder leak.
Cracks often develop in the letters, which invalidates it.
Cracks sometimes develop as the wax sets.
Cracks usually appear along the top edges where the U-bolt passes through the bracket.
Cracks usually form parallel to the axis of the race.
All cracks are illegal, no matter what anybody says.
Many cracks occur and interfere.
Most cracks are good candidates for filling or sealing.
Most cracks are the result of shock and concussion or direct trauma.
Most cracks develop in the foundation walls, slab, masonry veneer, ceiling, or walls.
Most cracks occur along the grain, between the long wood cells.
Most cracks occur as a result of shrinkage of concrete.
Some cracks are large enough for a person to put their hand through.
Some cracks are nearly perpendicular to the ridge axis, and other cracks are parallel to it.
Some cracks are very obvoius, and some are very fine.
Some cracks can be so small that they are essentially invisible to the naked eye.
Some cracks comes back.
Some cracks extend to anchor points for lights and appurtenances over weapon work areas.
Some cracks fill only from an entry hole.
A crackdown is a stifling
Crackdown affects fans as well as foes.
Crackdown continues in East Timor .
Crackdowns are suppression.
Crackdowns continue in Tibet.
Every crackdown ends up with complaints of theft of gold, watches and money.
Cracked corners can form as a result of an allergic reaction to a medication, product, or food.
Cracked crab is another good bait.
Cracked gas has less tendency to knock than straight run gas.
Cracked heads mean poor quality from growing conditions.
Cracked hinges are usually still strong and functional.
Cracked housings result in leakage.
Cracked ice is good for the thirst.
Cracked seed ends up as dockage and a loss to the producer.
Cracked seed is considered dockage and a loss to the producer.
Cracked swages can survive for years or days.
Cracked teeth are hard to pin point.
Cracked teeth can be very painful.
Cracked teeth exhibit a variety of symptoms.
Most cracked teeth continue to function for years after treatment.
Cracked wheat has a wonderful, nutty flavor which makes a very healthy addition to any meal.
Cracked wheat is a wheat berry
A cracker is bread
Cracker comes from a Celtic word meaning braggart or loudmouth.
Cracker is a servant to a mighty wizard of dark magic.
Cracker is the men who breaks security on a system with pleasuring.
Cracker is young and beautiful with a body ya just wanna rub hot oil all over.
Cracker isa bread.
Cracker jacks is just average caramel popcorn until a toy is put in the box and advertised.
Cracker loves pools, lakes, ponds, puddles.
Cracker walks the obstacle with little difficulty.
Crackers also explore, but they use the information they find for their own purposes.
Crackers also use it to refer to cracker wannabee s.
Crackers are . . .
Crackers are a problem area.
Crackers are almost always young males.
Crackers are an excellent snack for young and old alike.
Crackers are another story.
Crackers are biscuits.
Crackers are bread.
Crackers are burst and lines of light are lit everywhere.
Crackers are cereals.
Crackers are flakes.
Crackers are food.
Crackers are free.
Crackers are hackers who 'crack' into computer systems, usually for evil purposes.
Crackers are hackers.
Crackers are just too clever.
Crackers are located in cupboards.
Crackers are located in pantries.
Crackers are located in stores.
Crackers are mainly adolescent males who get a kick out of breaking into computers and cause mayhem.
Crackers are more than just mindless vandals.
Crackers are often high in fat.
Crackers are often high in salt.
Crackers are part of whiteys.
Crackers are party favors.
Crackers are people who make a practice of breaking computer security, or crashing computers.
Crackers are people with the abilities of hackers, but with malicious intent.
Crackers are programmers.
Crackers are ready made with one end tied.
Crackers are snack food.
Crackers are the ones which break into systems and vandalize.
Crackers are the one's who break the law.
Crackers are the ones who destroy things on servers.
Crackers are the ones who steal information and participate in cyberterrorism.
Crackers are unlike hackers.
Crackers are usually Phreakers, phone system hackers, anarchists, and criminals.
Crackers are yummy.
Crackers believe that if they can get into someone's system, then whatever they find is fair game.
Crackers break in so they can destroy files, steal money or files, or inflict viruses.
Crackers break into servers and break security systems in order to vandalize a network.
Crackers break the software's protection and then share illegal copies of the software.
Crackers can already scan behind a firewall and determine the services running there.
Crackers can also affect the already suffering patients in hospitals, nursing homes and even homes.
Crackers can often exploit CGI scripts by overflowing a buffer.
Crackers can send fake email without much problem.
Crackers Click on the product name to see nutrition information.
Crackers come in metal and plastic, and a variety of colors.
Crackers crackle crackers crumble.
Crackers enters computersystems of big companies, research centers, gorvernements or armies.
Crackers flock to the latest and greatest vulnerabilities.
Crackers get a kick out of breaking into computers and phreaking the phone system.
Crackers have many systematic methods of circumventing a networks security structure.
Crackers have many techniques of capturing passwords.
Crackers have no real talent because they are just destroying what someone has already done.
Crackers help to absorb excess stomach acid and settle queasy tummies.
Crackers like to bypass security in computer systems.
Crackers live in rural areas.
Crackers plays basketball, opens mail boxes, rings bells, and plays the piano.
Crackers Put candy or small toys inside empty tissue tube.
Crackers refer to fibre-enriched dehydrated bread products.
Crackers resound and light up the earth and the sky.
Crackers stay crunchy.
Crackers tend to be young and unskilled compared their hackers counterparts.
Crackers thrive on code secrecy.
Crackers use the lack of response as a telltale sign that a machine is there.
Crackers frequently exploit known bugs in products to gain access to systems.
Crackers often end up building one-room cabins in Montana near power and telephone lines.
Crackers often use dictionaries to try to crack passwords and break into computer accounts.
Any cracker equipped with automatic dialing software can discover the modem.
Many crackers run such tools continuously and sort data to identify vulnerable hosts.
More crackers make it crunchier, less makes it moister.
Some crackers contain yeast.
Some crackers dissolve quickly in a child's mouth.
Cracking are chemical processes.
Cracking are human activities.
Cracking are security breachs.
Cracking are separatings.
A crackle is noise
Crackles are chinas.
Crackles are comparable to the surface noise on old records.
Crackles are frequently present on exam and radiographic studies are abnormal.
Crackles are noise.
Crackles are unaffected by coughing.
Crackles become more prominent.
Crackles usually occur during inspiration.
Crackling are residues.
Crackling is a gift from the gods, of course, but so is pork-fat in other conditions.
Crackling is the process of laying a faster drying finish over a slower drying more flexible finish.
A crackpot is an eccentric
Crackpot comes close.
Crackpot is an excellent job because the expectations are so low.
Crackpots are eccentrics.
Some crackpots are nice.
Cradle board is removable, infant is removable.
A cradle cap is eczema
Cradle cap appears as thick, crusty, yellow or brown scales over the child's scalp.
Cradle cap appears as thick, crusty, yellow scales over the child's scalp.
Cradle cap appears on the baby's head.
Cradle cap is a harmless condition that is easy to avoid.
Cradle cap is a skin condition which commonly occurs on the scalp of infants.
Cradle cap is a very common problem in baby's.
Cradle cap is the term used when seborrheic dermatitis affects the scalp of infants.
Cradle cap is very common in a majority of infants.
Cradle cap is very common in babies.
Cradle cap looks like a very bad case of dandruff.
A cradle is furniture
Cradle also comes in hooded model.
Cradle gives way to bed.
Cradle has an oval configuration.
Cradle has numerous uses for general holding items in place around the surgery.
Cradle includes reversible vinyl waterproof pad.
Cradle is Britain's leading small animal positioner for X-ray and surgery.
Cradle is optional.
Cradle lowers l.
Cradle maintains an open architecture policy.
Cradle mount with horizon ring.
Cradle roll from day one.
Cradles are beds.
Cradles are births.
Cradles are storage devices.
Craft beers abound by the barrel.
Craft beers range from pale to dark in color and from mild to strong in alcohol content.
Craft brewers have three options in making their beers.
A craft fair is a fair
Craft fairs run concurrently around the town.
Craft services knows all, the director knows nothing.
Craft work can provide a necessary balance in life.
Craft work provides a few wooden objects and vessels for trade.
A craft is a job
Craft booths on the brick street, carnival, and educational exhibits.
Craft classes enhance worker skills.
Craft floats patiently through the darkness of an age like a wordless, unopened book.
Craft have (part) sections.
Craft have capability.
Craft have time travel capability.
Craft isa job.
Craft isa occupation.
Craft isa vehicle.
Craft leaps off the page instantly.
Craft links for kids too.
Craft messages about exciting elements in the film.
Craft selling opportunities abound today, especially with computers.
Craft show listings for northeast United States.
Craft show listings.
Craft shows and antique shops are especially plentiful in and around the Little Rock area.
Craft survey questions to discover what people want from the business and from the Web site.
Craft use techniques.
Craft work research and documentation.
Craft works in glass, ceramic, metal, and textiles.
Craft works of baked clay or terracotta continue to be a major art form in India.
Crafts abound here.
Crafts also play a big role in the holiday season.
Crafts are a big part of learning for children in the early grades.
Crafts are a fun way to stimulate language.
Crafts are a fun, relaxing way to spend time.
Crafts are a great way to meet new people and make something cool at the same time.
Crafts are a modern day remedy for stress.
Crafts are also for sale.
Crafts are also part of the experience.
Crafts are always a welcome program.
Crafts are always fun.
Crafts are another staple of Morocco.
Crafts are available at a country store set up for the occasion.
Crafts are available at indoor and outdoor marketplaces.
Crafts are available at the hotel or the womens craft shop right next door.
Crafts are available for purchase.
Crafts are available in a wide range of prices.
Crafts are big business.
Crafts are classes.
Crafts are for sale in the restored country store.
Crafts are fun and quick.
Crafts are fun even without a puppet show as an end goal.
Crafts are hobbies.
Crafts are in fashion with contemporary woman.
Crafts are mainly in wood, pottery, leather, metals, hard stones and bamboo.
Crafts are making.
Crafts are more maneuverable too.
Crafts are on sale.
Crafts are one of the scheduled activities for children.
Crafts are opportunities for learning patience, creativity and fun.
Crafts are recreational activities.
Crafts are skills.
Crafts are spectacular here.
Crafts are subject to change, depending on what supplies are available.
Crafts are to create a specific item, like a placemat or vase or some such.
Crafts are vehicles.
Crafts are wood carving, metalworking, plaiting, and mat and basket weaving.
Crafts Ask if there is a craft shop nearby.
Crafts begin for the season with a special craft for all ages.
Crafts Call for prices and availability of items.
Crafts can be a fun way to keep kids absorbed, and consider something they can take home.
Crafts can be a fun way to spend an evening.
Crafts can be anything related to bugs.
Crafts can be easy, fun, and provide a unique family experience.
Crafts can be more beautiful and interesting than machine-produced items.
Crafts completely handmade made of natural wood, cutlery in wood, etc.
Crafts -Decorate pinatas, create paper flowers, make god's eyes.
Crafts figure prominently on the retail landscape.
Crafts Find many craft ideas here.
Crafts fit wonderfully into their stressed-out schedules and budgets.
Crafts Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Crafts help reinforce concepts.
Crafts Let's face it, children are a challenge as well as a joy.
Crafts Make a fun craft in a one hour lesson - instructor and all materials included.
Crafts Make autumn leaf or acorn coasters from felt and decorate.
Crafts Make bubble solution and have children use everyday objects to blow bubbles.
Crafts Make craft items that are suitable for different activities.
Crafts Make snowflakes out of paper.
Crafts Make unique craft items for students to take home.
Crafts pass time The novelty of winter has probably worn off by now.
Crafts provide an important source of income for people of various cultures worldwide.
Crafts ranging from candles, soaps, dolls, wood, children's, are much more.
Crafts shows and fairs are frequent in all seasons.
Crafts Start the year off with a few laughs.
Crafts still have an interest, too.
Crafts store on premises.
Crafts use cardboard tubes and inexpensive decorating supplies.
Crafts vary from week to week.
Crafts Welcome to the home of quality handmade wood toys .
All craft pull down.
All crafts are American handmade items.
All crafts are hand made and hand painted.
All crafts are handmade by talented seniors.
All crafts are to be done onsite and are limited to supplies on hand.
All crafts come with a variety of statistics, such as crew number and impulse rating.
All crafts come with complete online instructions.
Any craft used for transportation on the water is considered a vessel.
Every craft has unique handling characterists.
Every craft is devoted to fishing, so there are no speedboats or sailboats for rent as bareboats.
Every craft needs to have a person who only goes by one name.
Many crafts are simple enough to be made by children to give as gifts.
Many crafts take up to a year or more to make.
Most craft have capability.
Most craft have time travel capability.
Most crafts are inexpensive to make.
Some craft carry cases.
Some craft require only the finishing touches.
Some crafts are messy, so please wear old clothes.
Some crafts are Mint to be together.
Some crafts have fees.
Some crafts have limited openings, so please read the above carefully and come early.
Some crafts make it to the bottom in one piece.
A crafter is a creator
Crafter is a software package for designing three- dimensional models of spacecraft.
Crafter is available for download free of charge.
Crafters are hard to get to know.
Crafters are so helpful and willing to share their expertise.
Crafters Are Special.
Crafters are welcome in our organization.
Crafters are welcome to participate at no charge.
Crafters can check out our crafts links page.
Crafters can impress friends and family with a rainbow-colored afghan or a stocking cap with fringe.
Crafters can mix and match the shapes to create their own nautical themed designs.
Crafters can post what they want and what they are willing to exchange.
Crafters caution that the rule of supply and demand applies.
Crafters check out our site often to see fabulous new designs.
Crafters clearly can make the world a more loving, warm and endearing place for everyone.
Crafters come from all over the country, and local and regional artisans participate.
Crafters come from far and wide to ply their wares and show off their many talents.
Crafters enjoy the versatility of multiple shades of natural colors and textures.
Crafters have several service options.
Crafters have stationary displays as well as items for sale.
Crafters receive fair wages for their work.
Crafters save on craft supplies, craft gifts, new craft items etc.
Crafters say they are subject to the whim of public taste.
Crafters talk among themselves to get information about optimal markups.
Crafters Tell Their Tales .
Crafters Tell Their Tales.
Crafters vary from day to day.
Crafters vary from weekend to weekend.
Crafters work in teams to dress the dolls and compete for prizes.
Crafters often reuse the durable acrylic boxes to separate individual colors.
All crafters are juried to ensure high quality and minimal merchandise duplication.
All crafters are responsible for the quality of their own crafts.
All crafters welcome to sell thier goods.
All crafters welcome.
Any crafters can just get in touch.
Many crafters are against paid parking and advance ticket sales.
Many crafters attempt to make the image permanent by heating in the dryer or with a iron.
Many crafters display wares reminiscent of the antebellum period.
Most crafters accepted in previous years return to their existing booths.
Most crafters are loath to reveal how much they make.
Most crafters produce items that are home decor or gift items.
Most crafters use shelves in their booths.
Some crafters like to work with the material on either a lap frame or one that stands on the floor.
Some crafters roll the clove-studded fruit in ground cinnamon for a more complex fragrance.
All Craftique furniture is constructed of high grade, select mahogany or cherry wood.
A craftsman is a creator
Craftsman cabins in a private wooded site have kitchenettes.
Craftsman construct exhibits for the museum.
Craftsman hopes to add spade bits, masonry bits and larger twist drills next year.
Craftsman is a style with a low-pitched, gabled roof and a wide, unenclosed eaves overhang.
Craftsmans are artisans.
Craftsmans are creators.
Craftsmans are professionals.
Craftsmans are skilled workers.
Craftsmans are workers.
Craftsmen also use cold and hot glue, formalin and varnish to improve their job.
Craftsmen are anxious to see new materials and designs, and share their mastery of the craft.
Craftsmen are frequently on site demonstrating the crafts and wares of that bygone era.
Craftsmen are in especially short supply.
Craftsmen are responsible for providing their own setups.
Craftsmen are welcome to display and sell their crafts.
Craftsmen can consider themselves as artists.
Craftsmen clean and honor their tools.
Craftsmen comment about how the world-wide recession has affected their art form.
Craftsmen demonstrate the creation and mounting of various pieces.
Craftsmen display their wares while musicians, jugglers, magicians and costumed characters perform.
Craftsmen enter the cycle of building twice.
Craftsmen first make the body, then determine if it meets standards of a classical concert guitar.
Craftsmen form slit gongs by hollowing out a log through a narrow opening.
Craftsmen form the beads by pulling a string of molten glass across a room.
Craftsmen keep alive a vibrant tradition that goes back many hundred years.
Craftsmen make large trays that seem to be woven like a carpet with several different kinds of wood.
Craftsmen make utilitarian items from copper, brass, silver, leather and fur.
Craftsmen pay annual dues, course registration fees, craft supplies costs and social activity costs.
Craftsmen use avariety of raw materials.
Craftsmen work in a pre-literate world.
Any craftsman knows that bargain-basement tools cost more in the end.
Every craftsman needs tools.
Many craftsmen eliminate the bunad entirely.
Many craftsmen make a limited number of unique,collectable and custom designed accessories.
Some craftsmen participate in large wholesale shows or markets.
Craftsmanship becomes important.
Craftsmanship has value as the semiotic opposite of mass production.
Craftsmanship is a dying institution.
Craftsmanship is a key essential to any building endeavor.
Craftsmanship is a lost concept.
Craftsmanship is a skill
Craftsmanship is as important or more important than parts quality.
Craftsmanship is excellent.
Craftsmanship is good, although the sentences are choppy.
Craftsmanship is good.
Craftsmanship is just outstanding.
Craftsmanship is like they used to be.
Craftsmanship is meticulous.
Craftsmanship is more important than ever.
Craftsmanship is more of an attitude.
Craftsmanship is outstanding.
Craftsmanship is poor.
Craftsmanship is represented mainly by skilled open-work and embroidery.
Craftsmanship is still alive.
Craftsmanship is stressed.
Craftsmanship is the best.
Craftsmanship is the issue here.
Craftsmanship is the result.
Craftsmanship is the sole criteria used in their evaluation.
Craftsmanship is top notch.
Craftsmanship is top-notch.
Craftsmanship is unbelievable.
Craftsmanship meets confidence.
Craftsmanship remains a wonderful virtue, but it's no substitute for genius.
Craftsmanship still lacks.
Crafty parents can paint crests on each one with fabric paint or dye crayons.
Crafty people deal only in generalizations.
Crafty politicians win a few more.
Crafty projects take on all forms.
Crafty types are welcome, but no skills are required, just a desire to help kids feel loved.
A crag is a cliff
Crags are cliffs.
Most crags are now more or less or nearly open, but almost all have some conditions attached.
Some crags are quite a distance from the campsite.
Some crags have unique environmental features.
Craggy cliffs punctuate the terrain.
Craggy mountain ranges surround the city magnifying colorful dawn and dusk light displays.
Craggy mountains seem to tower over the backyard as they loom in the background.
Craggy rocks overlooking a field with sparse cover and a few perches provides ideal habitat.
Crake is seemingly unable to form connections with individuals apart from Jimmy.
Crake isa bird.
Crake lives life on an even emotional keel, never giving in to anger or passion.
Crake suggests creating a system that makes mating a reciprocal cycle.
Crakes are found throughout the world.
Crakes have (part) air sacs.
Crakes have (part) bird's feet.
Crakes have (part) brains.
Crakes have (part) breasts.
Crakes have (part) cell membranes.
Crakes have (part) cells.
Crakes have (part) chest cavities.
Crakes have (part) chests.
Crakes have (part) corpi.
Crakes have (part) cytoplasm.
Crakes have (part) ears.
Crakes have (part) faces.
Crakes have (part) flight feathers.
Crakes have (part) heads.
Crakes have (part) lips.
Crakes have (part) mouths.
Crakes have (part) nuclei.
Crakes have (part) plasma membranes.
Crakes have (part) quill feathers.
Crakes have (part) rib cages.
Crakes have (part) second joints.
Crakes have (part) sections.
Crakes have (part) skulls.
Crakes have (part) sterna.
Crakes have (part) talons.
Crakes have (part) vacuoles.
Crakes have (part) wishbones.
Crakes live in estuaries.
Some crakes have broad wings.
Some crakes have diets.
Some crakes have omnivorous diets.
Some crakes have wings.
Some crakes lose ability.
A crammer is a tutor
Some crammers use names on telephone bills that intend to mislead or confuse the consumer.
Cramp Bark is known to quickly affect accompanying discomfort.
Cramp is a symptom
Cramp is clamps.
Cramp is illnesses.
Cramp is strips.
Cramps appear in the spine, legs and forearms.
Cramps appear to be caused by the lack of water replenishment.
Cramps are a pain.
Cramps are a prominent complaint.
Cramps are common during physical activities such as jogging and swimming.
Cramps are constant in the lombar region, hip, thigh and leg n foot.
Cramps are due to severe loss of water through sweating.
Cramps are indeed normal.
Cramps are involuntary muscle contractions.
Cramps are likely.
Cramps are pretty painful.
Cramps are serious because they can be a warning of other more dangerous heat-induced illnesses.
Cramps are uterine contractions that are stimulated by chemicals called prostaglandins.
Cramps become less frequent as a person becomes used to the heat.
Cramps can also occur with low thyroid states and with certain muscle diseases.
Cramps can also result from cooler temperatures, sometimes immediately.
Cramps can be different in each woman.
Cramps can be dull and achy or sharp and intense.
Cramps can eventually lead to heat exhaustion, dehydration exhaustion or, at worst, a heat stroke.
Cramps can happen after or during exercise.
Cramps can happen anywhere in the body, though they have a particular affection for the calves.
Cramps can involve part or all of a muscle, or several muscles in a group.
Cramps can last for a couple of hours to a few days.
Cramps commonly occur in the calf and abdominal muscles.
Cramps have lots of different causes.
Cramps hold the ribs in position while the glue sets.
Cramps is common with hypoparathyroidism.
Cramps is the cause of too much anaerobic respiration.
Cramps occur from overexertion, cold or poor circulation.
Cramps occur in muscles when they are overstressed.
Cramps occur most often in the muscles of the leg or foot.
Cramps occur when the body loses water faster than it can replace it.
Cramps prevent coition.
Cramps range from light to very severe and usually start several hours after taking misoprostol.
Cramps reflect the effect of prostaglandins produced and acting in a progesterone-rich environment.
Cramps typically occur at night, are sporadic and random, and usually last only seconds to minutes.
Cramps often develop near the end of intense or prolonged exercise, or the night after.
Cramps often occur when an athlete is dehydrated.
Cramps sometimes continue longer and relapses can occur.
Cramps usually affect muscles in the abdomen, arms, or legs and usually occur after heavy activity.
Cramps usually go away on their own without seeing a doctor.
Cramps usually occur in the legs, arms and abdomen.
More cramped planes mean even more severe baggage restrictions on charter aircraft.
Cramped quarters are a widespread problem.
Cramped quarters teach valuable lessons of common courtesy and responsibility.
Cramped toes are bad, but so are loose, sloppy ones.
A crampon is a spike
Crampon is made from strong lightweight aluminum.
Crampons are definitely in order for any trip from now till spring.
Crampons are devices that people attach to their boots to help climb on the ice.
Crampons are helpful up high.
Crampons are metal spikes that attach to boots and provide traction for icy, treacherous trails.
Crampons are metal.
Crampons are spikes.
Crampons are spike-soled boots.
Crampons are the most vital link in the system and require special care on a continual basis.
Crampons are useful for safety.
Crampons are useful on such occasions.
Crampons are useless.
Crampons are veryu helpfull.
Crampons are, basically, spiked metal devices strapped to the bottom of a climber's boots.
Crampons can also be useful for traction in snow.
Crampons fit well crusted snow on ice.
Crampons have sharp edges that can pierce both skin and other equipment.
Crampons have sharp points on the bottom and front of the boot.
Crampons have two components which define their use and hence their grade.
Crampons shriek on rock, but are welcome in snow.
Crampy pain occurs with muscle spasms of the various abdominal organs.
Cranberry angel trumpets in fanfare Announcing the child to come.
Cranberry beds show little winter damage as a result of deeper snow cover.
Cranberry bloom is underway.
Cranberry bogs are farms.
Cranberry cameo leaves, stems and buds.
Cranberry concentrate has no known side effects and is safe to use during pregnancy and lactation.
Cranberry concentrate provides the same natural acidity found in cranberry juice.
Cranberry extract adds a naturally fruity aroma.
Cranberry fields are still dormant.
Cranberry flowers require bee visitation for pollination.
Cranberry folks are resourceful people.
Cranberry fruit helps maintain a healthy urinary tract.
Most cranberry fruits look very similar.
Cranberry glassware is a truly exquisite gift.
Cranberry glassware makes an elegant gift.
Cranberry growers are no exception.
Cranberry growers are ready.
Many cranberry growers flood the bogs at harvest time.
Cranberry leaves are small and attached to the stem with a very short petiole.
Cranberry plants are found in acidic bogs in cooler areas of the northern hemisphere .
Cranberry plants are found in acidic bogs in cooler areas of the northern hemisphere.
Cranberry plants are shallow rooted and desiccate easily.
Cranberry plants grow as small, trailing evergreen shrubs.
Cranberry poultices are helpful.
Cranberry prices are so very low.
Cranberry production is now the major industry.
Cranberry relish is so easy to make with a food processor or even by hand and tastes so much better.
Cranberry tarts are one of the American table luxuries.
Cranberry vines are propagated by moving vines from an established bed.
Cranberry vines continue to produce year after year.
Cranberry vines grow longer each year.
A cranberry is a bush
Cranberries add tangy flavor to everything from stuffing and sauces to beverages and barbecues.
Cranberries are a delightful surprise in baking, sauces, many recipe dishes.
Cranberries are a healthy food.
Cranberries are a major crop in the wetlands.
Cranberries are a native American wetland fruit.
Cranberries are a native fruit of New England, and grow in bogs outside of town.
Cranberries are a tasty, colorful addition to apple pies or mincemeat pies.
Cranberries are a unique fruit.
Cranberries are also a good source of vitamin C, iron and fibre.
Cranberries are also a major crop.
Cranberries are also high in vitamin C and are a good source of fiber.
Cranberries are also popular in many recipes.
Cranberries are also rich in benzoic acid which acidifies the urine.
Cranberries are also useful in treating and preventing urinary tract infections.
Cranberries are another regional food that are very popular.
Cranberries are antiscorbutic, meaning that they are effective in preventing and treating scurvy.
Cranberries are bands.
Cranberries are berries.
Cranberries are even more American than apple pie.
Cranberries are fruit.
Cranberries are good sources of vitamin C and fiber.
Cranberries are highly nutritious, but they also can be expensive.
Cranberries are ideal fruits for kidney health.
Cranberries are in demand for flavoring juice mix drinks, added flavor for some wines.
Cranberries are in the middle of bloom.
Cranberries are located in grocery stores.
Cranberries are members of the heath family.
Cranberries are one of only a few native North American fruits.
Cranberries are one of three indigenous fruits.
Cranberries are optional.
Cranberries are plants that are found naturally associated with wetland habitats.
Cranberries are plants.
Cranberries are relatively shallow rooted.
Cranberries are self-fruitful, meaning that pollen from a flower can pollinate itself.
Cranberries are sensitive to chloride, so the sulfate form is preferred.
Cranberries are shrubs.
Cranberries are strong commercial crops for certain U.S. states .
Cranberries are strong commercial crops for certain U.S. states.
Cranberries are the chief crop, and fishing is an important industry.
Cranberries are the easiest berry to find.
Cranberries are the last wild crop of the year around Penobscot Bay.
Cranberries are very site-specific, thriving in acidic soil and sand.
Cranberries are very sour, so manufacturers use a lot of sugar to sweeten the juice.
Cranberries are Wisconsin's leading fruit crop both in terms of acreage and value.
Cranberries are Wisconsin's number one fruit crop.
Cranberries are wonderful at holiday time.
Cranberries benefit general urinary tract health, preventing urinary tract infections.
Cranberries can be either dry or wet harvested.
Cranberries certainly look appealing.
Cranberries contain fruit sugar, fructose, which stops some bacteria from sticking to cells.
Cranberries contain iron and iodine and are especially healthful.
Cranberries contain proanthocyanidins.
Cranberries fight bladder infections.
Cranberries freeze very well.
Cranberries grow on a slender, trailing North American shrub.
Cranberries grow on vines that, if well cared for, live indefinitely.
Cranberries grow wild only on low vines in the sandy soil of Massachusetts and New Jersey.
Cranberries have a long history as a health aid.
Cranberries have unripe fruit with orange or red coloring on a single side.
Cranberries help acidify the urine, destroy bacteria, and restore the bladder.
Cranberries help acidify the urine, which can prevent bacteria from adhering to the urinary tract.
Cranberries help reduce the amount of calcium in the urine.
Cranberries is a major portion of that.
Cranberries keep for quite sometime.
Cranberries keep well in the freezer.
Cranberries make up a significant portion of New Jersey's agricultural industry.
Cranberries offer several important health benefits.
Cranberries prevent or cure, prostatitis, which leads to prostate cancer.
Cranberries provide a tart flavor and brilliant color and apples provide sweetness and crunch.
Cranberries refer to bogs and swamps.
Cranberries require an acid soil to survive.
Cranberries require up to one inch of water per week during the growing season.
Cranberries say they've hired three musicologists of their own, who've found no such similarity.
Crane Beach is also a critical home to several species of nesting and migratory shorebirds.
Crane Beach is managed for both conservation and recreation - wildlife and people.
Crane Beach is wonderful family home.
A crane fly is an insect
Crane flies are agricultural pests with very long legs and the ability to fly.
Crane flies are beneficial and harmless insects.
Crane flies are flies.
Crane flies are found worldwide , though individual species usually have limited ranges.
Crane flies are good examples of life cycles timed to food source availability or temperature.
Crane flies are insects.
Crane flies are large tan-colored fragile flies with long legs.
Crane flies eat the root and the crown of the grass plant, and can devastate a lawn.
Crane flies look like giant mosquitoes and are very common.
Crane flies look like Texas-sized mosquitoes and have been incorrectly called mosquito hawks.
Crane flies look similar to large mosquitoes .
Crane flies look similar to large mosquitoes.
Crane flies occur chiefly in damp situations where there is aboundant vegetation.
Crane flies occur chiefly in damp situations with abundant vegetation.
Crane flies serve several important roles in the ecosystem.
Crane operator spreads both hands apart, palms up.
Crane operators require an apprenticeship of one to three years or crane operation courses.
A crane is a lifting device
Crane accepts personal applications only.
Crane advances the traditional medium of quilting into new realms of visual illusion and sensuality.
Crane asks questions rather than providing answers.
Crane chicks sparring with each other.
Crane claims no cash or bank accounts.
Crane composts in windrows and uses a loader to turn.
Crane considers club-fitting an integral fundamental part of the game.
Crane contacts overhead power line during freeway construction.
Crane counters that the seniority system promotes party cohesiveness.
Crane does stockpile conventional ammunition.
Crane explains the thinking behind the decision.
Crane flies in the Galveston-Houston region are fragile with long legs and are tan in color.
Crane flies occasionally eat nectar.
Crane fly damage to lawn.
Crane fly larvae feed primarily on decomposing organic matter.
Crane goes missing and the ensuing investigation uncovers an unspeakable secret.
Crane hire and access platform sales and hire.
Crane investigates the beheadings, and finds there is more than what the townspeople claim.
Crane is a name synonomous with elegance in stationery.
Crane is a symbol of longevity in Korea.
Crane is a unique educational community.
Crane is a vital component of the state's economy.
Crane is also communications coordinator at the hospital.
Crane is an engineer.
Crane is calm in the face of such poor reviews.
Crane is fully capable of finding solutions that require special stamping dies and molds.
Crane is on the cutting edge in that regard.
Crane is one of many physicians who have complained about the restrictions of formularies.
Crane is rich in publishing and print history with many historic industry firsts.
Crane is serious.
Crane is so cool.
Crane is the protagonist and comic relief all at the same time.
Crane is third on the team with five pinfalls.
Crane is use to hold steel beam supports while attached to walls of Administrative Area.
Crane knows a bit about the affects of the digitization of music.
Crane later leaves Life of Agony as well.
Crane lowers from pod.
Crane makes bombs.
Crane means long-shanks.
Crane promotes the idea of service learning.
Crane ranks fourth in passing average per game and sixth in total offense.
Crane remains free on bond.
Crane s past work experience includes a successful history in marketing, selling and management.
Crane scales, plat.
Crane seeks compensatory damages, punitive dam- ages, injunctive relief, costs, and attorney's fees.
Crane sets the windmill on fire and they escape.
Crane sets top piece.
Crane still gets requests for autographs almost every day.
Crane suggests buying portable alarms, carrying a cell phone and avoiding pepper spray.
Crane teaches courses in journalism, documentary research, scriptwriting, and critical thinking.
Crane turns up and down and extends.
Crane uses simple writing and dialogue to convey complex ideas.
Crane winds up raping the young Lennon without a second thought the heinous deed.
Cranes abound in the cornfields around the Platte.
Cranes adding new skyscrapers to the skyline dominate any view of the city.
Cranes also eat small mammals or birds and eggs.
Cranes also engage in a variety of more circumscribed threat gestures.
Cranes also perform many interesting threat displays and other ritualized postures.
Cranes are a particular focus.
Cranes are a symbol of good luck in Japan.
Cranes are a very secretive species requiring large, open freshwater wetlands and shallow marshes.
Cranes are aggressive birds.
Cranes are also political ambassadors.
Cranes are among the oldest living bird groups.
Cranes are among the oldest living birds on the planet.
Cranes are among the oldest living birds on the plant.
Cranes are an ancient type of wading bird .
Cranes are an ancient type of wading bird.
Cranes are an important group of animals, as the tallest flying bird being a crane.
Cranes are at home in the sky.
Cranes are available to rent by the hour, day, week, or month on a fully operated and insured basis.
Cranes are birds.
Cranes are common in both low and highlands.
Cranes are diurnal or daytime migrants and use thermals to their advantage.
Cranes are excellent indicators of the health of wetland and grassland ecosystems worldwide.
Cranes are fast runners and fliers, they also swim.
Cranes are highly social birds that live in large flocks .
Cranes are highly social birds that live in large flocks.
Cranes are highly vocal and have a large vocabulary of specialized calls .
Cranes are important symbols in Japan and China as well as Africa and even Australia.
Cranes are in Nebraska for just one reason, to eat heartily and store energy for their migration.
Cranes are large wading birds with long legs and a long neck.
Cranes are last in importance at construction sites.
Cranes are long-legged long necked wading birds, usually with white or gray plumage.
Cranes are magical creatures that are symbolic of long life.
Cranes are majestic and enigmatic birds.
Cranes are mechanical devices.
Cranes are omnivores .
Cranes are omnivores.
Cranes are opportunistic feeders.
Cranes are our living birdge to an ancient past.
Cranes are particularly useful in setting roof panels to upper floors.
Cranes are smart and wary.
Cranes are symbolic of long life, good luck, and prosperity in many Asian cultures.
Cranes are tall birds with long legs .
Cranes are tall birds with long legs.
Cranes are tall, stately birds with a heavy body, long neck and long legs.
Cranes are territorial and generally seasonal breeders.
Cranes are the symbol of long and peaceful life.
Cranes are unique and are among the most spectacular of the bird families.
Cranes are very sensitive.
Cranes are very tall, shun civilization, and belong to a different bird family.
Cranes are very vocal .
Cranes are very vocal.
Cranes arrive and prepare to do the heavy lifting for the foundation of the new science building.
Cranes attack aerial predators by leaping into the air and kicking their feet forward.
Cranes build a ground nest out of plant materials.
Cranes can make sounds that are heard from far away .
Cranes can make sounds that are heard from far away.
Cranes construct platform nests in shallow water, and typically lay two eggs at a time.
Cranes continue to be used in new symbolic ways around the world.
Cranes dot the skyline and construction workers have taken over from the farmers.
Cranes dot the skyline.
Cranes dump the aggregate into a barge that awaits beside.
Cranes eat snails, larval insects, leeches, frogs, minnows, small rodents, and berries.
Cranes employ different foraging techniques for different food types.
Cranes fill the skyline as new modern skyscrapers fill the once traditional neighborhoods.
Cranes fly with their neck outstretched.
Cranes form lifelong monogamous pair bonds.
Cranes gather each evening in shallow, secluded marshes during migration called staging areas.
Cranes gather each evening in shallow, secluded marshes during migration.
Cranes have a daily routine.
Cranes have a remarkable ability to find each other through vocalizing.
Cranes have large wings, a long neck, and long legs.
Cranes have long legs for wading through marshes and long beaks to reach into the water for fish.
Cranes have long legs for wading through vegetation and water.
Cranes have much better hearing and sight capabilities than humans.
Cranes have no idea of a wire's width.
Cranes have relatively light heads and necks, and can fly the normal way with neck outstretched.
Cranes have trouble seeing wires because nothing like wires exists in nature.
Cranes have trouble seeing wires because there is nothing like wires in nature.
Cranes have two remarkable characteristics.
Cranes have unusual behaviors.
Cranes interrupt the skyline, loading lumber and coal onto ships in the bay.
Cranes interrupt the skyline, loading lumber and coal onto ships.
Cranes know when it's time to fly south for winter, and back north for summer.
Cranes lift the sections into place on the foundation.
Cranes live on all continents except Antarctica and South America .
Cranes look superficially like herons and their relatives.
Cranes mate for life and live longer than most birds.
Cranes mate for life and often pair when they are three to six years old.
Cranes mate for life and symbolize faithfulness and protection of family.
Cranes migrate in winter to freshwater wetlands and shallow ponds.
Cranes pick up the scrap and dump it into rail cars for a short ride to the mill.
Cranes place a whole section of new track in position.
Cranes prefer aquatic habitats mostly, than drier environments.
Cranes prefer short grasses or grazed pastures over tall prairies.
Cranes produce genetically unique offspring through sexual reproduction.
Cranes provide a motif for much of the art work and there are cranes in residence as well.
Cranes provide a well-known example.
Cranes require side-river channels for their nocturnal roosts.
Cranes rest on one leg during the night, with the head and neck tucked on or under a shoulder.
Cranes settle in the pines.
Cranes sleep in shallow water, hummocks and on dikes, all which provide protection from predators.
Cranes spend most of the daylight hours in areas where food is most abundant.
Cranes spend the night roosting in shallow open water areas.
Cranes use their call to signal danger, to defend their territory, and to court potential mates.
Cranes written is also extremely descriptive.
Cranes always stand on the ground, never in trees.
Cranes often migrate in large flocks when conditions are favorable.
Cranes usually build their nests in marshy areas and lay two eggs at a time .
Cranes usually build their nests in marshy areas and lay two eggs at a time.
Cranes usually depart when high pressure systems brings south or east winds and sunshine to Texas.
All cranes are able to defend themselves quite well .
All cranes are able to defend themselves quite well.
All cranes are basically diurnal in their habits.
All cranes are protected by international agreement .
All cranes are protected by international agreement.
All cranes pull trailers that haul loads.
Every crane is bit of good luck.
Many cranes spend nights roosting by the Platte River in Nebraska.
Some cranes even cross the Bering Sea and breed in northeastern Siberia.
Some cranes have a feathery head crest.
Some cranes use electromagnets to pick up cars.
A cranesbill is a geranium
Cranesbill works well as an edging, in front of borders and in casual plantings.
Cranial branch has some fibers distributed to coelomic viscera along with the vagus nerve.
Cranial capacity exceeds that of man today.
Cranial capacity is another important criterion.
Cranial content is usually somewhat lacking.
Cranial development is suppressed.
Cranial ganglia are much larger and have connections both centrally and projecting to the periphery.
Cranial kinesis describes the mobility of the maxilla or upper jaw.
Cranial molding is conducted in conjunction with orthotics.
Cranial motion represents part of the craniosacral respiratory mechanism.
A cranial nerve is a nerve
Cranial nerves appear intact.
Cranial nerves are brains.
Cranial nerves are grossly intact.
Cranial nerves are intact.
Cranial nerves are nerves of brain.
Cranial nerves are nerves.
Cranial nerves are normal.
Cranial nerves arise mainly from the ventral brainstem.
Cranial nerves carry impulses to and from the brain.
Cranial nerves emerge from the brain and the spinal nerves emerge from the spinal cord.
Cranial nerves go to the eye muscles.
Cranial nerves go to the side of the face.
Cranial nerves move eyes together usually.
Many cranial nerves contain more than one type of neuron.
Most cranial nerves enter and exit the brain from the medulla and rostrally adjacent pons.
Some cranial nerves are mixed nerves with both sensory and motor functions.
Some cranial nerves are visible.
Cranial osteopathy involves gentle manipulation of bones in the head and spine.
Cranial osteopathy is a special technique to resolve compression or distortion of the crainal bones.
Cranial osteopathy is a subspecialty of osteopathic manipulative medicine performed by a physician.
Cranial osteopathy is a sub-specialty within osteopathic manipulative medicine.
Cranial radiation can also cause fatigue.
Cranial radiation can also hamper brain development.
Cranial radiation is associated with greater risk of declines in intellectual and other abilities.
Cranial software needs to be shaped, modelled, mediated and nourished.
Cranial surgery dates back to Mesolithic.
Cranial volume is a trait much overemphasized by anthropologists and others.
Cranial work is done with the client fully clothed, lying on the massage table.
Cranial work promotes well-bing by balancing the autonomic nervous system.
Craniofacial anthropometry involves measurement of the skull and face.
Craniofacial disorders range from mild to severe, and can affect function and appearance.
Craniofacial resection has an excellent cure rate if the lesion is limited to the nasal cavity.
Craniofacial surgery consists of operations on the soft tissues and bones in the head and face.
Craniofacial surgery focuses on the correction of deformities of the bones of the skull and face.
Craniofacial surgery is carried out in the main centres of Auckland, Wellington and Christchurch .
Craniofacial teratomas are true neoplasms arising from misplaced embryologic germ cells.
Craniosacral massage involves massaging the bones of the skull and sometimes also the spine.
Craniosacral therapists allege that the skull can move and be manipulated.
Craniosacral therapists recognise health as an active principle.
Craniosacral therapists study cranial work exclusively for a minimum of one year.
Craniosacral therapy addresses the boney and soft tissue imbalances thus eliminating the pain.
Craniosacral therapy can help to alleviate headaches and neck and back pain.
Craniosacral therapy is a hands on method of treatment to improve health and function.
Craniosacral therapy manipulates the bones of the skull to treat a range of conditions.
Craniosacral work is the gentle movement of the bones of a child s head and sacrum.
A cranium is a bone
Cranium comes with a game board, four movers, four decks of cards and a color-coded die.
Cranium is a brain box.
Cranium is a good example of one of our many party games.
Cranium is great for pre-teens, teens and adults, and is for four or more people.
Cranium is here.
Cranium is the scientific name of the skull.
Cranium isa bone.
Cranium Play the board game where everyone gets a chance to show off.
Craniums are board games.
Craniums are bones.
Craniums are part of skulls.
Craniums have (part) bone cells.
Craniums have (part) cell membranes.
Craniums have (part) corpi.
Craniums have (part) cytoplasm.
Craniums have (part) ground substances.
Craniums have (part) hip sockets.
Craniums have (part) marrow.
Craniums have (part) mast cells.
Craniums have (part) nuclei.
Craniums have (part) plasma membranes.
Craniums have (part) sections.
Craniums have (part) vacuoles.
Some craniums are part of heads.
Some craniums are part of skulls.
Crank shaft is forged by high clss steel materials.
A crank is a controlled substance
A crank is speed
Crank calls from Arnold.
Crank handle counter-clockwise to retract.
Crank handle in place and secured.
Crank is Dead.
Crank is simple to make from household chemicals and non-prescription drugs.
Crank loosens slightly on a consistent basis.
Crank refers to any form of methamphetamine, and ice is a crystallized smokable form.
Crank refers to any form of methamphetamine.
Crank roll back sunroof.
Crank starts easily.
Crank turns rolls easily.
Crank turns, mouthpiece moves up and down, receiver can be removed from hanger.
Cranks also use either a two piece rear main oil seal or a one piece rear main oil seal.
Cranks are especially good for searching large areas and for low-visibility conditions.
Cranks are hand tools.
Cranks are king on the eyes.
Cranks can take a lot of abuse.
Cranks get loose every once in a while, grips,pedals, rims.
Cranks is another cheap option which has place all over the place.
Cranks turn in unison, so arms can do the work and still involve legs passively.
Cranks work well on a tree line or creek channel .
All cranks require balancing after our lightening service is performed.
Some cranks have smaller journals depending on a number of things.
Crankbait bite is on gravel, protected gravel pockets, a good area to key on.
Crankcase dilution can be another source of fuel vapors during transient testing.
A crankcase is a housing
Crankcases are line honed.
Crankcases ride automated cars between stations as they are finished.
A crankshaft is a shaft
Crankshafts are part of reciprocating engines.
Crankshafts are reground and polished, and all oil holes are chamfered.
Crankshafts are reground, oil holes are champhered and micro polished.
All crankshaft are precision balanced, both statically and dynamically to provide long life.
Cranky drivers yell at drunken night clubbers stumbling across the street.
Cranky masks can be very uncooperative.
Cranky parents make different decisions than happy parents.
Cranky people are necessary to keep the inconsiderate, rude, people in-line.
Cranky people are no fun to live with.
Cranky workers are unhappy workers, and unhappy workers are neither efficient nor effective.
A cranny is a hole
Crannies have a weird head and an angry look.
Cranny isa shape.
Any cranny offers it a place of refuge.
Crap can be really funny.
Crap comes out of both ends.
Crap dont stink.
Crap is BEST when it comes in jokes.
Crap is crap and it all smells the same.
Crap is crap.
Crap is dejection
Crap is deleted and abusers dealt with.
Crap is fecal matter.
Crap is for testing purposes.
Crap is games of chance.
Crap is good.
Crap is located in fraternity houses.
Crap is twos.
Crap is usually on sale all year 'round, people.
Crap is what all the nuts on TV are wailing about - just because people want to pick on the 'net.
Crap just forget the whole thing.
Crap look at the line.
Crap skims the surface.
Craps are like detergent.
Craps are triple odds.
Craps can be a dangerous game.
Craps can elicit an emotional response from casino players while winning.
Craps certainly does elicit an emotional response from casino players.
Craps Click on photo for enlarged view.
Craps Go ahead, roll the dice.
Craps has many ways of wagering,which makes it at times a complicated game.
Craps involves rolling a pair of dice.
Craps is a confusing, loud, raucous game for a beginner.
Craps is a dice game.
Craps is a fast paced game played with dice and offers many exciting bets.
Craps is a fast, fun, and exciting game that is very challenging mentally as a dealer.
Craps is a game of dice.
Craps is a game played by individuals in a possible group.
Craps is a game played with dice.
Craps is a game where wagers are placed dependent on the outcome of the roll of two dice.
Craps is a game with so many different bets it can be very confusing for the beginner.
Craps is a people-oriented game.
Craps is a wonderful, exciting, profitable game for any casino-goer.
Craps is about the fastest moving game on the casino floor.
Craps is by far the fastest table game in the casino and can often be one of the most exciting.
Craps is by far the most exciting and camaraderie filled game in town.
Craps is considered America's most popular gambling game.
Craps is considered by many to be the most exciting game in any casino.
Craps is considered by many to be the premier game for gamblers.
Craps is fun.
Craps is one of the more exciting and social table games played in casinos today.
Craps is one of the most exciting casino games to play.
Craps is one of the most exciting games in the casino with some of the best odds bets in the house.
Craps is one of the most popular of all casino games.
Craps is the fastest and most exciting of the casino games.
Craps is the fastest game in casino.
Craps is to many the most exciting game in any casino.
Craps is very addictive and fully interactive.
Craps Learn the ins and outs and how to bet.
Craps Lessons A Las Vegas dice dealer breaks down the rules and strategies of the game.
Craps offers both some of the best and worst odds of any casino game.
Craps offers close to even odds on some bets, but only for experienced gamblers.
Craps Predict the outcome of a roll of the dice.
Craps remains the social game, and in the right circumstances the most fun.
Craps Throw the dice and try to win the big money.
Some crap happens and one man from each team has another man from the other team covered.
A crape myrtle is a bush
Crape myrtle grows suckers at ground level quite a lot.
Crape myrtle grows under a wide range of site and soil conditions.
Crape myrtle is a longtime favorite with southern gardeners.
Crape myrtle is very versatile in the residential landscape.
Crape myrtle requires full sun, slightly acidic soil with good drainage and minimal fertilizer.
Crape myrtles are a magnet for aphids, upon whose excrement sooty mold grows.
Crape myrtles are available in many flower colors and plant heights.
Crape myrtles are delightful trees.
Crape myrtles are shrubs.
Crape myrtles are very reliable and take the heat well.
Crape myrtles have a shallow, fibrous root system and are long lived.
Crape myrtles thrive in full sun with dry conditions.
Crape myrtles used as shrubs can have their tips pruned to remove old seed clusters.
Crape myrtles vary in shape and height based on the variety as well as how they are pruned.
All crape myrtles grow and flower best in full sun.
Some crape myrtles are highly susceptible to powdery mildew, and some years are better than others.
Crappie action can be hot fishing the dredged-out areas.
Crappie action is fair using small jigs with twister tails in all three ponds.
Crappie action is hot when the schools are found.
Crappie action is shallow and in coves.
Crappie activity is fair.
Crappie fishermen catch and eat.
Most crappie fishermen leave here elated, or at least pleased.
Crappie fishing can be excellent for smaller fish.
Crappie fishing is a great spring activity.
Crappie fishing is also good around brushpiles, docks and bridge abutments.
Crappie fishing is another main event at the Lake.
Crappie fishing is best during the spawning season with small minnows and jigs in shallow water.
Crappie fishing is best on live minnows and jigs in the flooded timber.
Crappie fishing is excellent in the large creek embayments.
Crappie fishing is excellent near any wood or standing timber.
Crappie fishing is excellent with the favorite bait being live minnows drifted in open water.
Crappie fishing is excellent, using minijigs, wobbly eyes or doll flies.
Crappie fishing is fair during the winter months.
Crappie fishing is fair in the river with the best baits being small minnows and jigs.
Crappie fishing is fair on standing timber.
Crappie fishing is fair throughout the year with live minnows being the top producer.
Crappie fishing is fair when drifting live minnows near the bottom in open water.
Crappie fishing is fair while using minnows in coves with cover.
Crappie fishing is fair, but the walleyes have slowed down.
Crappie fishing is fair.
Crappie fishing is generally good as yellow perch reach their peak and white perch commence to stir.
Crappie fishing is generally good with occasional years of excellent fishing.
Crappie fishing is good and so is sand bass fishing.
Crappie fishing is good for anglers using small minnows.
Crappie fishing is good on minnows around bushes.
Crappie fishing is good on minnows in willow bushes.
Crappie fishing is good to excellent on minnows in shallow water around brush or fallen trees.
Crappie fishing is good while fishing around weedbeds and fallen trees using jigs and minnows.
Crappie fishing is good with minnows and jigs around the banks.
Crappie fishing is hot.
Crappie fishing is like a secret religion that people keep for themselves.
Crappie fishing is pick ing up.
Crappie fishing is presently slow.
Crappie fishing is reported good at Smith Mountain Lake.
Crappie fishing is slow.
Crappie fishing is spotty at best.
Crappie fishing is steady around standing timber on the lake.
Crappie fishing is still pretty good at the Lake, mostly at night.
Crappie fishing is still very good under the bridges and around main lake points with timber.
Crappie fishing remains fair on small jigs, and a few catfish are being caught on cut mackerel.
Crappie fishing remains fair.
Crappie fishing remains good on minnows around tree tops or standing timber.
Crappie fishing remains good, with the best action coming along the river channel on minnows.
Crappie fishing remains good.
Crappie numbers fluctuate with water levels and habitat.
Crappie tournaments are two-angler, team events.
A crappie is a bony fish
Crappies are a fair size.
Crappies are abundant but grow slowly.
Crappies are active on Detroit, as well.
Crappies are also in the rivers.
Crappies are also shallow and are biting well on jigs and crappie minnows .
Crappies are an ice angler s staple sport.
Crappies are available on minnows and tiny jigs over the main river channel.
Crappies are consistent in the early evening along the shoreline and around boat docks.
Crappies are everywhere.
Crappies are fish.
Crappies are near fallen trees and other brush and are biting on small jigs tipped with minnows.
Crappies are part of crappies.
Crappies are silvery sunfish often used to stock small ponds.
Crappies are thick in the submerged brush and timber, and suspended over the creek channels.
Crappies are tougher to find in the summer months compared to the winter and spring.
Crappies are very easy to catch in great numbers when found.
Crappies are very popular sun fish that are found throughout the United States.
Crappies continue to bite very well on brush.
Crappies do very, very, very well with a minnow under a bobber.
Crappies have a well documented fondness for solid, complex structure like brushpiles.
Crappies make their move shortly after.
Crappies naturally inhabit streams but are most important as a sport fish in lakes.
Crappies offer a tremendous amount of enjoyment to Iowa anglers.
Crappies rank high in that group.
Crappies remain active near shallow culverts and bridges on Madison Lake.
Crappies respond to deep holes based on food location and climatic conditions.
Crappies school up in later season and can be found against rock walls or suspended over weed lines.
Crappies seem to prefer waxies during the day and minnows at dusk and after sundown.
Crappies spawn next.
Crappies swim into the shallows to spawn in spring, so fishing the brush is a likely bet.
Crappies tend to reside in deeper staging areas than do sunfish.
Crappies use the road bed for spawning as well as the rip-rap on the dam's face.
Crappies frequently utilize the shade offered by docks or other floating structures during summer.
Crappies often take a jig by coming up under it, inhaling it and rising in the water.
Crappies often use one area over others.
Some crappie are active in deep water with minnows and jigs.
Some crappie is taken from submerged structures near deep water.
Crappy code comes in all shapes and sizes.
Crappy movies are a great way to ruin an acting career.
Crappy movies can have some neat posters.
Crappy music rounds out the cast.
Crappy wood contains moisture.
Crary soils have a lithologic discontinuity and are moderately well drained.
Crary soils have a thin aeolian or water deposited mantle.
A crash course is a curriculum
Crash course is available.
Crash courses are available for students wishing to complete the course as quickly as possible.
Crash courses are courses of study.
Crash courses are courses.
Crash courses are films.
Crash diets are a fantastically bad idea.
Crash diets are costly, ineffective and potentially harmful.
Crash diets are difficult to maintain.
Crash diets are for dummies.
Crash diets simulate times of famine.
Crash diets tend to include large amounts of raw foods, such as fruits and vegetables.
Some crash diets have reputations.
A crash helmet is a helmet
Crash helmets are compulsory for motorcyclists.
Crash mail is sent as soon as it is entered.
Crash pads are pads a skater sticks in their pants to cusion their falls.
Crash positions lads.
Crash protection is essential to run business applications reliably on the Web.
Crash rule is in effect.
Crash severity increases with the speed of the vehicle at impact.
Crash space is available but please contact the shire.
Crash space is available.
Crash tests cost a lot of money.
Crash tests reveal whether size makes a difference when it comes to highway safety.
Crash testing is as computer-intensive as a production application can gets.
Crash time represents a limit to reduction under realistic conditions.
A crash is noise
Crash helmets on, please, everyone.
Crash isa misfortune.
Crash later commits suicide.
Crash looks great but delivers little.
Crash occurs on a lonely back road.
Crash presents such a scenario above, let's go through it.
Crash works best if it's viewed as a necrophile masque, a post-mortem look on an undead book.
Crashes also disrupt business and scare away passengers.
Crashes also increase in frequency as deadlines approach.
Crashes also rank seventh in the number of hospital discharges and length of hospital stay.
Crashes are a fact of life for most PC users and they often result in hours of rebuilding lost work.
Crashes are accidents.
Crashes are an inherent part of rally racing.
Crashes are common, but their causes are unpredictable.
Crashes are common.
Crashes are devastating to unbuckled children.
Crashes are down to perhaps one every few days, and lag is infrequent and almost never severe.
Crashes are fairly common among beginning riders - especially in the first months of riding.
Crashes are infrequent, but are catastrophic when they do happen.
Crashes are legendary.
Crashes are merely a temporary setback.
Crashes are more likely when LCVs travel under the prevailing speed.
Crashes are most often the result of driver inattention and driver error.
Crashes are nasty, but fire is the worst enemy.
Crashes are often the result of incompatible hardware drivers.
Crashes are painful and devastating.
Crashes are part of having a computer.
Crashes are quite brutal.
Crashes are spectacular and brutal.
Crashes are the leading cause death for children older than five.
Crashes are the leading cause of death for kids.
Crashes are the leading cause of death to children.
Crashes are the racing visual.
Crashes are the result of multiple errors, design, traffic control, and user.
Crashes are unacceptable.
Crashes are very rare.
Crashes are virtually non-existant.
Crashes can be spectacular but never put anyone too far behind.
Crashes can be spectacular, mind - but ridiculously so, sometimes.
Crashes can happen at any time, especially when inserting or deleting text.
Crashes can occur with serious edge re-routing.
Crashes can result in lost data, reduced productivity and frazzled nerves.
Crashes cause less damage because the disk and head are so much harder.
Crashes claim thousands of lives and injure millions.
Crashes do occur however, but it's no big deal.
Crashes happen anytime and anywhere, so be safe by wearing restraints.
Crashes happen anywhere at any time.
Crashes happen periodically as there is no policing of the water and rules of passage are few.
Crashes happen pervasively.
Crashes happen suddenly, allowing less than one-half second toreact.
Crashes happen to everyone.
Crashes happen unexpectedly, and then it's too late.
Crashes have trouble.
Crashes involve cars.
Crashes involve vehicles.
Crashes involving large trucks create major problems on our highways.
Crashes involving large tucks and buses are a source of great concern to all people.
Crashes involving young drivers typically are multiple-vehicle crashes.
Crashes kill three pilots.
Crashes look and feel like real crashes.
Crashes look very lovely too.
Crashes occur in areas.
Crashes occur in nearly every multi-stage event.
Crashes organizer if less free memory than uncompressed image size.
Crashes result in deep trouble.
Crashes result in trouble.
Crashes sound pretty unspectacular.
Crashes tend to result.
Crashes top all causes of death on the job.
Crashes Try again.
Crashes user by flooding with escape characters.
Crashs are accidents.
Crashs are happening.
Crashs are hits.
Crashs are inelastic collisions.
Crashs are located in race tracks.
Crashs are magazines.
Crashs are mishap.
Crashs cause crashs.
Crashes always hurt.
Crashes often happen when riders are tired and get sloppy.
Crashes often occur when motorists follow motorcycles too closely or try to share their lane.
Crashes sometimes happen even with an instructor, but they re less likely.
Crashes usually involve smoke and fire.
Every crash brings pain.
Many crashes involve at least two different companies.
Many crashes involve pedestrians who have been drinking or are drunk .
Many crashes involving children occur off road where children believe they are safe.
Most Crashes are accidents, uncontrollable events that are no-ones fault.
Most crashes are directly hardware related, such as a dead hard drive.
Most crashes are front end crashes.
Most crashes are minor and they mostly occur in the urban areas.
Most crashes are preventable and are caused by bad riding habits and carelessness.
Most crashes are preventable.
Most crashes are the result of pilot error.
Most crashes happen close to home.
Most crashes happen without warning.
Most crashes have trouble.
Most crashes involve cars.
Most crashes involve more than one vehicle, causing total vehicles to exceed total crashes.
Most crashes involve vehicles.
Most crashes involving bicyclists and motorists occur at intersections.
Most crashes involving preschoolers happen in fair and warm weather.
Most crashes involving preschoolers occur in fair or warm weather.
Most crashes occur close to home on roads with low speed limits.
Most crashes occur during landing and takeoff.
Most crashes occur in areas.
Most crashes occur on short trips at low speeds.
Most crashes result in deep trouble.
Most crashes result in only minor injuries such as abrasions, contusions, and lacerations.
Most crashes result in trouble.
Some crashes are caused by shooters.
Some crashes are more insidious.
Some crashes destroy government.
Some crashes have differences.
Some crashes hit shoes.
Some crashes involve boars.
Some crashes involve diggers.
Some crashes involve pickups.
Some crashes involve wild boars.
Some crashes kill brides.
Some crashes kill lilies.
Some crashes kill members.
Some crashes kill nurses.
Some crashes kill scientists.
Some crashes kill sisters.
Some crashes kill sons.
Some crashes occur in fog.
Some crashes result in death.
A crasher is an intruder
Crashers can totally ruin a party, and the more jerk-like they are, the worse for everyone.
Crashers get bombed, slobs make a mess.
Crashers really give sysops bad times ahead.
Crashings are movement.
Crashings are residency.
Crass success is glorified at the expense of humanism, compassion, and the life of the mind.
Crate mats are essential for the giant breeds to help prevent elbow bursas and arthritis.
Crate size is minimal to prevent struggling and to conserve space.
Crate space is limited.
Crate storage is the responsibility of the appropriate service contractor.
Crate training depends upon the instinct of dogs to keep their beds clean.
Crate training does help barking training too.
Crate training has many additional benefits.
Crate training helps as well.
Crate training is also an essential.
Crate training is also an excellent beginning to house training.
Crate training is also extremely helpful in providing security for the anxious dog.
Crate training is an effective training method.
Crate training is an important tool that is often recommended by breeders.
Crate training is another good option.
Crate training is highly recommended.
Crate training is ideal for just about every new pup and it even works for most adult dogs.
Crate training is ideal.
Crate training is in progress.
Crate training is recommended for puppies but there are very specific do's and don'ts.
Crate training is recommended, starting with puppyhood.
Crate training is the way to go.
Crate training is used for a variety of reasons.
Crate training is useful for any dog that needs confinement.
Crate training is very effective in training an English bulldog puppy.
Crate training limits a puppy's options.
Crate training makes it much easier to house train the dog.
Crate training makes it much easier to housebreak the dog.
Crate training seems to be of great assistance for most dogs in housebreaking.
Crate training utilizes a wire or plastic cage.
A crate is a box
Crate isa box.
Crate offers amplifiers for just about every application.
Crate trained puppies are also easier to housebreak and train.
Crates afford more protection than sandwiches and are usually the better choice.
Crates also do a good job secureing the dog.
Crates also make excellent beds.
Crates also make house training easier.
Crates are a marvelous idea for both indoor and outdoor pets.
Crates are a valuable tool to help house train puppies and adult dogs.
Crates are actually an excellent choice for most puppies and adult dogs.
Crates are also excellent tools to be used in housebreaking a puppy.
Crates are available and delivered upon request.
Crates are available at the clinic at a reasonable cost.
Crates are available from most pet supply stores.
Crates are boxs.
Crates are cheaper and they're enclosed on all sides.
Crates are humane and take advantage of the dog's natural den instincts.
Crates are important as well.
Crates are light and easy to carry.
Crates are optional and quoted to each project.
Crates are safest, but larger pet stores have dog seat belts.
Crates are sometimes very important.
Crates are storage devices.
Crates are such a wonderful invention.
Crates are wonderful tools, but they can also be abused.
Crates are wonderful training tools for housebreaking and chewing.
Crates are, hands down, the safest way for dogs to travel in cars.
Crates can also be strapped down with seat belts and used to keep the dog secured.
Crates can be a colorful substitution for the cinder blocks and are easier to move.
Crates can hold books or games and stacking units can hold the art supplies.
Crates can now be in the water.
Crates come in a variety of sizes proportioned to fit any type of dog.
Crates come in many sizes and shapes .
Crates come in various sizes and construction and serve several purposes. .
Crates contain artifacts and some suggested activities.
Crates have (part) sections.
Crates offer safety when traveling.
Crates tend to be like dens, it's their own space to get away from everything.
All crates are olive green.
Some crates are available on loan for office moves.
Some crates are so narrow that simply standing up and lying down require strenuous effort.
Crated carnivores travel better and settle down quicker in darkness or semi-darkness.
Crated pets welcome.
Crater Lake has no streams flowing into or out of it.
Crater Lake is also the deepest lake in the United States and the fifth in the world.
Crater Lake is also the ninth deepest lake in the world .
Crater Lake is also the ninth deepest lake in the world.
Crater Lake is amazingly beautiful.
Crater Lake is in one of our most beautiful national parks.
Crater Lake is just a short drive away.
Crater Lake is nearby and has spectacular cross- country skiing too.
Crater Lake is open all year.
Crater Lake is viewed by many but explored by few.
Crater Lake lies in the caldera of a once mighty mountain.
Crater Lake lies inside the top of an ancient volcano known as Mount Mazama.
Crater Lake offers an abundance of great winter activities.
Crater Lake offers fly and spin-casting fishing.
Crater Lake offers special escapes for a wide variety of visitors.
Crater Lake offers year-round adventure and fun.
Crater lakes are crater lakes.
Crater lakes are excellent sites for pollen analysis.
Crater lakes are lakes.
Crater lakes can also generate hazardous mudflows.
Crater lakes have very violent origins.
Many crater lakes lack an outlet and only lose water through evaporation or subsurface leakage.
A crater is a formation
Crater defect on automotive paint surface.
Crater dives over a two-day period after passing the certification test.
Crater features .
Crater is a cup.
Crater is one of the world's seven marine meteor craters.
Crater is the prominent feature.
Crater isa formation.
Crater lake with active fumaroles.
Crater lakes form as the created depression, within the crater rim , is filled by water.
Crater lakes in eastern Indonesia.
Crater lakes in particular are valuable indicators of the status of volcanic systems.
Crater lakes, terrestrial degassing, and hyper-acid fluids in the environment.
Crater rims, for example, are especially sharp at the terminator.
Crater uses folding chairs during timeouts.
Craters are a good measure of how old a surface is.
Craters are among the chief geological features of interest to planetary geologists.
Craters are big holes that are made when meteorites hit a planet.
Craters are circular depressions caused by the impact of meteorites.
Craters are clearly visible, but all are small.
Craters are constellations.
Craters are like the footprints of meteorites that crash from the sky.
Craters are located in moons.
Craters are one of the most interesting and important types of surface features in the solar system.
Craters are small compared to calderas.
Craters are still abundant on the maria, but there are far fewer than on the terrae.
Craters are the scars of that process.
Craters are usually of either impact or volcanic origin.
Craters are visible but no longer dominate the surface.
Craters are visible on the surface of the nucleus.
Craters can occur within calderas.
Craters can 'saturate'.
Craters come in all sizes, from micrometers to hundreds of kilometers in diameter.
Craters created by volcanic explosion are also quite common.
Craters created by volcanic explosions are also quite common.
Craters designated with alphabetic letters are particularly interesting.
Craters dot the surface.
Craters fall into three groups.
Craters flieng by and space shutles and burning peices of the sun.
Craters form on planets and moons when meteors hit.
Craters form when salt resists compression, mushrooms upward and collapses.
Craters gets electricity.
Craters gradually accumlate on an old planetary surface like a sidewalk getting wet in the rain.
Craters have diameters.
Craters have rim diameters.
Craters mark the surface.
Craters suggests a violent event.
All craters are ablation sites.
Many craters are present in the upland surface, but craters are few on the channel floor.
Many craters seem to have slumped at the edges exposing bright reflective material.
More craters means oldest, few craters means geologically younger.
More craters occur underneath the polar layered deposits.
Most craters have diameters.
Most craters have rim diameters.
Most craters lakes form by water being trapped within a crater.
Some craters are also visible.
Some craters are evident.
Some craters are formed by asteroid impact.
Some craters are formed by explosions.
Some craters are formed by impact.
Some craters have bowls.
Some craters have smooth rims.
A craton is a part
Cratons are subdivided geographically into geologic 'provinces'.
Cratons are the kernels on which continents grow.
Craves are play.
Craven County has plans for creation of a land cover dataset derived from the digital orthophotos.
Craven County is a now defunct county that covered a good portion of Northeastern South Carolina.
A craven is a coward
Craven looks to be fully healthy now, and with a team that's about ready to take off.
A craving is desire
Craving are desire.
Craving continues after pleasurable effects disappear and drug use is stopped.
Cravings also go away and people feel more calm and more energetic.
Cravings are actually short lived from minutes to a couple of hours at the most.
Cravings are common.
Cravings are like tornados.
Cravings are often worse in times of stress.
Cravings are usually most intense in the late afternoon and early evening.
Cravings are valid messages from subconscious level to conscious level.
Cravings are what make quitting such a hard goal to achieve.
Cravings build quickly, interrupting other activities.
Cravings can be scary, seem to come from nowhere, and feel over-whelming.
Cravings come out of nowhere, and they are so hard to fight sometimes.
Cravings Drink a lot of liquids, especially water.
Cravings generally pass within minutes, maybe even seconds.
Cravings give birth to evil actions.
Cravings induce over eating.
Cravings is on the left.
Cravings offers an excellent opportunity for training and employment.
Cravings offers dairy dishes such as pizza and pasta, as well as salads, fish, sandwiches and wraps.
Cravings specializes in professional cookware, cutlery, gourmet food items and gadgets.
A craw is a stomach
Craw leaves a legacy of sound fiscal management and unprecedented growth.
A crawdad is a decapod
Crawdad can also go into reverse if they are attacked.
Crawdads abound in the rocks, on the mud, in the flooded brush, in the moss.
Crawdads Also known as crayfish or crawfish there are several varieties.
Crawdads are a good sign.
Crawdads are also a breeze.
Crawdads are an awfully long way from the majors.
Crawdads are out in the open on the silty bottom, along with small minnows and smallmouth bass.
Crawdads come in different colors, from blue and green to red and brown.
Crawdads mate in the autumn, the female crawdads produce about a hundred eggs or more.
Crawfish boils are quite a novelty up there.
Crawfish culture is now the largest crustacean aquaculture food industry in the United States.
Crawfish frogs have a plain light belly.
Crawfish pasta is popular.
Most crawfish production is in rotation with a commercial rice crop.
Crawfish stamp is required.
Crawl space has a concrete floor thru-out.
Crawl space includes a large wine cellar.
Crawl space includes water supply insulation.
Crawl space is space
Crawl spaces are a potential refuge for mice.
Crawl spaces are often lower than the surrounding ground, and that can invite problems.
Crawl spaces are real simple to understand and deal with.
Crawl spaces are to be ventilated by natural or mechanical means.
Crawl spaces seem to give the bugs a place to get in out of the rain.
Some crawl spaces are very large, and are difficult to move around in.
Crawl is due for a change of luck in the Waterford Crystal Mile.
Crawls are motion.
Crawls lead north, se, and sw.
Crawler transporter pulls out from under mobile launcher platform.
Crawler transporter remains in position under mobile launcher platform.
A crawler is a person
Crawler -Tractor operating on continuous treads instead of wheels.
Crawlers are best with tiny shiners a close second.
Crawlers are bright red.
Crawlers are capable of moving around in a tree.
Crawlers are efficient, but lack the human understanding of what the content means.
Crawlers are flat, pale insects with conspicuous legs and antennae.
Crawlers are generally more abundant in spring and fall.
Crawlers are minute, orange-yellow and oval, with six legs and one pair of antennae.
Crawlers are often orange, brown or purple and appear as moving specks of dust.
Crawlers are pale green in color and move about the leaf seeking a suitable feeding site.
Crawlers are people.
Crawlers are small, brown, and oval and hatch in early spring.
Crawlers are susceptible to conventional insecticides, however.
Crawlers are susceptible, however.
Crawlers are the immature forms that hatch from the eggs.
Crawlers are the only mobile stage of the scale insect.
Crawlers are the only stage of the life cycle that can be readily controlled.
Crawlers are the pinpoint-size nymphs of scale insects.
Crawlers are usually very expensive for personal use but are VERY powerful tools for marketing.
Crawlers are visible with a handlens and look like tiny scales.
Crawlers are yellow, flat and quite small.
Crawlers begin to infest the roots early in the season.
Crawlers can settle anywhere on the leaf, but seem to prefer the midrib and major veins.
Crawlers emerge from spring through fall on cool, damp nights.
Crawlers eventually settle on a tree, produce a waxy covering and settle in to feed.
Crawlers fan out across the Internet and collect copies of web pages from various host servers.
Crawlers feed for a short time before molting into the overwintering second nymphal instar stage.
Crawlers hatch from eggs in mid-summer.
Crawlers hatch over an extended period of time.
Crawlers hatch when blooming finishes.
Crawlers have well developed legs and antennae and are quite active until settling.
Crawlers have well-developed legs and antennae and are quite active until settling.
Crawlers migrate to the underside of foliage to feed for about one month.
Crawlers molt into scale-like nymphs that also suck out sap.
Crawlers molt into scalelike nymphs that also suck out sap.
Crawlers move about for several days before permanently settling down on the plant to feed.
Crawlers move around for a short period in search of a suitable place to settle.
Crawlers move from plant to plant only by wind, birds or fruit drop.
Crawlers move from stems to leaves.
Crawlers move to leaves and stem and begin to feed by sucking plant juices.
Crawlers only offer free text searches, which scan for chunks of text and keywords.
Crawlers seek a new feeding site on the host plant.
Crawlers settle on leaves and stems.
Crawlers tend to settle close together, resulting in patches of scales several layers deep.
Crawlers then insert their mouthparts into a leaf and start forming a shell.
Crawlers work by following links on the pages they retrieve.
Crawlers often get into things.
Most crawlers use strictly text based search techniques.
Some crawlers create their index by selecting their terms from the first few lines of text.
A crawling is travel
Crawling can unearth an enormous number of pages.
Crawling is a resource-intensive operation.
Crawling is how most search engines collect Web pages for indexing.
Crawling is infantile, and crutches are for the elderly or infirm.
Crawling is movement for movement's sake.
Crawling is needed to develop other skills .
Crawling is on the stomach, and creeping is on the hands and knees.
Crawling is optional.
Crawling is sexy, period, no matter who is doing it.
Crawling is something else entirely.
Crawling is the most common mode of transportation in benthic habitats.
Crawling leads to walking, and walking leads to hopping, skipping, and jumping.
Crawling plays an important part in the development of visual skills.
Crawlings are human activities.
Crawlspaces are excellent millipede habitats.
Crayfish burrows are part of pedogenically modified channel and overbank deposits.
Crayfish Dissection Try to identify structures from actual crayfish dissections.
Crayfish flies work in summer when smallmouth bass are gobbling crayfish.
Crayfish meat is an excellent perch bait, particularly during the mid- and late summer months.
Crayfish patterns are the key.
Crayfish snakes are rather secretive making it difficult to determine their distribution in Iowa.
A crayfish is a decapod
Crayfishes are more active at nightfall and at daybreak than during the remainder of the day.
Crayfishes can grow new claws, eyes, and legs.
Crayfishs are crustaceans.
Crayfishs are located in water.
Crayfishs are scavengers.
Crayfishs are shellfishs.
Many crayfish live in stream habitats.
Most crayfish are strictly aquatic but some live in semi-aquatic environments.
A crayon is an implement
Crayon is a self-customised electronic newspaper.
Crayon is a term that has been confused with chalk and other media.
Crayon is free software.
Crayon is inspected.
Crayon is relatively easy to remove from fabrics.
Crayon is their favored medium.
Crayon isa implement.
Crayon marks on last two pages.
Crayons also come in different colors, shapes, and sizes.
Crayons are a petroleum product, and it takes years to biodegrade.
Crayons are art supplies.
Crayons are available in red, green, blue and yellow.
Crayons are capable of melts.
Crayons are cost effective, and it is difficult to create really detailed drawings.
Crayons are located in classrooms.
Crayons are okay in a pinch.
Crayons are still good for creating detail but paint is better for covering large spaces.
Crayons are the unchallenged favorite of children.
Crayons are used for coloring.
Crayons are used for draws.
Crayons dissolve in turpentine.
Crayons form a picket fence.
Crayons give texture.
Crayons have (part) sections.
Crayons is a marvel of poetic beauty.
Crayons is a solid, good body of work that improves with repeated listening.
Crayons make color.
Crayons Remove as much as possible by breaking loose with a blunt object, then vacuum out.
Crayons round the eyes for that drunken consumptive panda look.
Crayons work well for younger students.
All crayons taste the same no matter what color they are.
Most crayons make color.
A craze is fashion
Crazes are cracks.
Crazes are manias.
Crazes come and crazes go.
Crazes come and go with tunes, and always have.
Most crazes have more to do with peer pressure than anything else.
Crazy ants are highly versatile, living in both moist and dry habitats.
Crazy ants are one of the most difficult ants to control in structures.
Crazy ants feed on a wide variety of foods, including other insects, grease and sweets.
Some crazy ants have stingers.
Some crazy ants kill crabs.
Some crazy ants kill red crabs.
Crazy behavior is more of a lifestyle and usually involves psychotic activity.
Some crazy cartographer has to be messing with college basketball.
Crazy energy is a rarity, especially in the form of musical eloquence.
Some crazy fans show their support for the team.
Crazy fun fest.
Crazy game is the most amazable.
Crazy glues are also a possible option.
Crazy hats are also sure to be on the scene.
Crazy ideas are the origins of scientific curiosity.
Crazy neon glow stick psychedelic shit everywhere.
Crazy notions can take hold.
Crazy people are always dangerous.
Crazy people are the ones that often have a better understanding of really unusual things.
Crazy people can have good ideas.
Crazy people do crazy things.
Crazy people eat a lot of salt.
Crazy prices are a way of life.
A crazy quilt is a patchwork quilt
Crazy quilts serve as scrapbooks and are often embroidered with dates and or initials.
Crazy rumors float around.
Crazy stuff happens.
Crazy taxi is a race against the clock.
Crazy things are sure to happen.
Crazy things can happen.
Crazy things come from guys in their garages who want to save the world.
Crazy things happen and it makes it an eventful day.
Crazy things happen in a tournament.
Crazy things happen.
Crazy times call for crazy actions.
Crazy times call for crazy organizations .
Crazy top is a distinct possibility in cornfields where the entire plant was submersed and survived.
Crazy women hang out in motels.
Crazy women use lipstick as war paint.
A crazyweed is a legume
Crazyweeds are poisonous to livestock.
CRE are important for a number of reasons.
CRE is broader in the sense that it focuses on nonviolent as well as violent episodes.
CRE reserves the right, at it's sole discretion, to refuse any advertising deemed unsuitable.
Cres are islands.
Cres are part of cres.
Cres are towns.
CREs are two-page exercises based on the material in a reading assignment.
CREs serve both domestic and foreign clients.
Some creaky seniors find it impossible even to jump up to a favorite chair.
Creal soils are fine-silty.
Cream puff pastry fills with cream.
Cream puff pastry fills with vanilla ice cream.
Cream soda has flavor.
Cream soda has smooth flavor.
Cream soda has smooth vanilla flavor.
Cream soda has vanilla flavor.
Most cream soda has flavor.
Most cream soda has smooth flavor.
Most cream soda has smooth vanilla flavor.
Most cream soda has vanilla flavor.
Cream stripes run from snouts.
Cream cans have effects.
Cream cans have serious effects.
Cream cans have serious side effects.
Cream cans have side effects.
Cream has applications.
Cream has taste.
Cream is an elite
Cream is cream.
Cream is dairy products.
Cream is elites.
Cream is foodstuff.
Cream is toiletry.
Cream is used for people.
Cream is used for skin.
Cream isa food.
Cream isa nutrient.
Cream margarine until light and fluffy.
Cream polishes privide a happy medium.
Creams absorb into the skin leaving little oily residue.
Creams allow for a balanced dose because they're administered daily.
Creams also eliminate liver first pass.
Creams are also expensive.
Creams are an emulsion of oil and water, easily absorbed by the skin.
Creams are available to help with lubrication.
Creams are available to protect the skin from urine and stool.
Creams are available.
Creams are better than lotions.
Creams are blends of oloroso with richly sweet pedro xim nez.
Creams are generally easy keepers.
Creams are generally the vehicle of choice for acute and subacute dermatoses.
Creams are graded and named according to the percentage butterfat.
Creams are less helpful.
Creams are massaged in long strokes into the skin to cleanse, slough dead skin and rehydrate.
Creams are more cosmetically acceptable and effective for the majority of people.
Creams are more effective because they contain more oil than lotions do.
Creams are most effective if rubbed in gently until they vanish.
Creams are now available which can repair, renew and revitalise aging skin.
Creams are often beneficial, with ointments better for thicker skin.
Creams are permeable allowing the skin to breathe and sweat.
Creams are preparations of oil in water.
Creams are therefore stable emulsions of oils or fats.
Creams contain less water than lotions and therefore are more concentrated.
Creams containing capsaicin are very helpful against the pain of shingles and arthritis .
Creams containing estrogen and progesterone are available.
Creams have a soothing and protective effect on the skin.
Creams have white seed at maturity and are generally small.
Creams help moisturize and work well for winter weather.
Creams melt easily when applied to the skin and tend to stay in one place.
Creams provide a barrier between the skin and urine and stool.
Creams provide immediate protection.
Creams used for treatment are usually safe during pregnancy.
Creams usually offer little relief.
More cream pies Some higher resolution stills.
Most cream has applications.
Some cream contains hormones.
Some cream contains substances.
Some cream contains synthetic hormones.
Some cream has acidity.
Some cream has effects.
Some cream has indexes.
Some cream makes delicious sauces.
Some cream makes sauces.
Some cream produces allergic reaction.
Some cream produces reaction.
Some cream produces results.
Some cream reduces lipids.
Some cream stimulates growth.
Some cream uses ice cream salt.
Some cream uses salt.
Some creams claim to give protection against both.
A creamer is a pitcher
Creamer draws a dubious lesson.
Creamer feels the same way.
Creamer is interested in studying the mechanisms that insects use to spread viruses.
Creamer knows what it's like to be a champion.
Creamer leads the team with six goals.
Creamer notes that management charges and service fees and taxes vary wildly across the region.
Creamer thinks the rooms are only going to get fuller as the young Irish blossom.
Creamers are pitchers.
Creamy dishes are common to the cuisine of Central Mexico.
Creamy dressings are high in calories, but also high in saturated fat.
Creamy dressings can be light as well, made with lowfat yogurt, buttermilk or lowfat sour cream.
Some creamy flesh has flavor.
Creamy formula applies smoothly as a highlight for eyes or lips.
Creamy formula feels comfortable on lips.
Creamy formulas are much more flattering.
Some creamy heads have alcohol.
Creamy light spills out from a doorway.
Creamy ones create a strong line and can also be smudged into a smokier look.
Creamy soups are higher in saturated fat and cholesterol.
Creamy texture carries lightly-styled flavors of lemons, grapefruit peel, and green apples.
Creamy texture makes great soup or sauce over grains.
A crease is an imprint
Crease defensemen to quarterback the zone defense, hit and communicate.
Crease hinges with the bone folder.
Creases also occur from the edges of the reinforcement strips added in the previous restoration.
Creases are a constant source of frustration.
Creases are darker.
Creases become permanent over time and cause stressed areas.
Creases come from applying pressure to hard folds .
Creases deepen around the mouth and between the eyebrows.
Creases drop out naturally, even with the effects of heat and damp.
Creases indicate was once folded in four.
Creases therefore requires ironing.
Creased trousers are a matter of personal preference.
Create Advertisements Make a list of some of the products made in the Northeast.
Create animation sequences through tweening.
Create flower stems by stitching rows of ribbons under flowers.
Create flower stems with thin ribbon or cord.
Create graphics Develop reusable components where possible.
Create list serves, websites for chapters.
Create pattern necklaces using beads or dyed macaroni.
Create policies be independent.
Create rituals Develop some bedtime rituals.
Create split stems and reverse stem direction.
Create text sequences that spin, dance, move, rotate, follow a particular path or object, etc.
Create Web log files to track where users are going on the Internet.
Create web slideshows with music, narration and more.
Created beings are exceedingly poor receivers and depressingly low-wattage transmitters of love.
Created beings are secondary lights.
Created entities have none.
Created life is a system of cohesive codependencies which complement and complete one another.
Created revisions log in Cluster.
Created stuff is meant to be shared.
CreateObject line creates an instance of the object.
Creatine kinase indicates muscle tissue damage.
Creatine kinase is an index to recent muscle activity.
Creatine kinase is enzymes.
Creatine kinase subforms in marathon runners.
Creatine monohydrate appears to be the most effective supplement form.
Creatine monohydrate increases strength in patients with neuromuscular disease.
Creatine monohydrate is a muscle toning supplement.
Creatine monohydrate is a natural, safe substance that already exists in the human body .
Creatine monohydrate is a precursor to creatine phosphate.
Creatine monohydrate is completely legal and permitted in all types of competition.
Creatine monohydrate is currently legal to sell and acceptable for use by athletes.
Creatine monohydrate is found in red muscle tissue.
Creatine monohydrate is neither a steroid nor a drug.
Creatine monohydrate is one of the few supplements supported by scientific evidence.
Creatine monohydrate is one of the few that are universally accepted.
Creatine monohydrate is safe and effective regardless of age.
Creatine monohydrate is safe for both sexes.
Creatine monohydrate is simple, safe, effective, extremely well-tested, and cheap.
Creatine monohydrate is the most economical, stable and best-absorbed form of creatine.
Creatine monohydrate is unstable in a liquid form.
Creatine phosphate has that ability.
Creatine phosphate helps the body to perform intense exercise.
Creatine phosphate is a high-energy compound stored in muscle.
Creatine phosphate is a major provider of energy during high intensity short term exercise.
Creatine phosphate is also involved in the transfer of energy within the muscle cell.
Creatine phosphate is an organic compound
Creatine phosphate is broken down very quickly and produces energy extremely fast.
Creatine phosphate is much more expensive to manufacture while it offers no advantage.
Creatine phosphate is produced by the process of anaerobic respiration.
Creatine phosphate is the a substance that exists in limited quantities within the cells.
Creatine phosphate is used by the body as an immediate source of energy for muscles.
Creatine supplements are most helpful to athletes with lower creatine levels in their systems.
Creatine supplements are unregulated nutritional supplements.
Creatine supplements are yet another form of acquiring creatine.
Creatine supplements disolve poorly in water and noncarbonated beverages.
Creatine supplements seem popular among college athletes.
A creatine is amino acid
Creatine accepts a high energy phosphate from oxidative phosphorylation and becomes phosphocreatine.
Creatine acts as a cellular volumizer when used in conjunction with exercise.
Creatine actually helps the muscles retain more water molecules within the muscle cell.
Creatine allows one to work out harder and recover faster.
Creatine allows players to rapidly and safely gain muscle mass.
Creatine also buffers lactic acid production, thereby reducing muscle fatigue.
Creatine also buffers the development of lactic acid allowing for a more enduring workout.
Creatine also causes muscle cells to retain water, and bloated cells produce bulkier muscles.
Creatine also helps with resistance training by bloating the muscle with creatine rich fluid.
Creatine also increases strength for some people with neurologic diseases.
Creatine also is found in meats and fish.
Creatine also is found in most meats.
Creatine also plays an important role in nerve cell function.
Creatine also reduces energy waste products.
Creatine appears to be helpful to only a limited number of athletes.
Creatine appears to be well tolerated in short-term trials.
Creatine can become creatinine if left in liquid for fifteen minutes or more.
Creatine causes increased water uptake in the muscles and can cause bloating.
Creatine comes in a phosphate-related form to create high energy phosphate.
Creatine comes in either powder, syrup or tablet form.
Creatine comes in several forms.
Creatine comes in several forms-powders, liquids, candy, chewables and gum.
Creatine complements it by enhancing the energy required to fuel the contraction of muscle.
Creatine continues to be one of the most popular supplements for exercise enthusiasts.
Creatine does bring about an enhanced accrual of strength in weight-lifting programs.
Creatine does cause rapid increase in muscle mass for many people.
Creatine does work to build muscle.
Creatine doses to obtain maximum results at the lowest cost .
Creatine draws on water from other parts of the body to help the muscles do their work.
Creatine has a very specific effect with very specific training protocols.
Creatine has different effects on every individual.
Creatine has mixed reviews depending on body makeup, age, etc.
Creatine has no caloric value.
Creatine has no effect on an athlete's testerone level.
Creatine has the awesome effect of super-hydrating muscle cells with water.
Creatine has the following structure.
Creatine has the potential to increase optimal work output of muscle.
Creatine helps reduce lactic acid build up, delay fatigue and maintain peak power output longer.
Creatine helps to decrease the lactic acid build-up in the muscles used during training.
Creatine helps to hold water in the muscles.
Creatine helps weightlifters and runners squeeze in extra reps or stair climbs.
Creatine hydrates the muscles by drawing water into the cells.
Creatine increases energy and improves performance for in certain sports.
Creatine increases the body's ability to do work.
Creatine increases the body's ability to produce more lean muscle tissue.
Creatine intensifies the color when tests are positive.
Creatine is a compound that can be made in our bodies or taken as a dietary supplement.
Creatine is a compound that is naturally made in our bodies to supply energy to our muscles.
Creatine is a compound which is naturally present in vertebrates.
Creatine is a derivative from meat.
Creatine is a high powered energy precursor naturally found in red muscle tissue.
Creatine is a high-energy compound comprised of three amino acids.
Creatine is a legal performance-enhancing substance widely used by athletes.
Creatine is a legal supplement because it is produced naturally and can be found in most foods.
Creatine is a metabolite that is produced naturally by the human body.
Creatine is a modified amino acid in mammalian muscle and nerve fibres.
Creatine is a natural amino acid present in the body of humans and animals.
Creatine is a natural by-product of liver, kidney, and pancreas metabolism.
Creatine is a natural compound found primarily in meats.
Creatine is a natural constituent of meat, mainly found in red meat.
Creatine is a natural metabolite found primarily in red muscle tissue.
Creatine is a natural powerful cell energizer vital to the human body.
Creatine is a natural product that the human form contains within it's skeletal muscle.
Creatine is a natural substance found in many foods that is stored in muscle tissue.
Creatine is a natural substance produced by the liver, kidneys, and pancreas.
Creatine is a natural substance that is found in meat and fish.
Creatine is a natural substance that turns into creatine phosphate in the body.
Creatine is a natural substance used by the body for energy production.
Creatine is a naturally occuring amino acid metabolite found in the red muscle tissue.
Creatine is a naturally occuring dietary substance found in meat and fish.
Creatine is a naturally occurring amino acid.
Creatine is a naturally occurring compound produced in our bodies.
Creatine is a naturally occurring metabolite found in muscle tissue.
Creatine is a naturally occurring metabolite found in red muscle tissue.
Creatine is a naturally occurring metabolite found in red tissue.
Creatine is a naturally occurring metabolite found red muscle tissue.
Creatine is a naturally occurring metabolite supplements found in red muscle tissue.
Creatine is a naturally occurring substance in the body.
Creatine is a naturally occurring substance produced in the body in the liver and kidneys.
Creatine is a necessary substrate for producing useable energy in muscle cells.
Creatine is a nonessential dietary component found in abundance in meat and fish.
Creatine is a nonessential dietary protein-like compound found in high abundance in meat and fish.
Creatine is a nonsteroidal, nonprescription muscle-enhancer taken orally prior to working out.
Creatine is a nutrient naturally found in our bodies.
Creatine is a nutrient that is naturally found in our bodies.
Creatine is a perfectly natural substance.
Creatine is a performance-enhancing amino acid which is produced by the liver and kidneys.
Creatine is a popular amino acid used by body builders to add bulk.
Creatine is a protein molecule that is stored in muscle.
Creatine is a quickly available energy source for muscle contraction.
Creatine is a simple natural molecule made from animo acids.
Creatine is a small, nitrogen containing molecule that serves as a storage form of energy in cells.
Creatine is a substance found naturally in the body and in foods like red meat.
Creatine is a substance found naturally in the diet as well as the human body.
Creatine is a substance manufactured in the human body by the liver and kidneys.
Creatine is a substance that is naturally found in our bodies.
Creatine is a substance that is naturally found is now available a no loading liquid form.
Creatine is a substance that is naturally found our bodies.
Creatine is a substance that is naturally produced in every human being.
Creatine is a very controversial supplement on the market today.
Creatine is already in the body as a natural substance .
Creatine is already in the body as a natural substance.
Creatine is an amino acid derivative that works as described above.
Creatine is an amino acid derivative.
Creatine is an amino acid found in foods, such as meat and fish.
Creatine is an amino acid found naturally in healthy muscles.
Creatine is an amino acid made by the body.
Creatine is an amino acid made in the liver and stored in the muscles of the body.
Creatine is an amino acid produced naturally by the liver and kidneys and stored in muscles.
Creatine is an amino acid that is stored in the muscle as phosphocreatine.
Creatine is an amino acid that occurs naturally in the human body.
Creatine is an amino acid that the body produces naturally in some of the organs.
Creatine is an amino acid used in muscles to supply energy to the muscle cell.
Creatine is an energizing metabolite, found mostly in muscle, which powers high-intensity exercise.
Creatine is an energy-producing substance naturally found in the body.
Creatine is an ergogen for anaerobic exercise.
Creatine is an example.
Creatine is another amino acid that is phosphorylated in the muscles to store energy.
Creatine is another popular supplement.
Creatine is available as a supplement in powders , a chewing gum and wafers .
Creatine is available in powder form or capsules as well as in bars, gels, candy and gum.
Creatine is available in powders, pills, gum, candy, and liquid.
Creatine is available through the diet in meats.
Creatine is biosynthesized from amino acids.
Creatine is biosynthesized in our bodies from amino acids.
Creatine is carried in the bloodstream to the skeletal muscles.
Creatine is cheaper and more effective.
Creatine is composed of three amino acids, and is made in the liver.
Creatine is controversial.
Creatine is converted to phosphocreatine by the enzyme phosphocreatine kinase.
Creatine is eliminated from the body via glomerular filtration and shows no protein binding.
Creatine is expensive, by the way.
Creatine is formed from amino acids arginine, methionine, and glycine through a chemical process.
Creatine is found in meat and fish and is manufactured in our kidneys and livers.
Creatine is found in moderate amounts in most meats and fish, which are, after all, skeletal muscle.
Creatine is found in the muscular cell and is utilized along with water for fuel.
Creatine is found naturally in the body and can also be obtained through food and supplements.
Creatine is in all meat.
Creatine is ingested in order to increase athletic performance, such as endurance and power lifting.
Creatine is isolated from meat extracts, no wonder it is expensive.
Creatine is known to cause increased muscle mass and weight gain.
Creatine is legal because there has been no serious short term or long term side effects known.
Creatine is manufactured from sarcosine and cyanamide.
Creatine is manufactured in the body by arginine, glycine and methionine.
Creatine is marketed as a nutritional supplement rather than as a drug.
Creatine is needed for the body to store and use energy properly.
Creatine is no stranger to athletes because it appears to provide an edge in competition.
Creatine is now available a no loading liquid form.
Creatine is now available in a no loading liquid form.
Creatine is now available in no loading liquid form.
Creatine is now available no loading liquid form.
Creatine is one of a class of molecules called amino acids.
Creatine is one of the energy sources used by the body.
Creatine is one of the most popular muscle-building aids.
Creatine is one of the most widely used, and widely touted, supplements for body builders.
Creatine is one the few body builder supplements that has actually been proven to work.
Creatine is popular among athletes.
Creatine is present inside muscles, especially skeletal muscles.
Creatine is probably safe to use.
Creatine is probably the most researched supplement out there.
Creatine is produced and stored in some organs of the body.
Creatine is produced naturally by the body and is digested in the same manner as protein.
Creatine is produced naturally by the body.
Creatine is produced naturally in our body and it supplies our muscles with energy.
Creatine is produced naturally in the human liver, pancreas, and kidneys.
Creatine is removed from the body by the kidneys as creatinine.
Creatine is responsible for causing seizures.
Creatine is safe when taken in the recommended dosages.
Creatine is safe.
Creatine is said to build muscle and energy during workouts.
Creatine is similar to a protein and can be found in raw meat and fish.
Creatine is simply a fuel source.
Creatine is sold as a powder, a gel, a fluid, a candy and as a creatine chewing gum.
Creatine is sold legally over the counter in synthetic form as an amino acid powder.
Creatine is stored in the muscles and works to power explosive bursts of anaerobic activity.
Creatine is substance that is naturally found in our bodies.
Creatine is substance that is naturally found our bodies.
Creatine is synthesized in the body from the amino acids arginine and glycine.
Creatine is synthesized in the liver from the amino acids glycine, arginine and methionine.
Creatine is the best thing since sliced bread.
Creatine is the most widely used supplement in sports.
Creatine is the other troubling sports supplement ingredient.
Creatine is the substance in meat which causes muscle growth.
Creatine is the supplement of choice for today's athletes and fitness enthusiasts.
Creatine is totally safe and effective.
Creatine is used by athletes who are hoping to increase the production of energy in muscles.
Creatine is used by many firefighters to gain strength and size.
Creatine is used for the development of muscle tissue in the body.
Creatine is useful for brief intense exercise such as weightlifting and sprinting.
Creatine is very useful to assist with muscle growth and training effort.
Creatine is widely to increase muscle strength.
Creatine is without doubt big business.
Creatine occurs naturally in the body and comes from food sources like beef.
Creatine occurs naturally in the body.
Creatine plays a key role in the replenishment of anaerobic energy stores.
Creatine plays a vital role in the release of energy in the muscles of humans and other animals.
Creatine plays an important role in muscle contraction.
Creatine plays an important role in the transfer of energy.
Creatine poses risks with no known benefit for nonathletes.
Creatine promotes the synthesis of protein, which promotes muscle growth.
Creatine protects against cortical damage following traumatic brain injury in rats.
Creatine protects muscles by drawing water inside muscle cells.
Creatine protects the central respiratory network of mammals under anoxic conditions.
Creatine provides more energy for high intensity workouts.
Creatine quickly turns to creatinine in a liquid.
Creatine restores energy in fatigued muscles.
Creatine seems to be well studied in scientific research.
Creatine works to increase extra muscle mass, which in turn burns up body fat as fuel.
Creatines are amino acid.
Creatines are chemical compounds.
Most creatine is made from animal tissue.
Most creatine sold on the internet and even at health stores use what is refered as heavy creatine.
Creatinine clearance is a critical factor in opioid clearance.
Creatinine clearance is a more accurate test to determine how well the kidneys are working.
Creatinine clearance is calculated on the basis of the surface area of the patient.
Creatinine clearance is computed between serum creatinine pairs, and can change between doses.
Creatinine clearance is difficult to measure in outpatients.
Creatinine clearance is helpful in determining and adjusting some medications doses.
Creatinine clearance is most sensitive measure of kidney function in carboplatin-treated patients.
Creatinine clearance is used as an index of glomerular filtration.
Creatinine clearance is very low.
Creatinine level is a measure of kidney function, with lower levels indicating improved function.
Creatinine levels vary with age, race and body size.
Creatinine production is dependent on the age, weight, and sex of the patient.
Creatinine reabsorption occurs with very low urine flow rates.
Creation magazine helps people to reconnect Scripture and reality.
Creation myths are an example.
Creation myths are the cornerstone of many of the world's religions.
Creation myths are usually part of religions and mythologies .
Creation myths are usually part of religions and mythologies.
Many creation myths begin with the theme of birth .
A creation science is creationism
Creation science are creationism.
Creation science gives away far too much ground to the evolutionists.
Creation science is a discipline concerning the origin of life on earth.
Creation science is a good, scientific model that stands on empirical evidence.
Creation science is a religious dogma.
Creation science is considered by most to be a pseudoscience.
Creation science is far from extinct.
Creation science is no accident in late twentieth-century America.
Creation scientists agree that microevolution occurs.
Creation scientists recognize the role of natural law in the world today.
Creation scientists report observations.
Most creation scientists report observations.
Creation stories abound in all civilizations past and present.
Creation stories are as old as our creation.
Creation stories are inherent in most cultures and have close ties with religion.
Creation stories discuss the formation of the world and people.
Creation stories explain man s connection to earth and divinity.
Creation stories have descriptions.
Many creation stories tie in human understanding of creation of life.
Most creation stories have descriptions.
Some creation stories talk of the two enjoying amorous sports in the forest.
Creation week can thus unfold.
A creation is an activity
Creation also suffers in our judgment.
Creation becomes a game, a test of ingenuity.
Creation becomes a problem of mechanics.
Creation becomes increasingly less important.
Creation brings the artists close to the destructive powers from beyond.
Creation can become manifestation.
Creation certainly has religious implications, but much scientific evidence bears on the subject.
Creation comes before distribution, achievement before aid.
Creation comes out so spontaneously that it is hard to rename each step, there suddenly exists stg.
Creation comes through death.
Creation Completed Think about that for a moment.
Creation continues throughout our griefs or glories or periods of complete indifference.
Creation continues, as evolution does.
Creation destroys as it goes, throws down one tree for the rise of another.
Creation exists and so does dissolution.
Creation exists at the stop.
Creation exists with different levels of relevance to itself.
Creation feeds on itself.
Creation flows from love.
Creation gives being, but also transitoriness.
Creation groans even without immortality.
Creation happens on many levels in infinite directions.
Creation has a consciousness.
Creation has a problem of even greater magnitude.
Creation has an actual rhythm to it.
Creation has much light and beauty.
Creation has some superb house, hip hop and jungle nights.
Creation has the written documents like the Bible for evidence.
Creation has to do with responsibility whereas redemption has to do with benefit .
Creation implies making something from nothing.
Creation includes both physical resources and human resources.
Creation includes human beings, other living organisms, and the ecosystems that support life.
Creation involves polarities and the emergence of form through their bisociation.
Creation is a beginning point of many diverse opinions.
Creation is a continual, never ending process.
Creation is a dynamic, constant process.
Creation is a fairly straightforward process.
Creation is a free gift.
Creation is a fundamental date in the life of a record.
Creation is a gift, and redemption is a gift.
Creation is a gift, because man appears in it.
Creation is a love letter to man.
Creation is a mystery.
Creation is a myth, the ontology of failed relationships likewise.
Creation is a picture book for children.
Creation is a picture-book for children.
Creation is a powerful thing.
Creation is a process designed to bring harmony out of chaos.
Creation is a process of discovery.
Creation is a religious idea.
Creation is a single, divine act outside of time and it has moral direction.
Creation is a survival of that process.
Creation is a two-step process.
Creation is a very important step.
Creation is a work in progress.
Creation is about Being.
Creation is again in balance and harmony.
Creation is also controversial.
Creation is also proud to produce merchandise for some of the bigger names in sci-fi.
Creation is always a blending of energies on many levels.
Creation is always through a spiral.
Creation is amazing, beautiful, and complex.
Creation is an always-already collaborative enterprise.
Creation is an enjoyable process, and compilation of Web pages is no exception.
Creation is an explanation of origins in terms of intelligent purposeful design .
Creation is an imprecise art.
Creation is an innocent victim of humanity's sin.
Creation is an integrated part of all living and non living things.
Creation is an ongoing inward as well as outward process - for the individual and for society too.
Creation is another word that takes on many different meanings.
Creation is as much science with empirical data to support it as evolution.
Creation is based on theological points of view and evolution is based on scientific theories.
Creation is cruciform.
Creation is described as taking place in six days.
Creation is described in two accounts.
Creation is different from birth and emanation.
Creation is dumb, but the church is to find a mouth for it.
Creation is dynamic.
Creation is effected by the spoken word of a supreme and omnipotent being.
Creation is entirely user controlled.
Creation is equal parts inspiration and hard work.
Creation is every bit as reasonable as evolution.
Creation is formed from create , for instance, and curiosity from curious .
Creation is geometrical or mathematical and is completely patterned.
Creation is good and the first humans are very good.
Creation is good.
Creation is grace .
Creation is heated debate that opens the door for countless number of questions.
Creation is imbued with the essence of the source.
Creation is immature, disobedient, and craving attention.
Creation is in every sense as scientific as evolution.
Creation is incomplete.
Creation is just too impressive to be an accident.
Creation is like a rose-bud with each petal gently enfolded in the next.
Creation is like that, so great that no one description can do it justice.
Creation is massive and involves continual experimentation and correction.
Creation is mentioned at least sixty-five times in the Bible.
Creation is merely a change in appearance.
Creation is merely a fantasy.
Creation is mother.
Creation is much more infinite in variety than that.
Creation is neither observable, testable, nor refutable.
Creation is nothing but the creation in that form.
Creation is now under the curse.
Creation is often messy.
Creation is only illusorily existent.
Creation is only the beginning.
Creation is only the shoot from a pre-existing seed of Karma.
Creation is our guide.
Creation is out.
Creation is persona non grata in the Who's Who of the great opera houses of the world.
Creation is precious.
Creation is purposeful and evolves forever in accordance with the divine plan.
Creation is quick and easy, and the finished lessons run from diskette, CD, or the web.
Creation is real.
Creation is Religion, it's straight out of Genesis.
Creation is replaced by evolution.
Creation is replaced by procreation.
Creation is responsible for creating mulit-media web pages.
Creation is sacred.
Creation is saved as creation.
Creation is seen as neither random nor as the product of impersonal forces.
Creation is shown as the best fit with both the fossil record and known biological processes.
Creation is something made.
Creation is something much greater, something which goes much farther.
Creation is still very, very hard.
Creation is subject to time, and, as such, participates in a history of the natural order.
Creation is the basis of the United States Declaration of Independence.
Creation is the counterpart to evolution.
Creation is the expanding, sculpted Life of the Logos.
Creation is the expression of motion.
Creation is the main task of the humankind, of every man.
Creation is the most essential nature of humanity.
Creation is the name of the game.
Creation is the only answer for our enviroment.
Creation is the only answer.
Creation is the priesthood's pact, While evolution is accepted fact.
Creation is the process by which new land is reclaimed from the sea such as in the Netherlands.
Creation is the production of something out of nothing.
Creation is the result of giving the chaotic materials a form that makes sense.
Creation is the root.
Creation is the shaping of formless divine substance into formed substance.
Creation is the source of man's immortal soul.
Creation is the starling point, both philosophically and revelationally.
Creation is the subject of both theology and philosophy.
Creation is the surge of chaos.
Creation is the true power.
Creation is the very opposite of rapid decay.
Creation is the work in time of the Blessed Trinity.
Creation is to be treasured and nurtured.
Creation is to initiate and determine.
Creation is totally new in the light of the resurrection.
Creation is truly amazing, details complex, beyond thought.
Creation is twofold, - objective and subjective.
Creation is under the bondage of decay.
Creation is understood as an instantaneous process.
Creation is understood somewhat differently in process thought.
Creation is useful because it is good.
Creation is vast and complex.
Creation is what human existence is all about - the making of new things.
Creation is word-conditioned.
Creation is work.
Creation is, however, an ill-begotten word, theologically corrupt.
Creation is, really, a holding back of the infinity that existed prior to creation.
Creation isa activity.
Creation means birth.
Creation means designing something that totally fits the branding objectives in a particular region.
Creation means since the breaking of the souls and the beginning of the correction.
Creation needs a Creator.
Creation offers another explanation to the beginnings of man and the universe.
Creation performs contemporary Christian music, including some original compositions.
Creation plays a central theological role in the Book of Mormon.
Creation progresses dramatically to a climax, the creation of man on the sixth day.
Creation proposes that the origin of all things is the result of a supernatural event.
Creation refers to the fact that the scripture tells the story of creation.
Creation reflects the grabbing and hoarding of life under the dominion of human beings.
Creation remains a subjective process.
Creation requires batch processing, usually completed within four hours.
Creation reserves the right to send chronic offenders home.
Creation rises up to save the bride.
Creation shouts loudly of a creator, who pays attention to detail.
Creation shows itself much better suited to the data than does evolution.
Creation shows signs of order, of laws of physics.
Creation sits in judgement of unfaithful Israel.
Creation speaks to the birth of a great artistic work and the great artist behind it.
Creation springs out of nowhere by the power of a mindless process.
Creation states that a higher being designed and built the universe.
Creation still awaits.
Creation takes risks and that's the movie industry's dilemma.
Creation takes seven days and man and woman are created last.
Creation takes time, and the registry of symbols takes space.
Creation takes time.
Creation traverses a slew of French classical standards with a flair unique to most classical CDs.
Creation Welcome to Talk.
Creation works according to logic, order, and law.
Creations are activities.
Creations are artifacts.
Creations are beginnings.
Creations are from an eclectic group of local designers.
Creations are the same.
Creations can come alive based on characteristics chosen by the child.
Creations center around the story of the day.
Creations contribute to development.
Creations crowd into every corner.
Creations explain appearances.
Creations explores issues that are right on target for high school, college, and church groups.
Creations has a lot of good wildlife information about a wide variety of endangered species.
Creations help women.
Creations improve situations.
Creations involve concepts.
Creations is a developer of computer entertainment software, based in Bristol, England.
Creations is a full service salon specializing in haircuts, styling, manicures, and much more.
Creations is a small, southern, family owned and operated business.
Creations is committed to quality and creativity.
Creations leave lively colors and become an hymn to sensuality.
Creations result in productivity.
Creations show beauty.
Creations show startle beauty.
Creations sounds muddy.
Creations take a creator .
Creation always brings more powerful destruction.
All creation comes from it.
All creation contains intelligence, the difference being in the degree of expression.
All creation culminates in humanity.
All creation groans in longing For the world's true liberty.
All creation groans under heavy ills.
All creation groans.
All creation has a common root.
All creation has a message to tell.
All creation has an order and a purpose.
All creation has the same right to life.
All creation is an act of love.
All creation is an organic whole.
All creation is attuned to the human project for good and ill.
All creation is but one being.
All creation is changed forever.
All creation is co-creation.
All creation is created by and exists within the prescribed law of love.
All creation is done in order to experience a feeling or to avoid a feeling.
All creation is done through love.
All creation is in tune with it.
All creation is invested in our success.
All creation is more than living things-inanimate objects also.
All creation is one great unity.
All creation is one, is harmonious and holy.
All creation is part of a numerical unity.
All creation is present here.
All creation is subject to frustration.
All creation is summed up or concentrated in man.
All creation is the expression of love.
All creation is vibratory, made of energy, and the uncreated is also energy.
All creation joins in our Paschal joy.
All creation lives for the sake of the other.
All creation suffers from man's fall.
All creations are art.
All creations are ceramic bisque.
All creations are either a substance or a description or an action.
All creations are freshly prepared in-house.
All creations are handmade and painted individually with flowing patterns and colors.
All creations are one of a kind and numbered.
All creations are original in design.
All creations are rich in originality and in advanced technique.
All creations are the same, but each uniquely different.
All creations are their own work.
All creations exist in a web of influences.
All creations have their special talented touch.
All creations run in the same flow and alignment - it is in the allowing.
All creations strive for Love.
Any creation is inspired by many others, at least a few impressions in a bundle.
Every creation has a function, whether ceremonial or for everyday use.
Every creation has it.
Every creation is a unique haute couture work of art.
Every creation is an individual statement of our earthy enjoyment of life.
Every creation is born out of the dark, Every birth is bloody.
Every creation is crafted to the highest finishing quality with unequaled attention to detail.
Every creation is dependent on man, in whose service it was created.
Every creation is of the highest quality, and made from the finest domestic materials.
Every creation needs sound.
Every creation testifies to a creator.
Many creations are for sale.
Many creations contain vintage millinery, buttons or lace.
Most creations come from adapting existing examples.
Most creations contribute to development.
Most creations explain appearances.
Most creations help women.
Most creations improve situations.
Most creations involve concepts.
Most creations originate in wood, different from most, then transferred to bronze.
Most creations result in productivity.
Most creations show beauty.
Most creations show startle beauty.
Some creations have impact.
Some creations have noticeable impact.
Some creations lead to reductions.
Some creations really are beautiful.
Some creations reduce impact.
Creational legends are a global phenomenon.
Most creationary scientists believe there was a single ice age following the flood.
Creationism allows no such test.
Creationism answers the who and why very well.
Creationism conforms to theSecond law of thermodynamics.
Creationism deserves equal time because evolution is only a theory.
Creationism does nothing but create more unanswerable questions.
Creationism evolves into campaign topic.
Creationism explains nothing.
Creationism is a doctrine
Creationism is alive and kicking - A special report and one of our biggest ever postbags .
Creationism is alive and kicking.
Creationism is doctrines.
Creationism is good science.
Creationism is much harder to back up scientifically than evolution.
Creationism offers plenty of explanations.
Creationism paints a veneer of pseudo-science on a religious belief system.
Creationism reverses the scientific process.
Creationism stems from hard scientific fact.
Creationism takes root where Europe, Asia meet.
Creationist books are hard to find.
Creationist nonsense redux.
Creationist scientists use Scripture as an instrument, so to speak.
Creative ability is a requirement.
Creative ability is the ability to make something material where there was nothing before.
Creative accounting is very attractive to companies.
Creative achievements depend on single minded immersion.
Creative Achievements depend on single-minded immersion.
Creative act is a ritual which in itself is a search of one s own being.
Creative acts come in all sorts of sizes and shapes.
Creative acts occur in the perfection of action in ordinary circumstances also.
Creative acts perpetuate themselves far beyond the view of the original artist.
All creative acts give birth to change of some type, and change requires response to new realities.
All creative acts have as their archetype the creation of the world and our presence in it.
Every creative act begins with a conception.
Every creative act develops through an incubation phase.
Every creative act ends with a birth.
Every creative act is a sudden cessation of stupidity.
Every creative act is an act of love.
Creative action can be a great way to get attention and help to educate others about an issue.
Creative action is needed to get the socio-economic dynamics working in the right direction again.
A creative activity is an activity
Creative activities focus on specific holidays and seasonal events.
Creative activities get youth involved, participating, and growing in their faith.
Creative activity combines the energies of feelings imagination and thought.
Creative Activity use a variety of software tools and techniques to make products and presentations.
Creative adaptation becomes standard operating procedure.
Creative advertising is productive advertising.
Creative agreements increase the possibilities for reparation and restitution.
Creative alternatives proliferate.
Creative altruism can be a very beautiful thing.
Creative ambiguity can be one of diplomacy's most effective tools.
Creative appetizers augment more traditional selections.
Creative applications are welcome, as long as they satisfy the four criteria listed below.
Creative approach includes neighborhood programming as the challenge of transportation is easier.
Creative architecture is often memorable and adds to local distinctiveness.
Creative arrangements can minimize employer risk.
Many creative arrangements are available.
Creative art has a profound operation on the soul.
Creative art seems to run in the family.
Creative arts are the focus of the mentoring projects.
Creative arts is moved forward.
Creative arts play an integral role in any college education.
Creative articles help young writers expand their writing abilities.
Creative artists are the product of design schools.
Creative artists refuse to be limited in their subjects or approaches.
All creative artists have mentors or muses to inspire their work.
Creative artistry involves an intuitive mind.
Creative aspect is a continuous stream in each performance, practice, or recording of a song.
Creative assistance is available.
Creative Backdrops are ready for anything, anytime, anywhere.
Creative Bears range in price depending on the size of the order and the complexity of the artwork.
Creative behavior is based upon values that reflect principles.
Creative beings are able to find significance in everything.
Creative beings continue to grow.
Creative book keeping just like creative thinking can get one into trouble.
Creative briefs have eight sections, each with user-defined headings and descriptions.
Creative brilliance is their specialty.
Creative business offers, affliiate, advertising, and partnerships considered.
Creative callers can invent additional commands.
Creative cards are currently the cheapest on the market.
Creative catering makes every event special.
Creative centers promote self-expression.
Creative challenges are always welcome.
Every creative challenge has many possible solutions.
Creative children enjoy being exposed to an abundance of language.
Creative classrooms require the contributions of many people.
Creative coasters mean cash.
Creative collaboration is encouraged.
Creative collaboration opens up all kinds of new possibilities and new ways of thinking.
Creative collaborators are welcome.
Creative combinations can optimize what nature has to offer.
Creative commentary is hard work and our people crank out some of the best columns around.
Creative communication can enhance the understanding of the universality of human experience.
Creative communication can increase cultural empathy.
Creative communication is unique to each individual artist.
Creative company profile all products product est.
Creative compensation is the recruiter's responsibility.
Creative composition using octonic, eclectic and modal scales in selected styles is required.
Creative concept is the idea underlying a graphic design project.
Creative concepts are optional.
Creative conflict can educate and bring synthesis in an environmnent of trust and respect.
Creative consciousness can create good, or evil.
Creative consciousness is enveloped in 'havingness'.
Creative consultants help coordinate ideas and create a memorable event for planners and guests.
Creative containers are an important element to any garden, large or small.
Creative containers are the first ingredient to designing an eye-catching floral centerpiece.
Creative control is great.
Creative control is pretty much what every tattoo artists wants.
Creative Cooking Use a variety of methods to keep ahead of meals on busy days.
Creative coordination is to begin no less than five weeks prior to flight.
Creative coping means modifying or substituting activities that are pleasurable.
Creative Criminals Bilking investors is an old established sport.
Creative decisions take far too long to be made.
Creative delivery represents one way to cut through the clutter.
Creative democracy sculpts the song.
Creative design can be simple.
Creative design has a significant effect on the marketability and profitability of a project.
Creative design skills Competitive rates.
Creative designs take creative minds.
Many creative designs are acceptable, but some can cause manufacturing problems.
Creative designers push boundaries of function, materials, and fabrication processes.
Creative destruction is better than no creativity at all.
Creative destruction is motivated by a desire for higher profits.
Creative development continues throughout the process.
Creative directors are down there with lawyers and accountants.
Creative directors are responsible for the design, vision, and theme of a show.
Creative directors become playwrights.
Creative dissonance has a positive side.
Creative drama is also explored.
Creative drama is ideal for scouts, church, school, birthday parties and large family events.
Creative effects are possible by deliberately using the wrong settings.
Creative endeavor can make universal the experiences of individuals.
Creative endeavors depend on the lively exchange of ideas.
Every creative endeavor has two components, format and content.
Any creative endeavour is always more than the sum of one person's efforts.
Creative energy comes from recognizing and appreciating the creativity of others.
Creative energy is extremely fragile.
Creative energy is needed to capitalize on the future developments.
Creative energy is the essence of all healing.
Creative energy is what runs the universe.
Creative engineering is learned by engineering creatively.
Creative essays can indeed be very effective, but only if they are executed well.
Creative examples help children show effective details and move plots to interesting conclusions.
Creative excuses abound.
Creative experiences can develop awareness and confidence in communication.
Creative experiences can help children express and cope with their feelings.
Creative experiences enlarge the students' understanding of life.
Creative experiences help children to express and cope with their feelings.
Creative experimentation is encouraged.
Creative explanations combined with the right graphics promote the big picture.
Creative expression can help.
Creative expression flows abundantly here, much like the many rivers that traverse the region.
Creative expression is a central focus of the minor.
Creative expression is certainly too beautiful.
Creative expression is cherished.
Creative expression is developed and encouraged in regular music, art, drama and woodshop classes.
Creative expression is developed through writing, acting and cultural self-awareness.
Creative expression is encouraged in art and writing.
Creative expression is encouraged through composition and improvisation.
Creative expression is encouraged through listening, speaking, writing and drawing activities.
Creative expression is exactly how science is debated, explored, and advanced.
Creative expression is inspired through music, art and craft activities, and dramatic play.
Creative expression is one way of exploring self and the relationship between self and the universe.
Creative expression is part of the daily routine through craft, art, dance and music.
Creative expression is the goal, and technology a means to that end.
Creative expression promotes the discovery and development of each student's uniqueness.
Creative expression reflects the world back to itself and changes it.
Creative expressions can expand patterns of communication.
Creative expressions gives our brains a workout, activating new circuits in our grey matter.
Creative facility siting can benefit companies, communities and the environment.
Creative faculty backed by supportive administrators make a powerful combination.
Creative financing can result in improved cash flow and lower interest costs.
Creative financing is available to a qualified buyer.
Creative financing is offered so that lenders can make even more profit.
Creative financing is our specialty.
Creative financing is our strength.
Creative financing is the key to budget-saving brownfields redevelopment.
Creative financing means just that - a creative solution to a financial problem.
Every creative firm wants to play to their strengths.
Creative flexibility is meaningful if it is accommodated within a self-chosen discipline.
Creative folk get their name hung on the best of things.
Creative founders consider a wide range of alternative sites and keep many options open.
Creative freedom is a small price to pay.
Creative freedom is the essence of a skunk works.
Creative freedom needs to be grounded with real-world priorities.
Creative fulfillment can come from a good paying job or painting a portrait.
Creative funding Raising money for activities is a challenge many student organizations face.
Creative gardening begins with questions, some inner-looking.
Creative gardening offers ideas on gardening design.
Creative genius shows up in all DoDEA schools.
Creative geniuses hone their art.
Creative hypnotherapy provides that push in a simple, safe and uniquely pleasurable way.
Creative ideas are like balloons.
Creative ideas are much more fun than store bought items.
Creative ideas are often unpopular.
Creative ideas are welcome.
Creative ideas become a performance or a cultural product through production.
Creative ideas can come in the form of writing, sound effects, lighting, graphics, music, etc.
Creative ideas can pay off.
Creative ideas grab attention.
Creative ideas require time to incubate and marinate.
Creative ideas welcome.
Any creative idea is worthy, except funding teacher training or travel.
Every creative idea deserves some yellow hat attention.
Creative imagination is what brings added life and meaning to the routines of everyday living.
Creative individuals can make connections to communicate more powerfully.
Creative individuals can record, advertise, and publish with a small amount of money.
Creative individuals have an unquenchable thirst for knowledge .
Creative individuals take responsibility for making changes.
Creative inspiration derives from many sources.
Creative inspiration is psychosomatic since complex internal functions and mind participate.
Creative intellect is rare.
Creative interaction is encouraged.
Creative interaction is prized by every member of the group.
Many creative interpretations go unnoticed for years.
Creative juices stir, and life takes on a more pleasing glow.
Creative juices stir, decision reached concerning legal area that includes marriage.
Creative juices stir, share knowledge.
Creative juices stir.
Creative jumps are wonderful and add to the spectator appeal.
Creative kids can cover a refrigerator with their paintings in no time.
Creative labor is craft labor.
Creative labor is what keeps people out of mischief.
All creative labor is forbidden.
Creative laboratory processes from design to finished product.
Creative landscapers loosen up formal gardens with curving lines and native plantings.
Creative layout makes it an even more enjoyable experience.
Creative leaders blaze a path to other people s talents to ignite community efforts.
Creative leadership is characterized by communicating and embodying stories.
Creative leadership is indispensable for party politics.
Creative leadership provides change.
Creative leaps have their own internal form.
Creative learners are imaginative and innovative.
Creative leeway allows students to develop a unique character and look to the head.
Creative living goes by the way side.
Creative living is the same.
Creative living requires the luxury of time and space.
Every creative maker has an 'inspiration', a muse.
Creative Management Be a creative manager.
Creative managers can work within a company structure to keep employees motivated.
Creative marketing helps to differentiate one lemonade stand from another.
Creative marketing is a blend of product features and human behavior.
Creative materials are due one week after the space deadline.
Creative materials require cultural and stylistic adaptation.
All creative materials are subject to our approval.
Creative meanies can probably think of other things to do to the files.
Creative media help to tell the truth in public.
All creative mediums are eligible.
Creative menu varies according to seasonal availability.
Creative menu varies by season.
Creative merit is irrelevant.
Creative methods can illustrate key points of the lesson.
Creative methods follow an artistic-oriented procedure.
Creative mind depends upon a flexible understanding of nature and man, and how they relate.
Creative minds are dangerous minds.
Creative minds can build creative projects.
Creative minds strengthen the bonds of identity by means of myth and symbol, fashioning ideologies.
Creative minds using the best technology produce great results.
Creative mirrors Hanging mirrors adds the illusion of size to small spaces.
Creative moments come and go and they often seem so insignificant.
Creative movement is central part of musical learning.
Creative movement makes processes understandable.
Every creative musician brings out something different from the synthesizer.
Creative names can be very effective.
Creative negotiation involves looking for the hidden opportunities presented by challenges.
Creative negotiators can open up new avenues of action that no one ever thought of before.
Creative nonfiction is a current interest.
Creative nonfiction is a sort of socio-historic genre, even a cultural artifact.
Creative nonfiction is included.
Creative nonfiction is one of the most exciting forms available to young writers.
Creative nonfiction seems to be filling a universal craving for what is theoretically true.
Creative nonfiction utilizes the techniques of fiction to tell true stories.
Most creative nonfiction is written in the first person.
Creative observation is, like many things, a learned task.
Creative opportunities abound.
Creative opportunities are enormous.
Creative opportunities exist.
Creative opportunities present themselves.
Creative Options Go shopping at the grocery store.
Creative organisation exercises.
Creative organizations create safety zones for experimentation and innovation.
Creative organizations focus on bringing out the best in people.
Creative outcomes are the desired goal.
Creative outputs fall within each level of the tower.
Creative parents look for ways to involved the children in community affairs.
Creative partners can make it so.
Creative partnerships are critical factors in finding solutions.
Creative pastimes bring pleasure after dark.
Creative people are able to associate ungrouped things and disassociate grouped ones.
Creative people are able to enjoy themselves within chaos and confusion.
Creative people are always on the lookout for new information.
Creative people are always pleased when they pull off a fiendishly clever show-stopper.
Creative people are capable of turning ideas into reality.
Creative people are crucial to an economy based on innovation.
Creative people are moody by nature and their work and ideas vary from day to day.
Creative people are more sensitive than other individuals.
Creative people are particularly susceptible to addictions of many kinds.
Creative people are scarcer than investment capital.
Creative people are self-referral orientated.
Creative people are usually good problem solvers.
Creative people are very vindictive.
Creative people can devote as much, or as little, time as they choose.
Creative people can easily get burnt-out by doing the same thing every day.
Creative people can start thinking about something, then forget it.
Creative people care about the communities in which they live.
Creative people define a new authority.
Creative people draw upon their passion, work toward a vision and act with thoughtfulness.
Creative people enjoy problem solving, even when the procedure is frustrating.
Creative people give it panache and sparkle, and make it inviting to explore.
Creative people have a natural hankering dig deeper.
Creative people have a tendency to concentrate on their inner workings.
Creative people have many ideas.
Creative people have to be fed from the divine source.
Creative people have to take time to refill the well.
Creative people love creative names, however creative people create their own.
Creative people make connections between seemingly unrelated ideas.
Creative people open themselves to diverse ideas.
Creative people play.
Creative people plunge into disaster every time they do something new.
Creative people realize that reality is complex and interesting.
Creative people see problems as opportunities.
Creative people see things differently.
Creative people seem to be able to tune in more to their thought patterns and glean great ideas.
Creative people spend a great deal of time alone.
Creative people spin off from the mother ship.
Creative people take appropriate risks.
Creative people take risks, i.e., they generate novel, clever, ingenious solutions to problems.
Creative people tell the significance of their agencies in their ads.
Creative people tend to be goal oriented.
Creative people tend to be unorganized.
Creative people tend to have to learn how to work invisibly in such organizations.
Creative people tend to push social boundaries and touch upon controversial issues.
Creative people terrify governments.
Creative people thrive on recognition.
Creative people use chance.
Creative people use many scientific principles in making art.
All creative people are like that.
All creative people take risks.
All creative people unite to a network of associated and sustainable work.
Many creative people have some good ideas for graphic computer games or other software .
Many creative people keep collections and personal treasures in their own homes.
Most creative people are clever enough to deal with that.
Most creative people are, by nature, good liars.
Most creative people have many more ideas for projects than they can possibly implement themselves.
Most creative people have vision.
Most creative people start out doing it as a hobby, a sideline to their normal day jobs.
Some creative people are very persistent.
Creative performances can increase the power of communication.
A creative person is a creator
Creative persons are freer than noncreative persons.
Creative persons exhibit a lot of foresight in focusing on projects, and they do bring about change.
Creative persons tend to be chaotic.
Creative persons work well in the ethos of jazz.
Every creative person knows the pride of seeing an idea produced.
Creative personnel are also now necessary in Japan.
Creative perspiration is evident throughout.
Creative philosophers make something new.
Creative photographers know where their interests lie and what their subject is.
Creative planning can keep costs to a minimum.
Creative planning determines a congregation's focus and the steps on the journey.
Creative planning is essential before the fact.
Creative planning is needed for a reception and refreshments.
All creative positions require extensive nationwide travel.
Creative possibilities abound.
Creative Pots Turn any container into an eye-catching planter.
Creative potential is more important than specific skills.
Creative power is strong, and needs to have constructive outlets to avoid violence.
Creative power is the foundation on which many successes have been built.
Creative practice reveals itself here as a primary spiritual practice.
Creative preparations call for Island ingredients harvested at the peak of perfection.
Creative problem solver possessing first-rate analytical abilities.
Creative problem solver with a demonstrated history of building internal and external partnerships.
Creative problem solving also relies upon an understanding of numbers and their relationships.
Creative problem solving and critical thinking skills are the basis for the curriculum.
Creative problem solving and troubleshooting skills are very important.
Creative problem solving can create miracles.
Creative problem solving can often lead to a better way of environmental protection.
Creative problem solving can sometimes turn an apparent loser into a job with possibilities.
Creative problem solving depends on context, interrelationships, and experience.
Creative problem solving has a significant impact on an organization's growth and profitability.
Creative problem solving in the area of human-environment relationships is emphasized.
Creative problem solving is a practical feature of dreams.
Creative problem solving is a topic of study in cognitive psychology.
Creative problem solving is an underlying course focus.
Creative problem solving is at the heart of our programs.
Creative problem solving is encouraged as an avenue to develop confidence and independence.
Creative problem solving is fundamental to the leadership role of patcher .
Creative problem solving is worth far more to a business than words and pictures.
Creative problem solving is.
Creative problem solving requires careful attention to possible solutions for the problem.
Creative problem solving skills too anticipate potential problems and derive contingency plan.
Creative problem solving techniques try to accelerate the triggering of insight.
Creative problem solving with our customers is at the very heart of instrument development.
Creative problem solving, client interaction, and strong communication skills are necessary.
Creative process focuses on the unfolding patterns of wholeness.
Creative products are a focus of the clusters.
Creative products help the child gain skills to expanding their imagination and self-expression.
Creative production is the result of studio activity and critique.
Creative professionals can present concepts in a way as original and inventive as their ideas.
Creative professionals make money through productivity.
Creative Profiles Specialize in multi-cultural hair care.
Creative programs enhance their experience together.
Creative programs go beyond and engage kids in creative activities.
Creative programmers are deaf.
Creative programming is important to encourage cross training in a fitness facility.
Creative projects are a specialty.
Creative projects are due.
Creative projects are usually collections of original poetry, fiction or prose essays.
Creative projects begin.
Creative projects dance off drawing boards with a life of their own.
Creative projects flow easier than dry logical work.
Creative projects stimulate creativity using natural and recycled materials.
Creative property is private property.
Creative pursuits feed and inspire the imagination.
Creative quality is the priority.
Creative reading is the epitome of higher level reading.
Creative recycling allows two antique tubs to be turned into unique, wheelchair-friendly gardens.
Creative research is crucial to market success in today's emerging knowledge-based economy.
Creative resources can unfold.
Creative responses Treat others as equals at all times.
Creative rhyme is important in any type of showtune.
Creative risk taking can produce more time.
Some creative rituals are downright strange.
Creative salaries are slightly higher due to the demand for quality talent.
Creative salespeople use the power of ideas to create customer satisfaction and wealth.
Creative scheduling can allow people with fibromyalgia to engage in a full life.
Creative schools try to integrate or package learning into meaningful units.
Creative scientists belong to a class of people who have daydreams.
Creative section is used clearly and in an informative way to capture the audiences' attention.
Creative sellers don t respond to the needs of the marketplace they create new ones.
Creative sentences provide sentencing options beyond the traditional use of fines and imprisonment.
Creative services are available at competitive prices.
Creative services are available for an additional fee.
Creative services includes graphic design, web site development, printing and mailing fulfillment.
Creative services provided include development of a logo, slogan or jingle suited to the business.
Creative sessions are often memorable sessions.
Creative sets blend in with the special effects for good scenes.
Creative socials provide fellowship and fun.
Creative software is fun for the whole family.
Creative solutions abound, from taking stretch breaks to the use of appropriate body mechanics.
Creative solutions are available for people with low vision today.
Creative solutions are critical to the success of our projects.
Creative solutions are likely to be needed in the most difficult situations.
Creative solutions are one thing.
Creative solutions are possible when everyone works together for a solution.
Creative solutions are possible.
Creative solutions are usually highly context-specific.
Creative solutions become imperative.
Creative solutions can minimize or eliminate an accident's financial impact.
Creative solutions come from facts, inspiration and listening to each other.
Creative solutions come in many different shapes and size.
Creative solutions come in many shapes and sizes.
Creative solutions lead to better working methods.
Creative solutions require creative thinking.
Many creative solutions are available as the interest in online training increases.
Many creative solutions are variations on themes or techniques that have been used before.
Most creative sorts cherish their notions of what's authentic to their own time.
Creative students are more likely to show profiles of styles that are legislative and global.
Creative students learn the principles of design through projects and assignments.
Creative submissions are particularly welcome.
Creative suggestions are welcome.
Creative synergy happens when different people pen a single story.
Creative talent is the main requirement of the art department.
Creative talents are magnified and the capacity to learn excels.
Creative talents have no barriers.
Creative teachers highlight many inventive applications at conferences.
Creative teachers make mistakes, but but they also search for ways to overcome mistakes.
Creative teachers see each day as a new beginning, an opportunity to do something great.
Creative teachers see the multi-color differences of a person.
Creative teachers use a variety of materials to represent concepts and larger phenomena to students.
Creative teachers use discussion webs across the curriculum.
Every creative teacher draws upon many sources of stimulation.
Many creative teachers construct their own materials for classroom use.
Creative teaching is a constant search for the most effective practices.
Creative teams brainstorm.
Creative teams get it right the first time.
Creative techniques are paramount in the course.
Creative techniques can enhance information systems.
Creative tension can force youth to evaluate their own personal beliefs, feelings, and actions.
Creative tension helps things to work.
Creative tension is in the middle, and it's a fairly narrow place.
Creative tension is the difference between the shared vision and the current reality.
Creative tension provides the energy needed to accomplish great acts.
Creative things have to sell to get acknowledged as such.
Many creative things can flow from that because the discussion can go in many different directions.
A creative thinker is an intellectual
Creative thinkers are always in demand.
Creative thinkers are original thinkers who see things differently.
Creative thinkers know that technology can be used more than just to improve efficiency.
Creative thinkers move organizations forward.
Creative thinkers verify and judge, but they expect surprises and avoid judging prematurely.
Some creative thinkers can be very rigid in some areas.
Creative thought abounds in all occupations and can be practiced and cultivated in anyone.
Creative thought is achieved through the exercise of free determination in space and time.
Creative thought is by definition new, and what is new is different.
Creative thought is eternal.
Creative thought is the basis of all analytical thought.
Creative thought needs to be given to internal checks on media power.
Creative thought requires an act of faith.
Creative time is after lunch.
Creative time is over.
Creative topicality is compelling radio.
Creative touches run rampant.
Creative toys are as much fun to buy or make as they are for kids play with.
Creative toys develop imagination.
Creative types can create fast, cheap Web animations anywhere they want.
Creative types kill themselves when they cease to be creative.
Creative types tend to harbor curious concepts of dress, hairstyle, hygiene, or work habits.
Some creative types come up with novel uses for their old machines.
Creative universe seeks talented individuals to feel it with beauty and hope.
Creative vision is man's most potent capability.
Creative vision is the highest human expression of spirituality.
Creative visualization focuses exclusively on the targeted outcome.
Creative visualization is an easy, effective method for tapping that power.
Creative visualization is one of the easiest techniques.
Creative visualization is the key.
Creative visualization produces similar results to that of the placebo effect in scientific studies.
Creative Walls Offers advice and tips on applications involving paint, wallpaper, and faux finishes.
Creative webmasters can incorporate TV highlights onto web sites.
Creative webmasters can incorporate video clips or still images onto web sites.
Creative work can be exciting, inspiring, and godlike.
Creative work culminates in both written and performance work.
Creative work demands risk and there are so many variables when dealing with the earth's crust.
Creative work is a combination of both kinds of focused attention.
Creative work is also the kind of work on which companies thrive.
Creative work is always interesting and enjoyable.
Creative work is by and large a human endeavour, a product of the intellect and the imagination.
Creative work is done with similar objectives.
Creative work is encouraged through regular individual conferences.
Creative work is endlessly challenging and rewarding.
Creative work is expressed in our times in a union of technology and humanity.
Creative work is our research.
Creative work is solicited from the student body and is reviewed anonymously by committee.
Creative works are also welcome.
Creative works includes prose, poetry, musical scores, notes, and a sketchbook.
All creative work begins with an idea.
All creative work is directed towards and dependent on the end of the work.
All creative work is the result of clarity and the expansion of focused intent.
All creative works end up in the public domain eventually.
Any creative work is welcome.
Every creative work is copyrighted the moment it is fixed in tangible form.
Much creative work requires some form of document.
Creative workshops are startet.
Creative writers are always greater than the causes that they represent.
Creative writers are exempt.
Creative writers can become authors, poets, and playwrights.
Creative writers find different ways to convey the information they are expressing.
Creative writers find the degree meaningful in careers both in and out of the academic community.
Creative writers find the degree useful in careers both in and out of the academic community.
Creative writers submit fiction in lieu of a term paper.
Creative writers take courses designed to develop their abilities both as writers and critics.
Creative writers use prose and poetry as companions.
Many creative writers are story tellers.
Creative writing allows students to see the application of scientific concepts in everyday life.
Creative writing appears in the last twenty years or so as a budding and promising academic field.
Creative writing begins when the spark of an idea ignites the fuel of language.
Creative writing can also be a help in worship.
Creative Writing Examine some of history's most famous creative works.
Creative writing has a tremendous potential for growth.
Creative writing has absolutely nothing to do with being a great communicator.
Creative Writing Has many writing links for fiction, poetry, drama and screenwriting.
Creative Writing Have students write short stories about people in the panoramic photographs.
Creative writing helps develop communication skills and encourages the imagination.
Creative writing helps students focus on language as a tool to explore and depict experience.
Creative writing helps students use language as a medium for imagination, insight, and artistry.
Creative Writing Includes short stories, essays, journal or script writing.
Creative writing is a form of self-expression.
Creative writing is a lot of fun.
Creative writing is a way to uncover interdependence and meaning.
Creative writing is about accessing the unconscious.
Creative writing is also another facet of our English department.
Creative writing is an increasingly important aspect of literary education.
Creative writing is another opportunity.
Creative writing is broader still.
Creative writing is developed.
Creative writing is emphasized in third grade.
Creative writing is emphasized throughout the district.
Creative writing is emphasized.
Creative writing is encouraged by expressing ideas using temporary spelling and illustrations.
Creative writing is taught in seminars and workshops.
Creative writing is the best part of the unit.
Creative writing is truly a unique form of art and there are numerous showcases for such work.
Creative writing is verbose.
Creative writing offers more practical skills, and literature offers more traditional coursework.
Creative writing plays an important role in all of our lives.
Creative writing provides students with experiences within a variety of literature genres.
Creative writing takes the very personal into a public arena.
Creative Writing Think about the following questions and make up a list of possible writing topics.
Some creative writing is an option with the permission of the subject coordinator.
Some creative writing is explored.
Creatively market undergraduate statistical science to a broad base of constituencies.
Creativeness grows out of the Christian worldview.
Creativeness is essential for flavorists also.
Creativeness is liberation from slavery.
Creativeness is one ability that knows no limit.
Creativeness is power
Creativeness is something mysterious and hidden.
Creativeness is very important.
Creativeness is welcomed.
Creativeness leads to ecstasy of the moment.
Creativeness requires patience.
Creativeness often consists of merely turning up what is already there.
Creativity tests are an effective means of identifying artistically gifted and talented students.
Creativity tests are effective means of identifying artistically gifted and talented students.
Creativity abounds here, with dishes like Alberta lamb rubber with cinnamon and chili.
Creativity abounds in such an environment.
Creativity abounds, inviting one to sit down so as to slowly let it absorb.
Creativity actually affects and enhances each of the other basic needs.
Creativity actually increases.
Creativity also depends on a mind that is fluid, mobile and open to inspiration and intuition.
Creativity also plays a role in critical thinking.
Creativity also refers to a person's joy and connection to passion.
Creativity arises from interactions among different points of view.
Creativity attracts people, customers, and congregations.
Creativity becomes less effective.
Creativity becomes stifled and stagnant and cripples the free nature of the brainstorming process.
Creativity begets creativity.
Creativity begins at home.
Creativity begins here.
Creativity begins to expand.
Creativity breeds creativity.
Creativity brings beauty and order into being, vandalism is a reversion to disorder.
Creativity brings destruction.
Creativity builds rituals that make real our interconnection in human community.
Creativity can also enrich our lives.
Creativity can also overflow into smart and inventive ways to sell crafts and project ideas.
Creativity can be a good thing and is often effective.
Creativity can be a place to center a distracted, scattered mind.
Creativity can be a social contribution, but only in so far as society is free to use the results.
Creativity can be an unusual entry point into church.
Creativity can be dull 'The arts and sports are key to our quality of life.
Creativity can be fun as well as inspiring.
Creativity can be lots of fun especially with some wine tasting and conversation.
Creativity can be low key, simple, unostentatious and very logical - in hindsight.
Creativity can be messy, please have children dressed in old, playable clothes.
Creativity can be refreshing.
Creativity can be so easy.
Creativity can be technical, or it can be the product of an active imagination.
Creativity can be the key to getting a good directory listing.
Creativity can be the key to open doors to new ideas and opportunities.
Creativity can be very self-rewarding.
Creativity can deliver an impact that budgets can no longer provide.
Creativity can expand the understanding of communication.
Creativity can flow without self-criticism.
Creativity can generate ideas for new products and solutions, as well as connect ideas to needs.
Creativity can get messages across in far more interesting ways.
Creativity can go a long way toward making an ethics program effective.
Creativity can grow here.
Creativity can help change their minds.
Creativity can involves students more and make the learning reach more students.
Creativity can lead to new positions in both.
Creativity can lead to optimal results for teams and individuals.
Creativity can make even the tightest budget do-able, with a little faith and a lot of love.
Creativity can make everyone look good.
Creativity can make the crucial difference if all other things are equal.
Creativity can overcome financial constraints, but only up to a point.
Creativity can serve many ends.
Creativity can solve almost any problem.
Creativity can spring up at any moment under any circumstance.
Creativity can substitute for financial resources.
Creativity can t exist without freedom.
Creativity can take on many characteristics and attributes.
Creativity causes a desire to writes.
Creativity coaching applies to the artist, the businessman, the pastor, anyone.
Creativity combined with technical knowledge characterizes the classroom spirit in the department.
Creativity combines with efficiency to achieve a solid return for the client's investment.
Creativity comes dressed in everyday clothes.
Creativity comes forth both from the limitations of blank walls, and from chaos.
Creativity comes fraught with a fierce danger.
Creativity comes from a full subconscious.
Creativity comes from all sources, both from the inside and the outside.
Creativity comes from deep inside, and is truly difficult to explain.
Creativity comes from play, and from the free operation of the rational, the wish, and the phantasy.
Creativity comes from play.
Creativity comes from rebels.
Creativity comes from unlikely juxtapositions.
Creativity comes from writing seemingly absurd answers.
Creativity comes in many forms.
Creativity comes in many, many forms, each as legitimate as any other.
Creativity comes into play at more than one point.
Creativity comes with a load of private responsibility.
Creativity comes with an environment that breeds it.
Creativity continues to be a strong focus as new technology is introduced.
Creativity continues with the right stuff.
Creativity costs money.
Creativity counts .
Creativity counts even after a picture has been snapped.
Creativity counts Few experts disagree with that latter assessment.
Creativity counts more than cash.
Creativity counts, too.
Creativity creates results.
Creativity creates the highest quality graphics and innovative, cutting-edge design.
Creativity demands something new.
Creativity depends on expressiveness, authenticity.
Creativity develops when children have free time to daydream, imagine and play.
Creativity differs markedly between the arts and sciences, and even between different art forms.
Creativity disappears and peace of mind and relaxation becomes unattainable.
Creativity Do something inventive, there's plenty of the same old stuff out there already.
Creativity does have dry spells.
Creativity drives entrepreneurship.
Creativity drives our every action.
Creativity ebbs away.
Creativity emerges from tolerating such ambiguity.
Creativity enables the heart to begin to hope again.
Creativity engages the reader.
Creativity enhances a sense of self.
Creativity enters into every part of setting up, planning, marketing, and maintaining a business.
Creativity exists in everyone.
Creativity exists in everything.
Creativity expands the human experience.
Creativity expresses the play of invention and the reward of application that becomes innovation.
Creativity extends to pricing.
Creativity feeds every type of co-intelligence.
Creativity feeds on itself.
Creativity feeds upon itself.
Creativity finds expresion through an interpretation and reclaim of our legacy.
Creativity finds the unique in the universal.
Creativity flourishes amid countless performing and visual art groups.
Creativity follows and gives rise to energy.
Creativity follows There are no rules.
Creativity frightens the unimaginative.
Creativity generates competing ideas, and ingenuity finds ways to test the competing ideas.
Creativity gives new forms, new patterns, new ideas, new art forms.
Creativity goes a long way in accommodation.
Creativity goes a long way when there is no budget.
Creativity goes beyond possession and use of artistic or musical talent.
Creativity goes out into anything.
Creativity goes right along with passion.
Creativity greatly enhances communication.
Creativity guides both students and teachers to utilize our resources in meeting student needs.
Creativity happens naturally.
Creativity has a new outlet.
Creativity has a wide range.
Creativity has no age limit.
Creativity has no further use.
Creativity has no pattern.
Creativity has nothing to do with art, although it can invade the art field.
Creativity has the power to absorb and to captivate.
Creativity has to be daily.
Creativity has to be how the hand and the brain function in choosing, on the paper or canvas.
Creativity has two distinct processes, and each one is vital.
Creativity helps a lot too.
Creativity helps bring the focus onto incentives.
Creativity helps clear up difficulties.
Creativity helps people think outside of the box.
Creativity here can be rewarding.
Creativity here sets the stage for consensus planning and action.
Creativity includes such activities as drama, music, dance, art, and writing.
Creativity involves adaptability and flexibility of thought.
Creativity involves being open and aware of the task at hand.
Creativity involves coming up with many possible solutions to a single problem.
Creativity involves divergent thinking.
Creativity involves doing things different from others.
Creativity involves fitting the tight structure.
Creativity involves follow through to something novel and of use.
Creativity involves jumping in and letting the intuition take over.
Creativity involves risk-taking and going against the norm, and sometimes that means failure.
Creativity involves risk-taking.
Creativity involves the generation of novel behavior that meets a standard of quality or utility.
Creativity is . . .
Creativity is a basic and powerful human capacity.
Creativity is a basic human drive, but it is also one that demands much of the soul.
Creativity is a basic human instinct to make that which is new.
Creativity is a big part to the lure of Breaking.
Creativity is a big plus, though.
Creativity is a birth right for all human beings.
Creativity is a bit too scarce for that.
Creativity is a broader concept than scientific excellence - which remains mandatory.
Creativity is a central focus of the minor.
Creativity is a central, valued, integral part of the everyday organizational life.
Creativity is a cognitive activity that results in one or more novel solutions for a problem.
Creativity is a commitment.
Creativity is a commodity in short supply.
Creativity is a complex, multi-faceted process.
Creativity is a component of talent.
Creativity is a concept surrounded by a number of beliefs and misconceptions.
Creativity is a continuity that engenders itself in others.
Creativity is a cornerstone of business.
Creativity is a cosmic joke, picnic and panic.
Creativity is a cross fertilization and interbreeding of ideas.
Creativity is a crucial aspect of resolving conflicts peacefully.
Creativity is a cycle including a time of observation and imagination in the early stages.
Creativity is a daily experience - an exciting way of dealing with all the situations of living.
Creativity is a deciding factor for chemical companies now and in the future.
Creativity is a decision.
Creativity is a definite asset to the advertising coordinator's skills.
Creativity is a difficult thing to depend on for stable earnings.
Creativity is a essential part of web page development.
Creativity is a field of endeavor in which science has already made considerable contribution.
Creativity is a free expression of the self.
Creativity is a function of making, combining or changing.
Creativity is a function of what exists within our mind's eye.
Creativity is a fundamental American phenomenon.
Creativity is a gift possessed by a chosen few.
Creativity is a gift that keeps on giving.
Creativity is a gift, use it to add something new to the world.
Creativity is a gift.
Creativity is a great asset to have - it helps in almost any career.
Creativity is a highly spiritual component.
Creativity is a huge subject.
Creativity is a human process leading to a result which is novel, useful and understandable.
Creativity is a journey of discovery - an ongoing process.
Creativity is a key component of the initial analysis.
Creativity is a key component.
Creativity is a key in developing many of the ideas.
Creativity is a key source.
Creativity is a labor of love.
Creativity is a large part of that development.
Creativity is a learned process.
Creativity is a learned science.
Creativity is a life style.
Creativity is a lot like that.
Creativity is a magic that happens sometimes.
Creativity is a matter of motivation, technique, habit and practice.
Creativity is a measure of originality.
Creativity is a mystery, collaboration the solution.
Creativity is a natural, normal aspect of healthy human beings.
Creativity is a necessary component of effective environmental enrichment .
Creativity is a notoriously difficult dimension to measure.
Creativity is a paradox, a mystery.
Creativity is a part of every person.
Creativity is a part of the distinction between man and non-man.
Creativity is a permanent memory.
Creativity is a personality characteristic that can be very handy for a teacher in any classroom.
Creativity is a pleasing spice in life.
Creativity is a plus for content, but appropriateness is always important.
Creativity is a plus, as is experience working on varied projects.
Creativity is a plus.
Creativity is a positive thing.
Creativity is a powerful and elusive force.
Creativity is a powerful tool in reaching the public.
Creativity is a prerequisite.
Creativity is a prime determinate of our humanity, it is also necessarily antisocial.
Creativity is a prime passion.
Creativity is a prized attribute.
Creativity is a process There is power in the positive.
Creativity is a product of a clear unobstructed mind.
Creativity is a rare form of genius.
Creativity is a result of thought, process and product development time.
Creativity is a sign of consciousness.
Creativity is a skill in which organizations are becoming very interested.
Creativity is a skill that can be learned-like learning to ride a bicycle.
Creativity is a skill that can be taught and learned .
Creativity is a skill that can be taught.
Creativity is a skill.
Creativity is a spark of genius.
Creativity is a special way of seeing, learning and thinking about things.
Creativity is a spiritual experience in and of itself.
Creativity is a spiritual experience.
Creativity is a spiritual issue.
Creativity is a state of mind.
Creativity is a struggle for freedom.
Creativity is a subconscious period of increased memory association.
Creativity is a talent . . .
Creativity is a tool, but more importantly, a way of seeing.
Creativity is a valued and orchestrated process, rather than an event left to chance.
Creativity is a verb.
Creativity is a vital life force of any community.
Creativity is a vital, yet personal, ingredient in the production of scientific knowledge.
Creativity is a way of life.
Creativity is a way of thinking and a way of doing.
Creativity is a whirling of energy filled with rainbow colors.
Creativity is a wonderful thing, nothing can take it away, and it can only be nurtured.
Creativity is a word that can be used loosely.
Creativity is ability.
Creativity is about bringing the mystery of the deeper feminine into all aspects of life.
Creativity is about divergent thinking.
Creativity is about emotion.
Creativity is about escaping from cultural programming and the routine and the mundane.
Creativity is about expressing, building, craving, living, inventing, sensuality and even lust.
Creativity is about finding many different solutions.
Creativity is about going back and becoming a child.
Creativity is about understanding and exploring to understand.
Creativity is absolutely necessary.
Creativity is abstract.
Creativity is abundant on campus.
Creativity is acceptable and encouraged.
Creativity is acceptable and role modeled.
Creativity is acceptable.
Creativity is accepted in the application process.
Creativity is accessed.
Creativity is addressed when students are able to design and construct their own system.
Creativity is almost divine.
Creativity is also a factor.
Creativity is also a giving.
Creativity is also a plus.
Creativity is also available.
Creativity is also encouraged and rewarded.
Creativity is also essential in public management and reform.
Creativity is also highly desirable.
Creativity is also important.
Creativity is also part of our service to the greater whole.
Creativity is also the dimension, which evokes the connection between fantasy and product.
Creativity is also, like sex, a playful interaction between the intellect and the senses.
Creativity is always a deviance, a transgression of accepted modes of thought.
Creativity is always a problem.
Creativity is always encouraged.
Creativity is an act of manipulation.
Creativity is an approach to living life.
Creativity is an art form.
Creativity is an aspect of human freedom.
Creativity is an asset in the battle for customer loyalty.
Creativity is an asset.
Creativity is an attitude that can be cultivated and expanded.
Creativity is an attitude, a process, a happening.
Creativity is an avenue for one to become aware of habits.
Creativity is an energy source.
Creativity is an energy which moves through the whole body.
Creativity is an evolving process that is sprung from thought.
Creativity is an example.
Creativity is an exasperating proposition, difficult to come to grips with.
Creativity is an important aspect of total quality, and both subjects have much in common.
Creativity is an important attribute to document.
Creativity is an important ingredient in news design.
Creativity is an important ingredient to the solution of most engineering problems.
Creativity is an important part of intellectual development.
Creativity is an important part of inventing a burglar alarm.
Creativity is an important skill for the rural CMHC manager.
Creativity is an inborn characteristic.
Creativity is an indicator of excellence.
Creativity is an indicator, but it is less reliable and is much more difficult to assess.
Creativity is an inner state, but it is also a social aspect of life.
Creativity is an inside out activity.
Creativity is an interesting phenomenon that enhances our lives.
Creativity is an intrinsic process as natural as a tree growing in sunlight.
Creativity is an ongoing process, and needs to be fostered along.
Creativity is an outlet for emotion, often resulting from personal innovation, and growth.
Creativity is an underused tool in our lives.
Creativity is another component of planning and teaching.
Creativity is another form of intelligence.
Creativity is another important factor in homeschool menu making.
Creativity is another important personality characteristic of being a teacher.
Creativity is another quality that both women cite as an important aspect of their partnership.
Creativity is another rendering of the Aristotelian matter, and the modern neutral stuff.
Creativity is apparent from the get-go.
Creativity is apparent to children as well as adults.
Creativity is applied.
Creativity is appreciated.
Creativity is as good as therapy, a wonderful tool.
Creativity is as important for business people as it is for artists.
Creativity is as much an attitude toward life as a matter of ability.
Creativity is as natural a function of the mind as breathing is a natural function of the body.
Creativity is as reliable as the sun.
Creativity is associated with a distinctive pattern of personality characteristics and styles.
Creativity is assumed to be present within every individual.
Creativity is at the core of human existence.
Creativity is at the forefront of our corporate vision.
Creativity is at the heart of invention.
Creativity is at the very core of each soul, each person.
Creativity is at the very core of each soul, or each person.
Creativity is awakened.
Creativity is born from silence.
Creativity is born in the crucible of distress.
Creativity is born out of passion and love for something.
Creativity is borne of poverty so they know how to use the simplest ingredients properly.
Creativity is both a cause and a consequence of the evolving adventure of science and technology.
Creativity is both a learning experience and a lot of fun.
Creativity is brought to life through hand-painted backgrounds and props made for the shows.
Creativity is by far the cheapest way of getting added value from existing assets.
Creativity is by nature divergent.
Creativity is called for.
Creativity is careful and painstaking.
Creativity is celebrated and encouraged.
Creativity is change.
Creativity is complex, and there is no single definition that is all-encompassing.
Creativity is considered a divine aspect of oneself, and is encouraged.
Creativity is considered an inherent characteristic, more prominent in some than others.
Creativity is contextual.
Creativity is crucial to production of spots.
Creativity is dead.
Creativity is dealt with in great detail below.
Creativity is defined as the capacity for initiating change.
Creativity is definitely the ingredient that spices up their fundraising events.
Creativity is demonstrated through displaying the word wall using various leaves.
Creativity is demonstrated.
Creativity is developed by encouraging independently formulated projects.
Creativity is developed or squelched by environment and learning.
Creativity is difficult to define but involves the ability to work with ideas.
Creativity is directed to finding ways to transform idealism into a new reality.
Creativity is drawn exponentially to new hights.
Creativity is dynamic.
Creativity is emphasized in order to honor children s uniqueness.
Creativity is emphasized.
Creativity is employed.
Creativity is encouraged .
Creativity is encouraged and many of the company's most innovative ideas came from their employees.
Creativity is encouraged and rewarded.
Creativity is encouraged and supported.
Creativity is encouraged and talent is emphasized.
Creativity is encouraged and the students provide oral and written reports on their projects.
Creativity is encouraged and welcomed.
Creativity is encouraged in all of our spontaneous and planned programs.
Creativity is encouraged in teaching methods.
Creativity is encouraged so media specialists can come up with their own activity ideas.
Creativity is encouraged with the priority being to create goal-scoring opportunities.
Creativity is encouraged with the priority, obviously, of creating a good scoring opportunity.
Creativity is encouraged, as long as all pertinent information is included.
Creativity is encouraged, but extremely optional.
Creativity is encouraged, but remember to keep the major focus on the assigned text.
Creativity is encouraged, i.e., banners, logos, graphics, etc.
Creativity is encouraged, particularly when reflection groups lead.
Creativity is encouraged.
Creativity is energy.
Creativity is engagement with the soul.
Creativity is enhanced and learning becomes fun.
Creativity is enhanced by the ability to be child-like, which men seem to relish.
Creativity is enhanced in both separate and shared interests.
Creativity is enhanced when complimentary opposite thinking styles are employed.
Creativity is enhanced.
Creativity is equally essential in problem solving and system development.
Creativity is equally necessary to a spiritual life.
Creativity is especially important here because there is little actual news.
Creativity is essential nourishment.
Creativity is essential.
Creativity is essentially a form of problem-solving.
Creativity is essentially an aspect of expertise.
Creativity is everything.
Creativity is everywhere.
Creativity is evident throughout the handbook.
Creativity is evident.
Creativity is evolution, and evolution lies in the future to be created.
Creativity is examined in the relevant branch of study .
Creativity is exciting, but also demanding, consuming, frustrating, and addicting.
Creativity is exercised by finding new associations among existing objects.
Creativity is expensive currency in an artist's life.
Creativity is expensive, but the alternative is a prescription for stagnation and mediocrity.
Creativity is expressed through artistic media.
Creativity is expressed.
Creativity is for any department that wants better solutions to whatever they are working on.
Creativity is forever .
Creativity is fostered by the exploration of many mediums of art with very few limits.
Creativity is fostered through art, music, and drama.
Creativity is fostered through discussion, projects, and individual choice.
Creativity is fostered.
Creativity is found in all walks of life.
Creativity is fun.
Creativity is given emphasis over rote learning.
Creativity is given open reins.
Creativity is given personal meaning through the exploration of art materials and techniques.
Creativity is given to a person at birth as a potentiality.
Creativity is good company.
Creativity is good, but course consistency and relevancy are better.
Creativity is good.
Creativity is great medicine.
Creativity is great, but plagiarism is faster.
Creativity is hard work.
Creativity is high today and folks are in a sociable mood.
Creativity is highly desired.
Creativity is highly encouraged, and tradition is viewed through the eyes of the Jewish present.
Creativity is highly encouraged.
Creativity is highly prized in any field, setting the achievers apart from the pedestrians.
Creativity is highly valued and effectively promoted in creative companies.
Creativity is highly valued and encouraged in the United States.
Creativity is humankind's most widely and evenly distributed resource.
Creativity is imagination in action.
Creativity is imagination.
Creativity is important because an important aspect of quantum healing is that it is creative.
Creativity is important for both aspects.
Creativity is important for getting past programming blocks.
Creativity is important in all of our lives.
Creativity is important in choosing a password.
Creativity is important in the process of synthesis.
Creativity is important to an architect, but equally important is an organizing mind.
Creativity is important within all design occupations.
Creativity is important, but clarity to the customer is vital.
Creativity is important.
Creativity is impossible without a rich public domain.
Creativity is improved as one experiences diversity of ideas and life styles.
Creativity is in everybody.
Creativity is increased by acknowledging that it exists and by nurturing it.
Creativity is individual.
Creativity is inherent in the cosmos as it is in mankind.
Creativity is inspired by ethnic and historical costume.
Creativity is inspired by past ideas and innovations.
Creativity is integral to good psychotherapy and to our attempts to heal old wounds.
Creativity is integral to the development and production of lingerie.
Creativity is involved with the intellectual as well as the aesthetic processes of the mind.
Creativity is judged more important than technical accuracy.
Creativity is just as important in adulthood.
Creativity is key as users customize their own home page or more specific site.
Creativity is key at the program.
Creativity is key, and writing style is always an indicator of abilities.
Creativity is key.
Creativity is lauded by everyone, from teachers and artisans to engineers and executives.
Creativity is less obvious.
Creativity is like a great receptive womb.
Creativity is like a water table under the earth.
Creativity is like an answer and question together.
Creativity is like gasoline - it can lie dormant until a spark ignites it.
Creativity is limited by the dire financial circumstances that most musicians face.
Creativity is limited only by imagination.
Creativity is limited.
Creativity is lost.
Creativity is low.
Creativity is ludicrous without knowing who is going to read and what they want.
Creativity is made inaccessible to everyone else.
Creativity is many things to many people.
Creativity is merely a plus name for regular activity .
Creativity is merely ideas in the making.
Creativity is messy.
Creativity is minimal.
Creativity is misunderstood, because the result is often given more weight than the process.
Creativity is more important than income.
Creativity is more important than knowledge.
Creativity is more important than memorization.
Creativity is more than having an ability to paint.
Creativity is more than just being different.
Creativity is more than merely spouting spontaneous ideas.
Creativity is more than pushing a few buttons, riding a few levels, and loading a few tapes.
Creativity is most effective when embedded in constructive thinking.
Creativity is most important.
Creativity is national income.
Creativity is necessary for an A grade.
Creativity is necessary for survival and it requires both imagination and logic.
Creativity is needed in a number of professions.
Creativity is needed in science.
Creativity is needed to identify alternative methods of providing the desired product functions.
Creativity is needed to solve problems and to identify new ways of being with clients.
Creativity is never a bad thing.
Creativity is never a substitute for competence.
Creativity is never in equilibrium.
Creativity is no longer a luxury.
Creativity is no longer a mysterious talent.
Creativity is no more and no less than moving 'laterally' across such patterns.
Creativity is no problem there are no limits there.
Creativity is nothing more than considering the problem from various angles.
Creativity is nurtured through the visual, literary, performing, and ritual arts.
Creativity is nurtured, as is an appreciation of art and music.
Creativity is obviously the quintessential ingredient.
Creativity is often persistence with a twist.
Creativity is often the catalyst of success in business.
Creativity is often the key to reformulating or rephrasing a search.
Creativity is often unexpected and exciting.
Creativity is on an all time high.
Creativity is one dimension of giftedness.
Creativity is one focus of the course.
Creativity is one of the greatest medicines ever.
Creativity is one of the keys to sales success in the new economy.
Creativity is one of the most difficult and least understood areas.
Creativity is one of the most fascinating of subjects and can only be touched upon here.
Creativity is one of the most important assets a person can possess .
Creativity is one of the most important assets a person can possess.
Creativity is one sure way to find both meaning and happiness.
Creativity is optional.
Creativity is our birthright.
Creativity is our boss.
Creativity is our core competence.
Creativity is our essence and redemption is our goal.
Creativity is our essence.
Creativity is our fundamental strength limited only by the boundaries of imagination.
Creativity is our mantra.
Creativity is our national passion.
Creativity is our nature.
Creativity is our specialty, innovation our driving force.
Creativity is our universal human birthright.
Creativity is out of the box thinking.
Creativity is out of the user's hand.
Creativity is out.
Creativity is outstanding and it sounds awesome.
Creativity is overrated.
Creativity is paramount.
Creativity is part and parcel of each of the three elements.
Creativity is part of innovation.
Creativity is part of the whole person.
Creativity is part of their being.
Creativity is part of their personality.
Creativity is particularly important for women looking to move into positions of leadership.
Creativity is perhaps the most important factor of architecture.
Creativity is playful, innocent, and sensual.
Creativity is power
Creativity is praised.
Creativity is present.
Creativity is presented to a person for a reason.
Creativity is pretty simple.
Creativity is priceless.
Creativity is problem solving.
Creativity is proportional to knowledge but proportional to fantasy squared .
Creativity is quintessential.
Creativity is rare.
Creativity is required in order to keep costs down.
Creativity is required to find it.
Creativity is required.
Creativity is rewarded and public knowledge is enhanced.
Creativity is rooted in an ability to focus.
Creativity is scorned, although some corporations insist they encourage innovation.
Creativity is sexy.
Creativity is shown in the students writing.
Creativity is simply the act of making something new.
Creativity is simultaneous with discovery.
Creativity is so delicate a flower that praise tends to make it bloom.
Creativity is so important for both Mom and pre-schoolers.
Creativity is something everyone has.
Creativity is something that impacts everyone's life.
Creativity is something that is known after the fact.
Creativity is squelched.
Creativity is stifled by external rewards and extrinsic motivation.
Creativity is stifled now.
Creativity is stifled where there is a limited means of expression.
Creativity is stifled.
Creativity is still key.
Creativity is stimulated by wrestling with form.
Creativity is stimulated naturally.
Creativity is stingy.
Creativity is stressed in seminars of design, drawing and presentation.
Creativity is stressed through extensive exercises and high-end project work.
Creativity is stressed.
Creativity is such a fragile flower.
Creativity is synonymous with invention.
Creativity is the ability to come up with original ideas.
Creativity is the ability to create.
Creativity is the ability to do the totally new and different.
Creativity is the ability to generate unique but relevant responses based on what one has learned.
Creativity is the ability to introduce order into the randomness of nature.
Creativity is the ability to look at the same thing as everyone else but to see something different.
Creativity is the ability to make unexpected connections and realign ideas into new relationships.
Creativity is the ability to usefully combine existing things in new ways.
Creativity is the antithesis of dogma.
Creativity is the base.
Creativity is the basis for long-term success and the force behind motivation and results.
Creativity is the best solution.
Creativity is the center point of being.
Creativity is the central characteristic of reality.
Creativity is the chief cause of change.
Creativity is the cornerstone upon which our services are built.
Creativity is the destination, but courage is the journey.
Creativity is the driver's choice of destination.
Creativity is the easy part, though.
Creativity is the elimination of options.
Creativity is the emergence of unprecedented thought.
Creativity is the essence of life, of evolution, of consciousness, of nature and of matter.
Creativity is the essence.
Creativity is the evolution of ideas into a product or action.
Creativity is the first qualification.
Creativity is the foundation for innovative approaches and solutions.
Creativity is the foundation for success.
Creativity is the gap between perception and knowledge.
Creativity is the imagination at play with the things it loves.
Creativity is the key here.
Creativity is the key in any kind of sexual act.
Creativity is the key to a richer, fuller life.
Creativity is the key to all.
Creativity is the key to optimizing financing for any project.
Creativity is the key to succeeding.
Creativity is the key to success.
Creativity is the key to winning.
Creativity is the key.
Creativity is the lifeblood of our economy.
Creativity is the magic word that can make wishes come true.
Creativity is the main criteria.
Creativity is the manifestation of the healed self.
Creativity is the missing section in past and present attempts at food grouping.
Creativity is the most effective way of promoting any business.
Creativity is the most precious thing in the universe.
Creativity is the motivating force behind the emergence of cjacks.
Creativity is the name of the game here.
Creativity is the natural result of spirituality.
Creativity is the new trend in residential pool building and deck design.
Creativity is the only invariable of our work.
Creativity is the only limit.
Creativity is the origination of ideas from imagination.
Creativity is the power to connect the seemingly unconnected.
Creativity is the primary reason for choosing an advertising agency.
Creativity is the principle of novelty.
Creativity is the privilege of the true self.
Creativity is the process by which newness comes into form.
Creativity is the process of bringing something new into being.
Creativity is the process of eliminating options.
Creativity is the process of generating something new that has value .
Creativity is the process of that flow in action.
Creativity is the property of no-one and the responsibility of everyone.
Creativity is the re-arrangement of old ideas in new ways.
Creativity is the result of observation and meditation.
Creativity is the root of productivity with our teenage youth.
Creativity is the same regardless of the medium.
Creativity is the same story.
Creativity is the science of human thought.
Creativity is the soul of a nation and an inexhaustible source of a country's prosperity.
Creativity is the soul of innovation.
Creativity is the soul of printing.
Creativity is the soul of the true scholar.
Creativity is the source of all possibilities.
Creativity is the source of cosmic energy.
Creativity is the source of inspiration and ideas.
Creativity is the spice of storytelling.
Creativity is the stuff of imagination.
Creativity is the stuff of which reality is made.
Creativity is the systematic elimination of options through good design.
Creativity is the talent to present the ordinary or common in a fresh, appealing manner.
Creativity is the total and only answer.
Creativity is the vehicle that brings the unseen world into the seen world.
Creativity is the very essence of each aspect of reality.
Creativity is the watchword at Montessori, and the teachers guide all activities in that direction.
Creativity is the wave of the future.
Creativity is the way to success.
Creativity is the window to the soul.
Creativity is the word.
Creativity is the zest for life, the reason for living life to the fullest.
Creativity is their talent, technology is their tool.
Creativity is then synonymous with the re-arranging of information.
Creativity is there all of the time.
Creativity is there.
Creativity is thought to flow from such people with little or no effort.
Creativity is tied in with the science and math concepts.
Creativity is to be encouraged and shared.
Creativity is to be recognized and promoted.
Creativity is todays key word.
Creativity is truly life.
Creativity is ultimately incompatible with any single path of development.
Creativity is undoubtedly a strong point of the band.
Creativity is unpredictable.
Creativity is up.
Creativity is used for the technique of discovery.
Creativity is used here in the largest sense of the word.
Creativity is used very often.
Creativity is valued more highly than conformity.
Creativity is valued over authenticity.
Creativity is very dependent on given ideas, cultural assumptions and general knowledge.
Creativity is very imporatnat and be complete.
Creativity is very much a matter of tying together loose ends and making connections.
Creativity is very therapeutic pursuit.
Creativity is very tied to low level stress chemical production.
Creativity is viewed to have universal meaning that extends beyond time and self.
Creativity is vital for keeping training exciting, fun, effective and applicable to the business.
Creativity is welcome.
Creativity is welcomed.
Creativity is what counts.
Creativity is what defines human beings.
Creativity is what happens in between thoughts.
Creativity is what invents a new, useful insurance product.
Creativity is what is outside the norm.
Creativity is what makes life worth living.
Creativity is what they do.
Creativity is within everyone.
Creativity is work.
Creativity is worth ten points.
Creativity is written in the details.
Creativity is, after all, recognition.
Creativity is, after all, the core of our engineering enterprise.
Creativity is, in fact, a subversive act.
Creativity is, perhaps, a trait.
Creativity isa cognition.
Creativity isa knowledge.
Creativity just happens.
Creativity knows no bounds.
Creativity knows no frontiers, no gender and no age.
Creativity knows no minimum age requirement.
Creativity knows no rule.
Creativity leads to invention.
Creativity leads to reform and growth.
Creativity lends itself to satisfaction in all areas from baking a cake to repairing a car.
Creativity makes it jump off the screen.
Creativity makes use of our creative energies to build and maintain a strong and vibrant community.
Creativity maks learning more interesting.
Creativity manifests itself in a number of different ways.
Creativity marks the expression even after the fundamental scheme has been devised.
Creativity maximizes our ability in ministering to children.
Creativity means allowing failure to breed success.
Creativity means complexity.
Creativity means creative ability by which man develops various creative activities.
Creativity means freedom, it means risk, it means reflection.
Creativity means making sure our restaurants and lounges meet the needs of our potential customer.
Creativity means to push open the heavy, groaning doorway to life.
Creativity meets developmental needs and is an essential part of the human experience.
Creativity needs a peaceful head.
Creativity needs flexibility.
Creativity needs freedom.
Creativity needs in becoming a father.
Creativity needs joy and play and laughter to thrive.
Creativity needs room to experiment.
Creativity needs stimulus to accomplish.
Creativity needs to be encouraged.
Creativity needs to be managed, through inspiration, encouragement and reward.
Creativity needs to be nurtured by organisations for their survival in a competitive environment.
Creativity needs to be practiced and demonstrated.
Creativity now happens on every level.
Creativity obviously plays a part in the development of potential alternatives.
Creativity occurs in the moment and that moment is timeless.
Creativity occurs when people think differently.
Creativity offers a good outlet for spiritual energy.
Creativity offers hope for the future.
Creativity pays off here.
Creativity plays a decisive role in science.
Creativity plays a huge role in getting a candidate to come on board.
Creativity plays a part here as well.
Creativity plays an important role in producing an alluring environment.
Creativity presupposes thorough knowledge of cataloging rules and standards.
Creativity produces the structures that are the experience of time.
Creativity promotes efficient and reliable problem solving.
Creativity promotes innovation, problem solving, and thinking outside the box.
Creativity provides human expression that can aid the progress and welfare of mankind.
Creativity provides human expressions that can aid the progress and welfare of mankind.
Creativity provides the value that is the whole purpose of any business.
Creativity pushes people past their comfort zone.
Creativity really plays a part in advertising to keep cost down.
Creativity redraws the boundary of the cutting edge.
Creativity remains untapped unless it is nurtured throughout a child's learning experience.
Creativity requires a balance among synthetic, analytic, and practical abilities.
Creativity requires a high tolerance for ambiguity.
Creativity requires a nurturing, expressive climate.
Creativity requires an open mind and the ability to reconsider.
Creativity requires being awake and alive.
Creativity requires both.
Creativity requires change.
Creativity requires collaboration among people who see the world differently.
Creativity requires faith.
Creativity requires going beyond accepted knowledge to generate new knowledge.
Creativity requires going beyond what is known.
Creativity requires motivation to look for the different answer or the unanswered questions.
Creativity requires persistence.
Creativity requires resources.
Creativity requires risks.
Creativity requires spare time.
Creativity requires spontaneity and a great memory.
Creativity requires the courage to let go of certainties.
Creativity requires the tension provided by heterogeneity.
Creativity rules our group.
Creativity rules the day with our arts oriented camps.
Creativity runs higher and the general 'energy' household of a person is heightened.
Creativity seems somehow to be an opposite of control, art the opposite of technology.
Creativity seems to be endless, and it is a pleasure to behold.
Creativity shines through in technology associations activities.
Creativity solves problems.
Creativity speaks for itself.
Creativity stands out.
Creativity still breaks through.
Creativity stimulates the creators and entertains everybody else.
Creativity suffers when the mind is imprisoned.
Creativity takes certain habits of mind.
Creativity takes courage.
Creativity takes on many forms.
Creativity takes over here because everyone's idea of what a dead chicken looks like is different.
Creativity takes over.
Creativity takes practice.
Creativity takes the place of commercial realities in college radio programming decisions.
Creativity takes the right atmosphere.
Creativity takes time and silent space.
Creativity takes time, patience, perserverance and practice.
Creativity takes time.
Creativity Think about what creativity is for a moment.
Creativity thinks new things.
Creativity ultimately inspires the researcher.
Creativity unfolds the insight through inspiration.
Creativity unlocks a whole new world in a child's life.
Creativity unlocks the mind and makes the spirit soar.
Creativity Use the planning process for open discussion and brainstorming of solutions.
Creativity varies from person to person.
Creativity varies inversely with the number of cooks involved in the broth.
Creativity wears many faces - it can be in creating a bowl, a novel or a child.
Creativity when thinking about how to use a CD ROM is important.
Creativity works in many ways.
Creativity works in mysterious ways.
Creativity always comes eventually to the practical.
Creativity always helps to makes a paper stronger while also drawing the reader in.
Creativity often boils down to the ability to adapt solutions from one domain to another.
Creativity often consists of merely turning up what is already there.
Creativity often happens away from the office.
Creativity often has little to do with movie-making except when writing promotional copy.
Creativity often involves making new connections between things that seem unconnected at the time.
Creativity sometimes needs to spring from roots in human society.
All creativity begins with a plan or an idea.
All creativity comes from a power much greater than humankind.
All creativity comes from within and begins as a personal emotion.
All creativity comes from within each individual as to what their heart speaks.
All creativity comes in the interpretation of a text.
All creativity involves risk, and the risk-free life is no life at all.
All creativity is accompanied by some loss.
All creativity is dead.
All creativity is messy, some is fun.
All creativity starts with an idea.
Any creativity left in the city is completely under siege.
More creativity is needed.
Some creativity is evident.
Some creativity is in order.
Some creativity is needed as benefit plans are enhanced.
Some creativity is needed.
Some creativity is required.
Some creativity is shown in a project of fair to good design.
Some creativity is stimulated in the program such as in the pattern windows activity.
A creator is a person
Creator can also ban players or add computer players.
Creator can usually be the trustee and control the trust investments.
Creator create that perfect domain name, then register it using our instant registration system.
Creator is a four-character code.
Creator is a great way to get started in programming.
Creator is a whole suite of different programs all in one, making designing a screen saver easy.
Creator is an environment for creating interactive simulations.
Creator is attached to the tie.
Creator is the application a publisher uses while preparing articles or other material.
Creator is the culmination of that work.
Creator licenses others to use, copy, and alter.
Creator notes that site has errors in tabulating scores, but it's still a hit with students.
Creator now features an almost automatic update feature.
Creator requests that signature be keep the on the artwork.
Creator requires a post script printer.
Creator respects all cultures the same without prejudice for one over another.
Creator rules the morning.
Creator uses defaults in many situations to make the process of creating rules easier.
Creator uses vintage hat blocks and does all work by hand.
Creators aim to develop clinical systems that are flexible and interoperable.
Creators also have access to workshops and rehearsal rooms for their practical experimental works.
Creators are concerned about modification of their images.
Creators are constantly spat upon by the corporate and left hung out to dry.
Creators are people.
Creators are uniformly out Of reach, once they've accomplished it.
Creators can also innovate in print.
Creators can immediately move along animating human characters.
Creators can include writers, companies, artists and photographers.
Creators can incorporate sound and mold complex animations in very small file sizes.
Creators can more easily compare the original source with the transcribed copy.
Creators can set parameters for price levels, escalation strategy, and search time.
Creators care nothing for their systems except that they be unique.
Creators Create graphics online.
Creators envision the center as a place of learning for every educational level.
Creators feel vanity towards their creations.
Creators flock to it in order to fling their missives of emotion and thought to one another.
Creators have a duty to honor each other.
Creators have a healthier outlook.
Creators have the ultimate control.
Creators learn skills and technique, but they go beyond it.
Creators like to come up with new ideas or invent new ways of looking at old ideas.
Creators maintain all ownership of their work.
Creators provide the framework, users provide the content.
Creators say they'll also offer a fix.
Creators serve as a vehicle through which information transfers from the infinite to humankind.
Creators spend most of their time reflecting by themselves or with a few other people.
Creators too can burst their talent with the latest artistic software packages.
Creators travels uncharted paths into a unique destiny, pursuing uncontrollable possibilities.
Creators understand the importance of struggle and competition in life.
All creators have their own view of the objects and their own style.
All creators retain the rights to their individual projects.
Every creator has a chance.
Some creators send out simultaneous, multiple submissions to other syndicates.
Creature comfort includes a rear-seat table.
Creature comfort is television shows.
Creature comforts abound in every area from down-comforters to mint candies.
Creature comforts abound, which also is a departure from the past.
Creature comforts abound.
Creature comforts are also important.
Creature comforts are important too.
Creature comforts are more pronounced.
Creature comforts are optional extras.
A creature is an organism
Creature comforts abound and our clients feel right at home the minute they walk in the door.
Creature comforts Creature comforts Love for animals seems to run deep in western culture.
Creature comforts Now for some nuts and bolts, or rather, bricks and mortar.
Creature decay aboard the gymnastics championships.
Creature decks that recycle cards from their graveyards can also give it a hard time.
Creature Features Once upon a time, movies about critters meant movies about monsters.
Creature fights in towns look like one of the better Japanese monster movies.
Creature finds the United States Three exploring the darker side of pop. . .
Creature is a card type .
Creature is lured into a nosecone of a rocket and sent to Mars.
Creature is strangled with chain by slavebabe in bikini.
Creature isa organism.
Creature likes to hide under rugs.
Creature shoot History outside toe beyond some feminist zines next regard against whatever address.
Creature sportsbook directory.
Creature sprouts extra eye at each temple and two in back of head.
Creature warn Sight beyond resistance along the reebok baseballs while fed about an gate.
Creature works because it's fun.
Creatures acquire heads.
Creatures actually walk right OUT from the bottom of the TV screen and into the action.
Creatures adapt for life.
Creatures adapt lifestyle.
Creatures adapt to dead zones.
Creatures adapt to environments.
Creatures adapt to life.
Creatures adapt to natural environments.
Creatures adapt to zones.
Creatures also have divine properties.
Creatures are animals.
Creatures are being.
Creatures are companies.
Creatures are easy to deal with nowadays.
Creatures are essential to any well-formed army.
Creatures are finite.
Creatures are located in dessert.
Creatures are located in fairy tales.
Creatures are located in forests.
Creatures are located in movies.
Creatures are located in oceans.
Creatures are located in sea.
Creatures are located in wood.
Creatures are located in worlds.
Creatures are located in zoos.
Creatures are more like the real thing.
Creatures are people.
Creatures are slaves.
Creatures are unaffected by summoning sickness.
Creatures are used for companionship.
Creatures are, of course, easier to do than people.
Creatures attack a couple.
Creatures become gods.
Creatures become quickly more complex, within the limits of the system.
Creatures behave differently in their natural environment than they do in a fish tank.
Creatures belong to either of two classes.
Creatures belong to families.
Creatures belong to phyla.
Creatures bring joy to the careful observer.
Creatures camouflage themselves almost to invisibility.
Creatures can also interact with the environment, notably by eating plants or cutting down trees.
Creatures can attack and block.
Creatures can do damage.
Creatures can do much damage.
Creatures can hide in ambush or gain advantage from using high ground.
Creatures can only learn one or the other in a pair of opposite magic skills.
Creatures can perform miracles to make converts.
Creatures can regenerate from the Basilisk's power.
Creatures can still penetrate the shorelines, and then onto land.
Creatures can use the run action while flying, provided they fly in a straight line.
Creatures can use the run action while swimming, provided they swim in a straight line.
Creatures capture prey.
Creatures carry diseases.
Creatures carry serious diseases.
Creatures Click on image for larger size picture.
Creatures come down out of the sky.
Creatures come into being and begin their long journey to ever-increasing consciousness.
Creatures come into contact.
Creatures consume food.
Creatures consume insects.
Creatures consume matter.
Creatures consume milk products.
Creatures consume organisms.
Creatures consume products.
Creatures crowd the shale's surface, too.
Creatures destroy certain plants.
Creatures destroy plants.
Creatures develop different techniques.
Creatures develop mechanisms.
Creatures develop repair mechanisms.
Creatures develop techniques.
Creatures die immediately if enchantment is removed.
Creatures differ because they have different likes and dislikes.
Creatures display behavior.
Creatures do good jobs.
Creatures do jobs.
Creatures eat creatures.
Creatures eat food.
Creatures eat meals.
Creatures eat plants.
Creatures embodying all the vilest dregs of the past can rise to power when a revolution subsides.
Creatures emerge at nights.
Creatures emit gases.
Creatures even shows how baby crocodiles are tagged and protected and tons of other fun facts.
Creatures ever emerge through the union of conditions.
Creatures excrete waste.
Creatures exist on a different time scale than do villagers, so the creatures age much more slowly.
Creatures face common problems.
Creatures face problems.
Creatures feed on fruit.
Creatures feed on insects.
Creatures feed on leaves.
Creatures feed on microorganisms.
Creatures feed on small insects.
Creatures fill niches in the ecosystem.
Creatures float in amber colored water.
Creatures follow patterns.
Creatures forage for food.
Creatures get energy.
Creatures get heads.
Creatures get specialized, evolving over millennia to fit prevailing conditions.
Creatures get tired.
Creatures grow into adults.
Creatures harbor microbes.
Creatures have (part) brains.
Creatures have (part) cell membranes.
Creatures have (part) cells.
Creatures have (part) corpi.
Creatures have (part) cytoplasm.
Creatures have (part) ears.
Creatures have (part) faces.
Creatures have (part) heads.
Creatures have (part) nuclei.
Creatures have (part) plasma membranes.
Creatures have (part) sections.
Creatures have (part) skulls.
Creatures have (part) vacuoles.
Creatures have ability.
Creatures have air.
Creatures have amino acid structures.
Creatures have ancestors.
Creatures have appearances.
Creatures have appendages.
Creatures have blood.
Creatures have characteristics.
Creatures have claws.
Creatures have coats.
Creatures have color.
Creatures have defense.
Creatures have differences.
Creatures have emotion.
Creatures have eyes.
Creatures have eyesights.
Creatures have feet.
Creatures have fierce claws.
Creatures have front legs.
Creatures have good eyesights.
Creatures have habits.
Creatures have heads.
Creatures have hind legs.
Creatures have inexhaustible voices.
Creatures have legs.
Creatures have lifespans.
Creatures have limits.
Creatures have long legs.
Creatures have lungs.
Creatures have magical power.
Creatures have mechanisms.
Creatures have methods.
Creatures have motion.
Creatures have mouths.
Creatures have own motion.
Creatures have poor sight.
Creatures have power.
Creatures have predators.
Creatures have prehensile tails.
Creatures have problems.
Creatures have proper motion.
Creatures have red eyes.
Creatures have relatives.
Creatures have roles.
Creatures have shaggy coats.
Creatures have shaggy winter coats.
Creatures have sides.
Creatures have sight.
Creatures have similar structures.
Creatures have simple structures.
Creatures have skulls.
Creatures have slender tubes.
Creatures have special abilities for a reason, to balance out the units that appear too weak.
Creatures have strong hind legs.
Creatures have strong legs.
Creatures have structures.
Creatures have stumpy legs.
Creatures have survival.
Creatures have tails.
Creatures have tendencies.
Creatures have time.
Creatures have tubes.
Creatures have typical appearances.
Creatures have voices.
Creatures have weakness.
Creatures have winter coats.
Creatures hide from predators.
Creatures include snails.
Creatures increase in level at equal rates.
Creatures ingest food.
Creatures inhabit habitats.
Creatures is an artificial animal of a different color.
Creatures is available at all major computer software resellers in the United States and Canada.
Creatures is inventive, ambitious and fun, and that's surely enough to make it the next big thing.
Creatures is more like a mad science experiment than a cute plaything.
Creatures is startlingly different.
Creatures is such a game.
Creatures is synonymous with the PC gaming genre, and has found millions of fans all over the world.
Creatures kill people.
Creatures known as extremophiles exist on Earth, preferring extreme habitats.
Creatures known to eat roly poly bugs include spiders, centipedes, ants, birds, toads and frogs.
Creatures launch themselves from icy depths or pour in from secret doors.
Creatures live in areas.
Creatures live in communities.
Creatures live in habitats.
Creatures live in packs.
Creatures live in regions.
Creatures live in tropical areas.
Creatures live on diets.
Creatures live on earth.
Creatures look for food.
Creatures make holes.
Creatures make much noise.
Creatures make noise.
Creatures mate for life.
Creatures meet sickening, graphic and bloody ends, complete with death screams.
Creatures move around on the heights like wood bugs.
Creatures move fastest to slowest in the first phase.
Creatures need care.
Creatures need meals.
Creatures occupy overlap home ranges.
Creatures occupy overlap ranges.
Creatures occupy positions.
Creatures occupy ranges.
Creatures occupy unique positions.
Creatures part human and part horse.
Creatures perform tasks.
Creatures possess backbones.
Creatures possess cheek teeth.
Creatures possess eyes.
Creatures possess features.
Creatures possess hearts.
Creatures possess innate intelligence.
Creatures possess intelligence.
Creatures possess mouths.
Creatures possess physical strength.
Creatures possess senses.
Creatures possess skulls.
Creatures possess strength.
Creatures possess teeth.
Creatures prance wickedly over the fallen barricade.
Creatures prey on animals.
Creatures produce as many offspring as possible, and external forces kill the inferior surplus.
Creatures produce dry urine.
Creatures produce more offspring than can possibly survive.
Creatures produce offspring.
Creatures produce urine.
Creatures range from vicious war dogs to ground-shaking elephants to mighty dragons.
Creatures reach maturity.
Creatures reach sexual maturity.
Creatures rely on environments.
Creatures rely on mothers.
Creatures rely on presence.
Creatures represents an amazingly complex artificial intelligence programming.
Creatures reside in burrows.
Creatures return to play simultaneously.
Creatures roam earth.
Creatures roam parks.
Creatures roll into balls.
Creatures roll into tiny balls.
Creatures search for food.
Creatures seek companions.
Creatures seek environments.
Creatures seek shelter.
Creatures seen usually include the Lacy Scorpionfish.
Creatures share characteristics.
Creatures share similarity.
Creatures show differences.
Creatures show general resemblance.
Creatures show how much mana they are generating from prayer.
Creatures show resemblance.
Creatures sink teeth.
Creatures stalk predator prey.
Creatures stalk prey.
Creatures struggle to stay alive at the expense of other creatures.
Creatures suffer pain.
Creatures suffer significant pain.
Creatures survive attacks.
Creatures survive events.
Creatures survive in habitats.
Creatures survive winter.
Creatures sustain injuries.
Creatures take advantage.
Creatures tend to be amiable cartoon critters.
Creatures thrive in climates.
Creatures thrive in warm climates.
Creatures thrive in warm wet climates.
Creatures thrive in wet climates.
Creatures -Travel the world and guess the creatures.
Creatures use forces.
Creatures use reproduction.
Creatures use sexual reproduction.
Creatures wake to feed.
Creatures walk on feet.
All creatures are absolutely nothing.
All creatures are dependent on other living things for survival.
All creatures are here for a reason.
All creatures are like clay. . .
All creatures are subject to the passage of time.
All creatures are thus safe from aggression.
All creatures bleed the same blood, be they man or be they beast.
All creatures can advance by character class.
All creatures contribute to the health and balance of our wildlife sancutary neighborhood.
All creatures depend on the providential care of their heavenly father for each breath.
All creatures deserve our love and respect and help.
All creatures develop over time to fill an evolutionary niche.
All creatures do it, constantly, necessarily, in order to survive and thrive.
All creatures drink of joy At nature's breast.
All creatures exist in a relation of superioriy to subordination to all creatures above and below.
All creatures express their wants in different ways.
All creatures follow their nature.
All creatures gain the plainswalk ability.
All creatures have a drive to reproduce.
All creatures have a parent of some kind.
All creatures have an equal right to self-fulfillment.
All creatures have it.
All creatures have some inherited genetic messages or instinct.
All creatures have such an original purpose.
All creatures have the instinct of copulation.
All creatures have to die.
All creatures have value, and, in the case of the house sparrow, it is kestrel food.
All creatures have.
All creatures learn from experience, including animals and small children.
All creatures living off that infrastructure have to adjust to the changes or risk extinction.
All creatures look more or less dead.
All creatures lose trample until end of turn.
All creatures make conscious or subconscious decisions about what they do through the day.
All creatures move with the motive of love.
All creatures own their respective action.
All creatures partake of.
All creatures procreate via sexual reproduction.
All creatures respond to their environment and ecosystems for survival success.
All creatures rest upon righteousness.
All creatures seem to be ceaselessly borne along the infinite current of time.
All creatures share one intelligent spirit.
All creatures together extol compassion with voices peculiar to each.
All creatures use nature in some way, shape, or form.
Any creatures born with a new, helpful trait are the most likely to live long enough to reproduce.
Any creatures raised from the dead become undead creatures, able to attack other undeads.
Every creature does so, except for one giantess, who refuses to shed a tear for Baldr.
Every creature has a definite and defined nature.
Every creature has a function, and contributes to keeping the little ecosystem somewhat sustainable.
Every creature has a natural breeding instinct, and so does the giant panda.
Every creature is a different collection.
Every creature is important.
Every creature is in some way hacking a living by reinterpreting the rules.
Every creature is unique, gifted and living in relationship.
Every creature killed by a ghost becomes a ghost.
Every creature lives in essential unity with itself except people.
Every creature misses someone special, whom they've left behind.
Every creature needs space.
Every creature prays.
Every creature shares a bit of the divine beauty.
Every creature sleeps.
Every creature takes off in a frantic blur.
Many creatures already have in their bodies cooling systems that function like air conditioners.
Many creatures are active only at night or right after the sun has set.
Many creatures are carnivorous.
Many creatures are extinct because they have become something else.
Many creatures are no longer fruitful and nor do they multiply as they once did.
Many creatures are weak against some spells but strong against others.
Many creatures belong to more than one food chain.
Many creatures call to attract a mate.
Many creatures can be harmful to pumpkins while they are growing.
Many creatures can be invisible to the untrained eye.
Many creatures change during their life.
Many creatures evolve because of their own survival.
Many creatures have a courtship ritual that acts as a cue for mating.
Many creatures have poisionous spines and stinging abilities, even if they are dead.
Many creatures have poor accommodation or none.
Many creatures have very limited tolerance for temperature variations.
Many creatures help holly bushes cross-pollinate.
Many creatures hitch a ride on foreign vessels, then decide to stay in Tokyo Bay.
Many creatures make their home in old growth forests.
Many creatures relish scorpions especially birds, bats and small mammals.
Many creatures resort to courtship feeding to attract a mate.
Many creatures survive only by their cryptic coloration and obscure haunts.
More creatures blink into existence and spread throughout the starship.
More creatures enter and join the dance.
Most creatures acquire heads.
Most creatures adapt for life.
Most creatures adapt to dead zones.
Most creatures adapt to environments.
Most creatures adapt to life.
Most creatures adapt to natural environments.
Most creatures adapt to zones.
Most creatures are aggressive around here.
Most creatures belong to families.
Most creatures belong to phyla.
Most creatures can do damage.
Most creatures can do much damage.
Most creatures capture prey.
Most creatures carry diseases.
Most creatures carry serious diseases.
Most creatures come into contact.
Most creatures completely disappear after they have died.
Most creatures consume food.
Most creatures consume insects.
Most creatures consume milk products.
Most creatures consume organisms.
Most creatures destroy certain plants.
Most creatures destroy plants.
Most creatures develop different techniques.
Most creatures develop mechanisms.
Most creatures develop repair mechanisms.
Most creatures develop techniques.
Most creatures die violently in early life.
Most creatures do good jobs.
Most creatures do jobs.
Most creatures do.
Most creatures eat creatures.
Most creatures eat food.
Most creatures eat meals.
Most creatures eat plants.
Most creatures emerge at nights.
Most creatures emit gases.
Most creatures excrete waste.
Most creatures face common problems.
Most creatures face problems.
Most creatures feed on fruit.
Most creatures feed on insects.
Most creatures feed on leaves.
Most creatures feed on microorganisms.
Most creatures feed on small insects.
Most creatures follow patterns.
Most creatures get energy.
Most creatures get heads.
Most creatures grow into adults.
Most creatures harbor microbes.
Most creatures have ability.
Most creatures have air.
Most creatures have amino acid structures.
Most creatures have ancestors.
Most creatures have appearances.
Most creatures have appendages.
Most creatures have blood.
Most creatures have characteristics.
Most creatures have claws.
Most creatures have coats.
Most creatures have color.
Most creatures have defense.
Most creatures have differences.
Most creatures have emotion.
Most creatures have eyes.
Most creatures have eyesights.
Most creatures have feet.
Most creatures have fierce claws.
Most creatures have front legs.
Most creatures have good eyesights.
Most creatures have habits.
Most creatures have heads.
Most creatures have hind legs.
Most creatures have inexhaustible voices.
Most creatures have legs.
Most creatures have lifespans.
Most creatures have long legs.
Most creatures have lungs.
Most creatures have magical power.
Most creatures have mechanisms.
Most creatures have methods.
Most creatures have motion.
Most creatures have mouths.
Most creatures have poor sight.
Most creatures have power.
Most creatures have predators.
Most creatures have prehensile tails.
Most creatures have problems.
Most creatures have proper motion.
Most creatures have red eyes.
Most creatures have relatives.
Most creatures have roles.
Most creatures have shaggy coats.
Most creatures have shaggy winter coats.
Most creatures have sides.
Most creatures have sight.
Most creatures have similar structures.
Most creatures have simple structures.
Most creatures have skulls.
Most creatures have slender tubes.
Most creatures have strong hind legs.
Most creatures have strong legs.
Most creatures have structures.
Most creatures have stumpy legs.
Most creatures have survival.
Most creatures have tails.
Most creatures have tendencies.
Most creatures have time.
Most creatures have to depend on food floating down from above.
Most creatures have tubes.
Most creatures have typical appearances.
Most creatures have voices.
Most creatures have weakness.
Most creatures have winter coats.
Most creatures here are highly magic resistant.
Most creatures hide from predators.
Most creatures inhabit habitats.
Most creatures kill people.
Most creatures live in areas.
Most creatures live in communities.
Most creatures live in habitats.
Most creatures live in packs.
Most creatures live in regions.
Most creatures live in tropical areas.
Most creatures live on diets.
Most creatures live on earth.
Most creatures look for food.
Most creatures make holes.
Most creatures make much noise.
Most creatures make noise.
Most creatures mate for life.
Most creatures move at the same speed, however a few move somewhat slower.
Most creatures occupy overlap home ranges.
Most creatures occupy overlap ranges.
Most creatures occupy positions.
Most creatures occupy ranges.
Most creatures occupy unique positions.
Most creatures perform tasks.
Most creatures possess backbones.
Most creatures possess cheek teeth.
Most creatures possess eyes.
Most creatures possess features.
Most creatures possess hearts.
Most creatures possess innate intelligence.
Most creatures possess intelligence.
Most creatures possess mouths.
Most creatures possess physical strength.
Most creatures possess senses.
Most creatures possess skulls.
Most creatures possess strength.
Most creatures possess teeth.
Most creatures prey on animals.
Most creatures produce dry urine.
Most creatures produce offspring.
Most creatures produce urine.
Most creatures reach maturity.
Most creatures reach sexual maturity.
Most creatures rely on environments.
Most creatures rely on mothers.
Most creatures rely on presence.
Most creatures reside in burrows.
Most creatures roll into balls.
Most creatures roll into tiny balls.
Most creatures seek companions.
Most creatures seek environments.
Most creatures seek shelter.
Most creatures share similarity.
Most creatures show differences.
Most creatures show general resemblance.
Most creatures show resemblance.
Most creatures sink teeth.
Most creatures stalk prey.
Most creatures suffer pain.
Most creatures suffer significant pain.
Most creatures survive attacks.
Most creatures survive events.
Most creatures survive in habitats.
Most creatures survive winter.
Most creatures take advantage.
Most creatures thrive in climates.
Most creatures thrive in warm climates.
Most creatures thrive in warm wet climates.
Most creatures thrive in wet climates.
Most creatures use forces.
Most creatures use reproduction.
Most creatures use sexual reproduction.
Most creatures walk on feet.
Some creatures adapt to deserts.
Some creatures appear in films.
Some creatures appear in lion king films.
Some creatures are almost like trees.
Some creatures are amicable, and can be quite intelligent.
Some creatures are best at night, and the outcry of the dying and terrified is always on the wind.
Some creatures are extremely selective, others eat a wider variety.
Some creatures are good at melee, some at ranged combat, some can fly.
Some creatures are more harmful than they look.
Some creatures are so popular with humans, they can even get their own special trucks.
Some creatures attract predators.
Some creatures become pets.
Some creatures become predators.
Some creatures become victims.
Some creatures belong to gods.
Some creatures burrow into holes or find shelter deep inside caves to wait out the colder months.
Some creatures can carry more and some less at the same size.
Some creatures can live for an astonishly long time on very small quantities of food.
Some creatures can make it through cold winters by hibernating.
Some creatures carry pots which they drop when they die.
Some creatures cause messes.
Some creatures change color.
Some creatures come out at nights.
Some creatures crawl over the bottom or burrow beneath it.
Some creatures create nuisances.
Some creatures create poisonous waste products.
Some creatures create products.
Some creatures create waste products.
Some creatures destroy crops.
Some creatures destroy farm crops.
Some creatures destroy lawns.
Some creatures develop into pupas.
Some creatures die from starvation.
Some creatures eat chameleons.
Some creatures eat grass.
Some creatures eat leaves.
Some creatures eat mammals.
Some creatures eat meat.
Some creatures eat phytoplankton.
Some creatures eat small mammals.
Some creatures emerge from shadows.
Some creatures establish dominance.
Some creatures even have bizarre uses for minerals .
Some creatures evolve from ancestors.
Some creatures evolve from common ancestors.
Some creatures evolve from hypothetical ancestors.
Some creatures evolve from same ancestors.
Some creatures evolve from same common ancestors.
Some creatures fall from the shuttlecraft as it lifts off from the ground.
Some creatures feed on ants.
Some creatures feed on birds.
Some creatures feed on shellfishes.
Some creatures find in ponds.
Some creatures go through radiation.
Some creatures hang from tails.
Some creatures have antlers.
Some creatures have big impact.
Some creatures have broad ranges.
Some creatures have cones.
Some creatures have different rules.
Some creatures have eyes that suit their situation.
Some creatures have fronts.
Some creatures have gills.
Some creatures have impact.
Some creatures have ink sacs.
Some creatures have mandibles.
Some creatures have more sophisticated mechanisms for reducing body temperature.
Some creatures have no choices.
Some creatures have options.
Some creatures have other modes of movement.
Some creatures have outer shells.
Some creatures have partners.
Some creatures have protective shells.
Some creatures have ranges.
Some creatures have reproductive strategies.
Some creatures have reputations.
Some creatures have rules.
Some creatures have sacs.
Some creatures have senses.
Some creatures have sex partners.
Some creatures have shells.
Some creatures have spheres.
Some creatures have spines.
Some creatures have strategies.
Some creatures have tough outer shells.
Some creatures have tough shells.
Some creatures have tricks.
Some creatures have trouble.
Some creatures have what it takes to survive long dry spells.
Some creatures have wings.
Some creatures have wrinkles.
Some creatures hibernate for winter.
Some creatures hide in crevices.
Some creatures just come for the water.
Some creatures kill snakes.
Some creatures lack ability.
Some creatures lack teeth.
Some creatures leap into air.
Some creatures live a hidden life, deep in the waters, woods, or snow.
Some creatures live for over years.
Some creatures live in bottoms.
Some creatures live in burrows.
Some creatures live in churches.
Some creatures live in colonies.
Some creatures live in deserts.
Some creatures live in homes.
Some creatures live in isolation.
Some creatures live in lakes.
Some creatures live in ocean water.
Some creatures live in oceans.
Some creatures live in particular places.
Some creatures live in places.
Some creatures live in pools.
Some creatures live in rainforests.
Some creatures live in rock pools.
Some creatures live in sand.
Some creatures live in sea.
Some creatures live in sediments.
Some creatures live in shallow water.
Some creatures live in the slough area only in the summer and spring.
Some creatures live in trees, while others dig burrows in the soil.
Some creatures live in vernal pools.
Some creatures live in water.
Some creatures live near ponds.
Some creatures live near the surface, some live in midwater, and some live at great depths.
Some creatures live on ants.
Some creatures live on beds.
Some creatures live on deep ocean beds.
Some creatures live on floors.
Some creatures live on ocean floors.
Some creatures look like antelopes.
Some creatures look like cannons.
Some creatures look like dinosaurs.
Some creatures look like lizards.
Some creatures look like monkeys.
Some creatures lose limbs.
Some creatures lose weight.
Some creatures make homes.
Some creatures now use the Casino when idle.
Some creatures pose danger.
Some creatures pose particular danger.
Some creatures possess appendages.
Some creatures possess flagella.
Some creatures prefer rocky substrate.
Some creatures prefer substrate.
Some creatures rely on grassland.
Some creatures require certain tactics to kill, and there are multiple ways to do it.
Some creatures resemble animals.
Some creatures resemble rats.
Some creatures resemble scorpions.
Some creatures respond to food.
Some creatures roll up into balls.
Some creatures share habitats.
Some creatures shoot lasers out of scorpion-like tails.
Some creatures show cleavages.
Some creatures show spiral cleavages.
Some creatures slow down much more than others given the same size rock.
Some creatures swim in oceans.
Some creatures swim in water.
Some creatures swim to surfaces.
Some creatures take down prey.
Some creatures undergo evolutionary radiation.
Some creatures undergo major evolutionary radiation.
Some creatures undergo metamorphosis.
Some creatures undergo radiation.
Some creatures use bioluminescence as a flashlight to help see their surroundings.
Some creatures use power.
Some creatures work double shifts.
A creche is a hospital
Creches are available at most of our centres during the day.
Creches encourage communityparticipation through meetings, camps and street plays.
A credence is attitude
Credence holds the dominant position in the semiconductor manufacturing services industry.
Credence is accorded to the testimonies of prosecution witnesses who are law enforcers.
Credential candidate delivers a sample innovative lesson to the high school students.
Credential evaluators charge for their services.
Credential files are costly and time-consuming for both candidates and the college.
Credential Files Find out about our recommendation letter file services.
Credential material is sent to school districts upon request.
Credential page contains credential information associated with the provider.
Credential programs can be an attractive option for people switching careers as well.
Credential records are available to the public.
Credential renewal requires a full application fee.
Credential requirements are subject to change by state regulation.
Credential service is available to all students.
Credential students sit with faculty members, surrounded by their families and friends.
A credential is papers
Credentials are a criterion-but so is the ability to think creatively, and out of the box.
Credentials are a critical item for success in direct mail.
Credentials are a way of buying approval without science.
Credentials are all.
Credentials are also very important when viewing different web sites.
Credentials are available in book and magazine publishing.
Credentials are available only to members of the working press.
Credentials are essential in choosing a school data source.
Credentials are everything.
Credentials are important in the real world, in Zen as well as in academia.
Credentials Are Important.
Credentials are issued by SLED and contain approval signatures and a photograph.
Credentials are just the start.
Credentials are limited and are available on a first come first served basis.
Credentials are nice, but it s all about how one is perceived by others.
Credentials are non transferable.
Credentials are non-transferable.
Credentials are one thing, however, and music is another.
Credentials are preferred.
Credentials are to be used only by working media.
Credentials are valid for a five-year period.
Credentials Be sure to investigate the doctor's professional reputation.
Credentials bear no value whatsoever.
Credentials can also be useful in evaluating a web designer.
Credentials can be misleading.
Credentials can be personally delivered, however, appropriate notice is required.
Credentials can include private keys, trusted root keys, etc.
Credentials Complete an official international application .
Credentials Confirming a physician's background is the first place to start.
Credentials convey information.
Credentials describe a principal, and they give their holder the ability to act as that principal.
Credentials differ according to the type of classroom in which they authorize teaching.
Credentials expire at the end of the certification period.
Credentials generally require a degree, supervised experience, and a standard examination.
Credentials have their complexities.
Credentials mean nothing in the grandstand coke show.
Credentials mean power.
Credentials open employment doors.
Credentials supplied are incorrect.
All credentials are available for public inspection at our facility.
Credentialed professionals are also business people.
Credentialed teachers design the schedule of activities and supervise all child care staff.
Credentials management can now be the ultimate in high-tech, high touch services.
A credenza is a counter
Credenza features full height pedestals for added storage.
Credibility abroad begins at home.
Credibility becomes the real key in the courtroom.
Credibility begins as the page starts to load in their web browser.
Credibility breeds trust and people buy from businesses they trust.
Credibility can be decisive in deciding a party's success or failure.
Credibility can take decades to achieve and only moments to lose.
Credibility clearly involves telling the truth.
Credibility comes from authority, and authority is bestowed upon a speaker by the listener.
Credibility comes from being a good netizen and from providing useful information.
Credibility comes from being a member of the community.
Credibility comes from experience, profundity comes from theorization.
Credibility comes from the quality of writing and the quality of editing on the site.
Credibility comes with experience.
Credibility counts, so use objective language, rather than exaggerated, subjective claims.
Credibility creates the right contract.
Credibility declines rapidly.
Credibility demands that such walls remain firmly in place.
Credibility demands that the evidence obtained and findings revealed be published in full.
Credibility demands that there be procedures regarding compliance with the emissions targets.
Credibility depends on how accurately the subject is identified and described.
Credibility derives from a track record as one of the premier trial firms in the Southwest.
Credibility equates to knowledge, trust and questions answered in plain language.
Credibility evaporates rapidly among the young.
Credibility goes out the window and that commodity is in short supply right now.
Credibility goes to the believability of the testimony.
Credibility has to be earned.
Credibility implies that the speaker knows whether what is said is true or false.
Credibility includes perceptions of integrity, knowledge, charisma, competence, and experience.
Credibility increases as control decreases.
Credibility increases employment opportunities.
Credibility involves trustworthiness, believability, honesty.
Credibility is a big issue.
Credibility is a characteristic that has to be inferred by the recipient of the message.
Credibility is a fragile and delicate commodity and once damaged is very hard to repair.
Credibility is a key element of trust on both the ethical and the management sides.
Credibility is a key to effective warning communication.
Credibility is a major concern for Web users.
Credibility is a major concern, particularly among the best informed.
Credibility is a major issue on the Web.
Credibility is a major problem with many letters.
Credibility is a monumental concern as things stand now.
Credibility is a primary objective of every community process.
Credibility is a purr word, that oozes goodness.
Credibility is a resource more valuable than gold.
Credibility is a secure guarantee.
Credibility is a strategic asset of the highest order, and well worth fighting to maintain.
Credibility is a strategic asset.
Credibility is a terrible thing to waste.
Credibility is a thing here.
Credibility is about the quality and integrity of our news report.
Credibility is achieved through a robust modeling system with known accuracy.
Credibility is actually a driver of traffic.
Credibility is all in the classroom, as is being in control and loyalty to students.
Credibility is all.
Credibility is also an important issue here.
Credibility is also an important issue, especially for insurers.
Credibility is also in short supply.
Credibility is also related to keeping our word.
Credibility is also the book's hallmark.
Credibility is an added plus.
Credibility is an asset that pays high dividends.
Credibility is an important component of factfinding.
Credibility is an important factor foundations consider when reviewing grant applications.
Credibility is an important factor in managing a successful fantasy sports service.
Credibility is an important factor in selling a business.
Credibility is an important management trait for any welding shop.
Credibility is an important tool in the fight against drug abuse.
Credibility is another fear.
Credibility is at risk.
Credibility is at stake, although that seems increasingly moot in the TV news world.
Credibility is at stake.
Credibility is based on reputation.
Credibility is built from the first day of class and is continually judged throughout the term.
Credibility is built slowly.
Credibility is by no means the issue.
Credibility is critical.
Credibility is crucial in legal proceedings.
Credibility is crucial.
Credibility is determined by the audience's perception of how much the CHS professional knows.
Credibility is difficult to earn and easy to lose.
Credibility is driven by how people view what journalists do over time.
Credibility is earned by treating people with dignity and respect.
Credibility is earned through an open, honest process which produces relevant results.
Credibility is enhanced because corrections are published.
Credibility is enhanced if the authors or publishers appear to be professionals in their field.
Credibility is enhanced if the authors or publishers are professionals in their field.
Credibility is enhanced when quality is evident.
Credibility is equally important.
Credibility is especially important.
Credibility is essential for successful information operations.
Credibility is essential to a newspaper's reputation, and mistakes tarnish that credibility.
Credibility is established slow, how slowly.
Credibility is everything with social engineering.
Credibility is everything.
Credibility is for the sheep.
Credibility is for the trier of the facts.
Credibility is gained in several ways.
Credibility is gone.
Credibility is important on the Web where users connect to unknown servers at remote locations.
Credibility is important so that the different branches in the organization can trust each other.
Credibility is important to anyone who wishes to be heard, accepted, and respected.
Credibility is important to consider in certain technology domains.
Credibility is important, too.
Credibility is important.
Credibility is in the eye of the beholder.
Credibility is invaluable.
Credibility is key in reporting business news.
Credibility is key.
Credibility is maintained with an independent audit.
Credibility is misleading.
Credibility is more difficult to address.
Credibility is more important than click-throughs.
Credibility is more important than collateral damage.
Credibility is more important than exposure.
Credibility is more important.
Credibility is most important for the web users.
Credibility is one of the key essentials of outstanding leadership.
Credibility is one of the most important factors to consider when selecting an agent.
Credibility is our major asset.
Credibility is our most important asset.
Credibility is our Reputation.
Credibility is part of the issue.
Credibility is perceived .
Credibility is power plus competence, the known ability to get results.
Credibility is powerful.
Credibility is quality
Credibility is quality.
Credibility is reduced in combat.
Credibility is shaped by specific behaviors rather than a set of personality traits.
Credibility is so very important.
Credibility is something that is earned.
Credibility is still a big problem.
Credibility is stripped away and it takes a long time to get it back.
Credibility is such an important word.
Credibility is the basic foundation of effective leadership.
Credibility is the coin in which great powers conduct their affairs.
Credibility is the cornerstone of most online content venues.
Credibility is the currency of our programming.
Credibility is the elephant in the living room of the commercial Internet.
Credibility is the foundation of leadership.
Credibility is the foundation of our programs.
Credibility is the key to all perception.
Credibility is the key to winning consumers' minds, hearts and pocketbooks.
Credibility is the key.
Credibility is the most important aspect of any public relations effort.
Credibility is the most important factor in contacting the press.
Credibility is the most important impression to create during an interview.
Credibility is the most important thing to viewers and advertisers.
Credibility is the name of the game in reaching farmers.
Credibility is the quality most desired.
Credibility is the shortest cut to a boring life.
Credibility is the single most important issue involved.
Credibility is too vital in marketing to squander it with implausible numbers.
Credibility is unrelated to titles, qualifications or experience.
Credibility is usually accorded witnesses who testify with certainty.
Credibility is very critical for a small, startup company.
Credibility is very fragile.
Credibility is very hard to achieve.
Credibility is vital to any lottery success.
Credibility is vital to success.
Credibility is vital.
Credibility is what is MOST important.
Credibility is what they loose.
Credibility is, like beauty, in the eye of the beholder.
Credibility leads to sales.
Credibility Make sure the problem and the variables are credible and meaningful to learners.
Credibility means honesty, trustworthiness, believability or integrity.
Credibility means inspiring the customers' trust and confidence in our competence.
Credibility means possessing trustworthiness, believability and honesty.
Credibility normally takes time to establish.
Credibility now rests with nationally-known, recognizable titles.
Credibility refers more to the origins of the information.
Credibility refers to establishing the truth value or accuracy of the research findings.
Credibility remains a huge issue.
Credibility represents a third challenge.
Credibility shows why leadership is above all a relationship, with credibility as the cornerstone.
Credibility starts with an attitude.
Credibility suffers The process of project review has gone through a difficult period.
Credibility takes a long time to establish but only an instant to destroy.
Credibility takes time to build and trust requires conscientious effort to sustain.
Credibility takes time.
Credibility turns to dust.
Credibility wears thin.
Credibility often comes into question.
More credibility is given to minority complaints about mistreatment.
Credible challengers are scared off by the sheer weight of incumbency.
Credible coalitions play a key role in deterring aggression and controlling crises.
Credible comparisons require credible criteria.
Credible content can increase sales - an educated consumer is more likely to purchase.
Credible creativity brings aggressive caring evangelism.
Credible evaluations interlace quantitative and qualitative data from several sources.
Credible evidence indicates that children's absorption of lead is considerably greater than adults'.
Credible evidence is astoundingly scant.
Credible evidence is often difficult to find.
Credible evidence is that which excludes speculation and conjecture.
Credible evidence supports that factual finding.
Credible evidence supports the commission's findings.
Credible evidence supports the trial court's factual determinations.
Credible evidence supports the trial court's valuation of the parties' marital assets.
Credible evidence supports the trial judge's decision.
Credible material is harder to distinguish from legend, and dating is often very difficult.
Credible models have solvation preferences closer to native proteins than to misfolded ones.
Credible organisations find it easier to do so.
Credible pieces are mixed with hyperbolic columns and wildly exaggerated figures.
Credible preachers speak out in favor of what they believe is the truth.
Credible references can make all the difference in the final stages of the interview process.
Credible reports continue of slavery and slave trade in Sudan.
Some credible reports indicate that sporadic abuse, often aggravated by alcohol abuse, occurs.
Credible research indicates otherwise.
Credible science is available and used as a foundation for making decisions.
Credible scientists determine whether the research meets well-established standards.
Credible sources confirm that individual soldiers committed excesses.
Credit acceptance is determined by the chair of the appropriate department.
A credit account is consumer credit
Credit accounts are available upon approval for major projects.
All credit accounts are for prompt weekly settlement.
All credit accounts are subject to our management's approval.
Credit agencies rely on trade references supplied by the subject companies.
Many credit agencies claim to sell current information.
Some credit agencies use an attorney-based recovery system, which can be costly.
Credit analysis is required.
Credit analysis is the financial analysis used to determine the creditworthiness of an issuer.
A credit analyst is an analyst
Credit Analysts Join our growing credit department.
Credit balance is refundable upon termination of roaming service.
Credit balances created by loans or financial aid are refundable.
Credit balances remain on account for a maximum of five years.
Credit balances represent amounts that have been overbudgeted.
Credit balances result from having been closed out of a course or withdrawing from a course.
All credit balances are to be used against future purchases.
Any credit balance is returned to the student for other educational ex-penses.
Any credit balance remaining is returned to the source of payment.
Credit bureau interfaces.
Credit bureau yields to Net critics .
Credit bureaus are agencies.
Credit bureaus are companies that specialize in keeping credit histories on almost everyone.
Credit bureaus are highly efficient.
Credit bureaus are independent agencies that collect information on people who use credit.
Credit bureaus are like any other business.
Credit bureaus are organizations that gather and sell credit information on consumers.
Credit bureaus are private companies whose sole purpose is to keep track of all credit reports.
Credit bureaus are private institutions that sell credit information to other businesses.
Credit bureaus are repositories of credit information.
Credit bureaus are the principal private sector collectors of consumer information.
Credit bureaus collect and sell four basic types of information.
Credit bureaus develop their own statistical ranking systems.
Credit bureaus generate over a half-billion credit reports a year.
Credit bureaus get most of their data from creditors.
Credit bureaus investigate the claim quickly.
Credit bureaus provide a free credit check for people who have recently been denied credit.
Credit bureaus represent their clients and their clients are the creditors.
Credit bureaus use the number to maintain individual consumer credit histories.
Credit bureaus encourage consumers to repair bad credit.
Credit bureaus give consumers the opportunity to remove their names from the mailing lists.
Credit bureaus help both individuals and credit granters.
Credit bureaus maintain credit reports, which record a borrower's repayment history.
Credit bureaus maintain information on practically every American adult.
Credit bureaus report thousands of calls per day relating to identity theft.
Credit bureaus sell banks lists of consumers who meet certain pre-screened credit criteria.
A credit card is positive identification
Credit card advances through ATMs are possible, but limited.
Credit card calling card billing is better than pre-paid.
Credit card calls .
Credit card checking programs work to check card numbers by following a detailed series of actions.
Credit card holds room only.
Credit card holds room.
Credit card insures against loss.
Credit card is acceptable.
Credit card is best method.
Credit card is by far the most expeditious.
Credit card is charged at the time of shipment.
Credit card is charged at time of booking.
Credit card is charged in full at the time of booking.
Credit card is needed for the reservation.
Credit card is optional.
Credit card is preferred to cheque.
Credit card is refused - Low sperm count.
Credit card is refused.
Credit card is required as deposit or personal check if reservation is made far enough in advance.
Credit card is required at time of check-in for room tax and incidents.
Credit card is required for deposit.
Credit card is required for month to month billing.
Credit card is required for purchase.
Credit card is required for reserving rooms.
Credit card is required for same day overnight shipping.
Credit card is required for telephone registration.
Credit card is required for wheelchair rentals.
Credit card is required on all arrivals.
Credit card is required only to hold the reservation.
Credit card is required to hold a reservation.
Credit card is required to hold reservation.
Credit card is required when making a booking.
Credit card is required.
Credit card is the fastest and cheapest way to get in.
Credit card is the most common form of payment for goods over the web.
Credit card is the required method of payment.
Credit card offers arrive in people's mail boxes daily.
Credit card offers can be very enticing.
Credit card offers flow so freely they ve become junk mail.
Credit card offers lifetime relationship They swarmed toward the student union.
Credit card offers with phony promises of obtaining credit cards.
Credit card offers.
Credit card purchases only please, for telephone orders.
Credit card purchases only.
Credit card registrations only .
Credit card registrations only.
Credit card req'd.
Credit card roaming services are available in most areas when needed.
Credit card rows.
Credit card seems to be the most popular choice.
Credit Card Sign Up Sign up using a check .
Credit card statements over past twelve months.
Credit cards accepted - please visit the Custodian web site for further details.
Credit cards add no time.
Credit cards afford the consumer maximum protection, and convenience.
Credit cards allow consumers to buy now and pay later.
Credit cards allow payment to correspond with consumption.
Credit cards allow unlimited photocopying with the UCSD account receiving monthly billings.
Credit cards are a bit harder to use in Europe than in North America or New Zealand.
Credit cards are a convenience, but pay the bill immediately.
Credit cards are a convenient means of paying registration costs.
Credit cards are a fact of life for college students.
Credit cards are a financial trap.
Credit cards are a good way to keep records for budget and tax purposes.
Credit cards are a great financial tool.
Credit cards are a great way to establish credit.
Credit cards are a great way to travel.
Credit cards are a last resort.
Credit cards are a lot better than cash.
Credit cards are a modern form of indentured servitude.
Credit cards are a modern necessity but for some they become a serious problem .
Credit cards are a neccessity today.
Credit cards are a necessary evil.
Credit cards are a powerful financial tool and an undeniable convenience to the user.
Credit cards are a secure way of purchasing goods and services.
Credit cards are a topic of much confusion and frustration among shareware merchants.
Credit cards are a valid form of verification.
Credit cards are a videographers best friend.
Credit cards are acceptable but are processed the same day.
Credit cards are acceptable but subject to a handling fee.
Credit cards are acceptable by phone.
Credit cards are acceptable for making camp deposits.
Credit cards are acceptable for online applications only.
Credit cards are acceptable only at major hotels, restaurants and travel agencies.
Credit cards are acceptable.
Credit cards are accepted in the large resorts, their use is now widespread.
Credit cards are almost magically deceptive and alluring.
Credit cards are also a convenience in modern society.
Credit cards are also a convenient way of transferring funds.
Credit cards are also a very important financing source.
Credit cards are also acceptable.
Credit cards are also another acceptable method of payment.
Credit cards are also difficult to use.
Credit cards are also useful for purchases in port and for payment on board.
Credit cards are also very helpful for maintaining transaction records.
Credit cards are among the most expensive form of credit.
Credit cards are an easy source of cash, but typically charge high interest rates.
Credit cards are an easy, yet expensive way to finance business expenses.
Credit cards are an evil necessity of today s society.
Credit cards are an example of factoring without recourse.
Credit cards are an excellent alternative to carrying cash that can be lost or stolen.
Credit cards are an excellent debt instrument tool if used properly.
Credit cards are an important part of accept credit cards Internet commerce.
Credit cards are an important part of enabling Internet commerce.
Credit cards are an important payment option for many patients.
Credit cards are available for everyone.
Credit cards are available for our customers' use upon request.
Credit cards are available for people with no credit, poor credit, and students.
Credit cards are available to U.S. residents and all accounts are subject to credit approval.
Credit cards are basically mini-loans in plastic form.
Credit cards are best for purchases- at the moment of shipping, exact charges can be assessed.
Credit cards are better.
Credit cards are both a boon and a curse.
Credit cards are both a symbol and enabler of our modern consumerist economy.
Credit cards are by far the fastest and most convenient method of payment.
Credit cards are cards.
Credit cards are certainly popular.
Credit cards are cheaper, faster and easier.
Credit cards are common among university students in the United States.
Credit cards are consumer credit.
Credit cards are convenient - too convenient.
Credit cards are convenient and a way to establish a good credit rating.
Credit cards are convenient and easy to use and abuse.
Credit cards are convenient to use and fairly easy to get.
Credit cards are convenient, great to have around in a pinch and handier than a checkbook.
Credit cards are convenient, no doubt about it.
Credit cards are convenient, too convenient.
Credit cards are currently the most common.
Credit cards are currently the only game in town.
Credit cards are difficult to use.
Credit cards are due at the time of booking to hold the room.
Credit cards are easy to use and familiar and help users get what they want right away.
Credit cards are easy to use, they are easy to understand, and they are highly familiar to people.
Credit cards are especially convenient for handling overseas transactions.
Credit cards are especially important on the Internet.
Credit cards are exceped.
Credit cards are familiar.
Credit cards are fast and a big convenience for the consumer.
Credit cards are fast and convenient.
Credit cards are fastest method.
Credit cards are fine for incidentals like meals and souvenirs.
Credit cards are for advance sales only.
Credit cards are funny things.
Credit cards are generally quite secure and provide the best available exchange rate.
Credit cards are generally unsecured loans.
Credit cards are good for major purchases and emergencies.
Credit cards are good to have around in a pinch.
Credit cards are good to have, especially in case of an emergency.
Credit cards are great for emergencies.
Credit cards are here now, and are rapidly becoming the payment method of choice whenever possible.
Credit cards are highly profitable, but only if the customer stays around for a while.
Credit cards are highly recommended due to their low cost and accessibility.
Credit cards are ideal for smaller transactions.
Credit cards are instant.
Credit cards are instantaneous, and a lot of spending is done on an emotional basis.
Credit cards are just so easy to use.
Credit cards are loans in disguise.
Credit cards are loans with extremely high interest rates.
Credit cards are located in drawers.
Credit cards are located in envelopes.
Credit cards are located in purses.
Credit cards are located in wallets.
Credit cards are major pieces of identification.
Credit cards are money pits.
Credit cards are more convenient.
Credit cards are naturally the quickest payment method, being almost instantaneous.
Credit cards are near useless outside the capital and a few major cities.
Credit cards are necessary to secure a reservation only.
Credit cards are no longer available to the people.
Credit cards are now among the most common small-business financing tools.
Credit cards are now amongst the most convenient, secure and economical methods of making payments.
Credit cards are now five times more popular that stores cards.
Credit cards are now the preferred means of entrepreneurial finance.
Credit cards are obviously the most common method of payment.
Credit cards are of limited use in Madagascar.
Credit cards are of several types.
Credit cards are only acceptable in the major tourist hotels, restaurants and gift shops.
Credit cards are only good for purchases in some stores.
Credit cards are only useful in Western hotels, high-end restaurants and some Western shops.
Credit cards are out.
Credit cards are overpriced and somewhat unavailable.
Credit cards are popular here.
Credit cards are positive identification.
Credit cards are powerful tools in the hands of savvy consumers.
Credit cards are probably the easiest and quickest for foreign orders if possible.
Credit cards are probably the safest way of doing business.
Credit cards are rare but growing.
Credit cards are relatively unknown in Guyana.
Credit cards are rescindable.
Credit cards are scarce and electronic payment networks are undeveloped.
Credit cards are slightly more.
Credit cards are so convenient and take less time then writing checks.
Credit cards are so convenient to use that people forget they are paying finance charges.
Credit cards are somewhat like cars in that there are a million deals for the same product.
Credit cards are standard cards.
Credit cards are still a great way to pay while traveling.
Credit cards are still the primary means of payment.
Credit cards are subject to credit approval.
Credit cards are such a risky option for website surfers and owners.
Credit cards are surprisingly hard to use.
Credit cards are the currency of the Internet.
Credit cards are the easiest form of payment to handle online.
Credit cards are the fastest way to go broke.
Credit cards are the fastest, most efficient way to make payments, especially for online services.
Credit cards are the main thing.
Credit cards are the major violators of soliciting, while dot-coms come in second.
Credit cards are the most common type of revolving account.
Credit cards are the most convenient method for prepayment.
Credit cards are the most convenient method of purchasing items both on and off the ships.
Credit cards are the most popular method of payment.
Credit cards are the most timely method of payment for electronic filing.
Credit cards are the normal accepted method of payments over the internet.
Credit cards are the number one way to earn miles without flying, followed by telephone usage.
Credit cards are the only acceptable form of payment for faxed applications.
Credit cards are the only acceptable form of payment within five days of departure.
Credit cards are the only accepted form of payment for fax orders.
Credit cards are the only accepted form of payment.
Credit cards are the only form of payment accepted for car permit fees.
Credit cards are the only form of payment via the web.
Credit cards are the only methods of payment accepted for e-mail reservations.
Credit cards are the payment option of choice on the Internet.
Credit cards are the pillar of consumerism.
Credit cards are the predominant and safest method of moving currency over the Internet.
Credit cards are the preferred form of payment for foreign subscriptions.
Credit cards are the preferred form of payment.
Credit cards are the preferred method of payment.
Credit cards are the safest and most convenient way to shop online.
Credit cards are the same as cash.
Credit cards are the ultimate financial security blanket.
Credit cards are the wave of the future.
Credit cards are to be avoided if possible.
Credit cards are to be used for rental cars only.
Credit cards are to be used only for the purchase of gas and oil.
Credit cards are to be used to purchase gas or materials for the vehicle only.
Credit cards are too easy to get.
Credit cards are too easy to obtain.
Credit cards are unacceptable.
Credit cards are unknown except in big and expensive stores in the big cities.
Credit cards are unlikely to be provided but debit cards are issued.
Credit cards are unsecured from banks.
Credit cards are used for age verification.
Credit cards are used for charging.
Credit cards are used for identification.
Credit cards are used for payings.
Credit cards are used for purchasing.
Credit cards are used for shops.
Credit cards are useful for financial emergencies and for establishing financial credibility.
Credit cards are useful in emergencies.
Credit cards are useful in large centers and are essential when renting a car.
Credit cards are useful, especially for emergencies.
Credit cards are usually available in state vehicles.
Credit cards are very appealing and, when used responsibly, can be beneficial.
Credit cards are very important in many cases such as opening video rental account or mail order.
Credit cards are very profitable to their issuers.
Credit cards are virtually useless at the race track.
Credit cards are weapons.
Credit cards are welcome - and so are checks.
Credit cards are welcome at our new look, spacious store.
Credit cards are welcome for in-store purchases.
Credit cards are welcome for in-store vehicle purchases only .
Credit cards are welcome for payment.
Credit cards are welcome too.
Credit cards are welcome, and advanced purchases are recommended.
Credit cards are welcome.
Credit cards are wellcome.
Credit cards are what people use when they discover the buy now, pray later plan.
Credit cards are widely acceptable in Europe at restaurants, hotels, gift shops and gas stations.
Credit cards are widely available and used for retail transactions.
Credit cards are wonderful thing.
Credit cards attract annual fees and interest charges.
Credit cards can be a good thing, when used correctly.
Credit cards can be a great, safe way to handle shopping and bill paying.
Credit cards can be a help or a hindrance.
Credit cards can be a useful thing as long as they're monitored.
Credit cards can be a very handy tool for students if used correctly.
Credit cards can be beneficial - to a point.
Credit cards can be extremely useful.
Credit cards can be useful for making purchases over the phone or in an emergency.
Credit cards can be very useful when used responsibly.
Credit cards can be wonderful things.
Credit cards can end up costing a lot because of the interest rate being charged.
Credit cards can have their place in a college student's life.
Credit cards can make or break a student's credit history.
Credit cards can pay education costs in a new way.
Credit cards can provide an extra source of money to use for unexpected expenses.
Credit cards cause serious problems for many people.
Credit cards collect from both the buyer and the seller.
Credit cards come in gold and platinum.
Credit cards cost the companies money in the form of fees.
Credit cards do come in handy.
Credit cards dominate it now.
Credit cards dominate online transactions largely because no alternative is yet viable.
Credit cards expire.
Credit cards Get out of the habit of using credit cards.
Credit cards give customers freedom to spend for previously unplanned merchandise.
Credit cards guarantee the room.
Credit cards have credit limits.
Credit cards have drawbacks, however, that limit their use for broad Internet e-commerce.
Credit cards have limited acceptance except at big hotels and banks.
Credit cards have limited acceptance outside Lima.
Credit cards have limited use.
Credit cards have limits.
Credit cards have priority.
Credit cards have very limited use in Cuba.
Credit cards Having a credit card is handy.
Credit cards help with travel expenses and emergencies.
Credit cards illustrate the two faces of fast, financial fixes.
Credit cards is all they do.
Credit cards Keep a list of names and addresses of issuing company, plus card number, if any.
Credit cards leave a paper trail so keep that in mind.
Credit cards leave a trail.
Credit cards make it too easy to get into debt.
Credit cards make purchase by mail or online safer, easier and quicker.
Credit cards make record keeping easy.
Credit cards make unsecured buying now.
Credit cards mean power.
Credit cards offer a number of advantages over alternative payment methods in Internet commerce.
Credit cards offer a substantially longer float period.
Credit cards offer a very good rate of exchange.
Credit cards offer another interesting example.
Credit cards offer better protection than cash.
Credit cards offer convenient ways to spend money without counting out cold cash.
Credit cards offer further enticement to run up debts.
Credit cards offer literally thousands of choices.
Credit cards offer perhaps the most vivid illustration of the trend toward product concentration.
Credit cards offer protection.
Credit cards offer protections that other payment options lack.
Credit cards offer the most consumer protections.
Credit Cards Paying by credit card is very common in New Zealand.
Credit cards permits the purchase of goods even when funds are low.
Credit cards pinch porn sites.
Credit cards provide another ready, though expensive, source of cash.
Credit cards provide consumers more protection than cash or check.
Credit cards provide convenience, flexibility, and safety.
Credit cards provide more than just ease of use.
Credit cards represent a line of credit from the bank that issues the card.
Credit cards require a hand written number and signature.
Credit cards require expiration date, the exact name on the card, and the cards billing zip code.
Credit cards save overseas subscribers calculating remittances and exchange rates.
Credit cards Save time by applying for a credit card online.
Credit cards See the complete table of credit card interest rates and annual fees.
Credit cards seem like a great way to pay for things.
Credit cards seem to be a major culprit.
Credit cards suck.
Credit cards support.
Credit cards turn into unmanageable debt and bankruptcy.
Credit cards used for identification purposes can turn out to be a costly mistake.
Credit cards vary widely in their charges and how fees are calculated.
Credit cards welcome on phone orders.
Credit cards welcome.
Credit cards work everywhere.
Credit cards work in about the same way.
Credit cards work the same way.
Credit cards work, but so does cash, and often more easily.
Credit cards yield high profits to their issuers for several reasons.
All credit cards are acceptable.
All credit cards are pretty much the same.
All credit cards are secured.
All credit cards are subject to credit approval.
All credit cards are the same.
All credit cards are to be kept in a secure location.
All credit cards are valid in major provincial cities in designated establishments.
All credit cards are welcome.
All credit cards have an annual interest rate.
All credit cards issued in Thailand use A.D. dates.
All credit cards offer either a fixed interest rate or a variable interest rate.
All credit cards offer extended credit, sometimes called revolving credit.
All credit cards require name as it appears on the card, credit card number and expiration date.
All credit cards welcome, even if stolen.
All credit cards welcome.
Every credit card compares differently.
Every credit card has to be identified.
Many credit card offers promise attractive low introductory rates.
Many credit cards are what the industry calls variable rate.
Many credit cards come without an annual fee.
Many credit cards earn points for all sorts of brand loyalty rewards.
Many credit cards have special offers for students.
Many credit cards offer a grace period for purchases.
Many credit cards offer a variety of benefits associated with car ownership and automobile travel.
Many credit cards offer automatic travel accident insurance.
Many credit cards offer tie-ins with airline frequent flier programs, but most charge annual fees.
More credit card offers below.
Most credit cards are unsecured, meaning there is no property put up as collateral for the debt.
Most credit cards are unsecured.
Most credit cards are welcome, as are traveller's cheques.
Most credit cards impose both finance charges and a transaction fee on cash advances.
Most credit cards offer revolving credit.
Most credit cards stress the personal advantages they carry.
Most credit cards use a calendar month.
Some credit card offers, mostly for 'gold' cards, allow for no grace period.
Some credit cards charge an annual fee for using the credit cards.
Some credit cards charge an annual or membership fee.
Some credit cards charge fees to be a part of their programs.
Some credit cards have annual fees and high interest rates.
Some credit cards have background design that rubs off if anyone tries to erase the signature.
Some credit cards have rental car coverage, too.
Some credit cards have very high hidden costs.
Some credit cards offer cash back or incentive programs - be sure to read the terms carefully.
Some credit cards offer insurance coverage to their customers as part of their services.
Some credit cards offer limited benefits.
Some credit cards offer one or more miles for every dollar spent.
Some credit cards offer protection to their card members.
Some credit cards offer their holders health and travel insurance.
Some credit cards offer valuable rewards, instant balance transfer and instant approvals.
Some credit cards permit the withdrawal of cash only from their own respective branches or ATMs.
Some credit cards provide car rental insurance for certain car types.
Some credit cards provide emergency travelers' assistance.
Some credit cards provide some coverage.
Some credit cards require an annual fee.
Some credit cards sit in purses.
Credit check is required.
Credit checks are another good way.
Credit checks are as important as landlord references.
Credit checks are relatively inexpensive and worth it.
Credit checks are standard procedure.
Credit checks can provide valuable information about the financial health of a payer.
Credit clearing is also available to aid in lower the cost of borrowing money.
Credit cooperatives serve rural household mainly in household credit.
Credit counseling focuses on repaying or restructuring debts and improving payment habits.
Credit counseling is available online, by phone, or in person.
Credit counseling is like a repayment plan without going to court.
Credit counseling offers consumers a practical way to get out of debt without taking a loan.
Credit counselling is plentiful in most urban areas and is often free.
Credit counselors agree that more people are able to pay their bills on time.
Credit counselors can help with that as well.
Credit counselors say there are several symptoms that indicate that someone needs a debt doctor.
Credit creation is completely out of control in relation to economic activity and domestic savings.
Credit creation is vital to economic recovery.
Credit debt is a bad entanglement.
Credit debt is really evil.
Credit derivatives can therefore cause disintermediation and thus reduce welfare.
Credit derivatives offer a systematic way of evaluating and transferring credit risk.
Credit derivatives take many forms and include various kinds of swaps and options.
Credit derivatives take many forms.
Credit enhancement is quite common in the developed markets.
Credit expansion can derive endogenously or exogenously.
Credit expansion grows a trillion a year.
Credit expansion is a boon for the banks, contraction is a forfeiture.
Credit expansion is the root cause of all financial bubbles.
Credit exposure arises in many situations and is managed in a variety of ways.
Credit exposure is determined from the evaluation of the credit investigation.
Credit facilities are available to approved customers.
Credit facility is offered to some established organisations.
Credit history can also affect a policyholder's ability to get insurance.
Credit history is a key component in buying a home.
Credit history provides an insight into a member's willingness to repay obligations.
A credit hour is credit
Credit hours are a measure of enrollment used by colleges and universities.
Credit hours are also on a calendar year basis.
Credit hours are another point of debate.
Credit hours are in parentheses.
Credit hours are subject to program changes.
Credit hours are the number of hours of instruction that the course is scheduled for per week.
Credit hours are to be arranged, although three credit hours are usually the amount approved.
Credit hours are to be entered for each course and section.
Credit hours are unique to the flexible work schedules.
Credit hours can be class hours or lab hours.
Credit hours consist of required courses, elective courses, and research credit hours.
Credit hours count only once toward graduation.
Credit hours depend on level of field supervision and hours worked per week.
Credit hours depend upon individual curricular requirements.
Credit hours earned are dependent on the requirements of the project.
Credit hours earned on exchange are Illinois State hours.
Credit hours earned through independent studies are variable.
Credit hours is a term used in the context of flexible work schedules only.
Credit hours required for the didactic and clerkship portions fulfill graduation requirements.
Credit hours transfer from the institution that originally granted the credit.
Credit hours varies.
Credit hours vary each semester.
Credit hours vary from one to six hours depending on the hours worked.
Credit hours vary, depending on the subject chosen.
Credit hours vary.
Credit information is required for all new accounts for factory approval.
Credit information is sent encrypted via our dedicated secure server port.
All credit information appears in the vendor's order retrieval form.
All credit information is accessed from the appropriate credit bureaus.
All credit information is encrypted to ensure the greatest level of security.
All credit information is given to the individual accommdations owner.
All credit information is kept in strict confidentiality.
All credit information is transmitted via a secure link established with our banking institution.
Credit institutions run credit checks on consumers before offerring accounts.
Credit insurance benefits the consumers of credit and facilitates the credit-granting process.
Credit insurance can provide that guarantee of payment.
Credit insurance covers liability for political and commercial risks.
Credit insurance is almost always voluntary .
Credit insurance is available for commercial and political risks.
Credit insurance is available from a variety of sources.
Credit insurance is big business.
Credit insurance is often, almost by definition, a bad deal for vulnerable consumers.
Credit insurance is popular to protect receivables and for financing purposes.
Credit insurance is probably unnecessary.
Credit insurance pays when a customer or customers default on their debt.
Credit laws vary from state to state and country to country.
Credit limit is always available.
Credit limit is based on credit checks and account volume and payment history.
Credit limit is determined by creditworthiness and income.
Credit limit is monitored by adding current call charges during each month's billing cycle.
Credit limit varies with qualifying income.
Credit limits appear separately on the customer's statement.
Credit limits are also available on a per client basis.
Credit limits are subject to status .
Credit limits are subject to status.
Credit limits are to be submitted for review and updated on a yearly basis.
Credit limits tap into our deep sense of power as consumers and distort our sense of our wealth.
Credit line is secured by a certificate of deposit.
Credit lines are also permissible for material provided by governmental sources.
Credit lines are credit.
Credit lines are generally unsecured and require no collateral.
Credit lines are typically hundreds of dollars rather than thousands.
Credit lines enable businesses to better manage cash flow.
Credit lines have a variable interest rate that fluctuates over the life of the loan.
Credit lines remain unused and dormant.
Credit lines work much like credit cards for consumers, but dispense with the plastic.
All credit lines are subject to credit approval.
Credit management is a popular topic among The Money Machine 's viewers.
Credit managers oversee the firm s issuance of credit.
Credit managers oversee the firm's issuance of credit.
Credit memos expire one year after the date of issue.
Credit memos take weeks and sometimes months to get and are often incorrect.
Credit notes have no cash value other than stated above.
Credit quality appears to have improved, on balance, since the last report.
Credit quality is good in the Atlanta district, and bankruptcies continue to gradually decline.
Credit quality is reported as healthy overall.
Credit quality refers to the risk of repayment and varies tremendously.
Credit quality remains strong, with only one loan on non-accrual.
A credit rating is an estimate
Credit rating is a long-term commitment that is reviewed on an annual basis.
Credit rating is no exception.
Credit ratings are an integral part of establishing the price at which corporate paper is issued.
Credit ratings are estimates.
Credit ratings assess each factor equally for every consumer, every time.
Credit ratings become powerful political symbols for governments.
Credit ratings have nothing to do with our policy.
Credit ratings help determine how much states and other borrowers have to pay when issuing bonds.
Credit Ratings help in differentiating and distinguishing oneself from others.
Credit repair is a slow, tedious process that takes time, energy and commitment.
Credit repair is the process of re-establishing and maintaining a good consumer report.
Credit reports are a little like the weather.
Credit reports are available from some private companies.
Credit reports are available on all businesses worldwide.
Credit reports are easily available over the Internet.
Credit reports are important because lenders like to avoid risk.
Credit reports are one of many options employers can use for pre-employment verification.
Credit reports are only one facet of a lender's decision to grant credit.
Credit reports are useful in many situations.
Credit reports can be difficult to read, harder to understand, and many contain errors.
Credit reports can cause particular problems for women.
Credit reports contain personal and financial information.
Credit reports describe an individual's credit history for the last seven to ten years.
Credit Reports Get an instant online credit report or try the credit monitoring service.
Credit Reports identify past and present employers, dates of employment, positions, and salaries.
Credit reports provide more than a listing of an individual's loans and credit card companies.
Credit reports require a permissible purpose, pursuant to the Fair Credit Reporting Act.
Credit reports show in detail the status of each account as reported by credit grantors.
Credit Reports speak to the applicant's ability to be responsible.
Most credit reports come from the three largest credit reporting agencies.
Credit reporting enables many commercial transactions to take place.
Credit reporting is big business.
Credit reporting provides significant benefits to the financial system and the economy.
Credit risk affects the valuation of interest rate sensitive assets subject to potential default.
Credit risk is a function of diversification of assets.
Credit risk is a greater concern if the fund invests in lower-quality bonds.
Credit risk is a significant element of any derivatives transaction.
Credit risk is an important consideration with any fixed-income security.
Credit risk is another concern.
Credit risk is reduced significantly by entering into legally enforceable master netting agreements.
Credit risk is the dependent variable or the outcome.
Credit risk is the failure of another party to perform in accordance with the contract terms.
Credit risk is the most recognizable risk associated with banking.
Credit risk is the problem that American banks are facing.
Credit risk is the risk a company defaults.
Credit risk is the risk resulting from the financial failure of another person.
Credit risk represents the largest source of risk for many financial institutions.
Credit risk varies.
Credit risks vary with different types of bonds.
Credit score ranges.
Credit scores allow for an objective decision rather than a subjective one.
Credit scores are a snapshot of the risk an applicant presents at the time the score is generated.
Credit scores are an extremely important part of the underwriting process.
Credit scores are blind to demographic or cultural differences among loan applicants.
Credit scores are important.
Credit scores are nothing more than numerical versions of credit reports.
Credit scores consider patterns of behavior.
Credit scores consider several different pieces of information in an individual's credit history.
Credit scores play a huge role in the underwriting process.
Credit scores reflect people's long-term patterns of credit use and repayment history over time.
Credit scores use information found in a consumer's credit report.
Credit scoring analyzes an applicant's characteristics to predict future credit behaviour.
Credit scoring appears to be eliminating any daylight between the two.
Credit scoring applies a mathematical formula to a consumer's credit history.
Credit scoring brings a new level of fairness to the credit granting process.
Credit scoring calculates the level of risk that a loan is repaid using statistical modeling.
Credit scoring eliminates any bias.
Credit scoring evaluates all loan applicants by the same criteria.
Credit scoring evaluates overall credit history and performance.
Credit scoring helps lenders apply one set of rules to everybody.
Credit scoring increases the consistency, speed, and often the accuracy of credit evaluations.
Credit scoring is a form of profiling.
Credit scoring is a scientific way of assessing how likely a borrower is to pay back a loan.
Credit scoring is an attempt to automate the process previously done by human underwriters.
Credit scoring is completely objective.
Credit scoring is credit evaluation done by computer rather than banking personnel.
Credit scoring is one of the most discussed topics in the mortgage industry.
Credit scoring is one such technique.
Credit scoring is one such tool.
Credit scoring is the process that creditors use to predict economic risks.
Credit scoring is updated automatically online in realtime.
Credit spreads are thus better suited for a low-volatility environment.
Credit spreads generated by our model are consistent with empirical observations.
Credit spreads offer two primary advantages over straight put or call purchases.
Credit spreads refer to yield differences between various debt securities.
Credit transaction is still a security risk.
Credit transactions are more convenient and are safer than using cash.
All credit transactions are subject to authorization and address verification.
Many credit transactions are more convenient and are safer than using cash.
Credit transfer is a responsibility of the receiving institution.
Credit transfer is an arrangement by which credits granted by one body are recognised by another.
Credit transfer is available to students from recognised institutions.
Credit transfer is difficult with select admission.
Credit transfer is handled as a normal procedure.
Credit transfer is incorporated into the requirements of the degree.
Credit transfer is only possible with their explicit approval.
Credit transfer is subject to college-specific policy.
Credit transfer remains a major issue requiring resolution.
Credit transfers are available into universities and other tertiary institutions.
Credit transfers are similar in nature to giro payments, e.g. direct deposits.
A credit union is a bank
Credit union experience a plus.
Credit unions accept deposits in a variety of accounts.
Credit unions are a cooperative form of banking.
Credit unions are a little bit more likely to take a chance on members than, say, a bank.
Credit unions are a tiny piece of the pie in terms of the financial industry.
Credit unions are all things to all people.
Credit unions are also . . .
Credit unions are also an excellent choice.
Credit unions are also more likely to offer people with damaged credit the chance to get a card.
Credit unions are also nonprofits.
Credit unions are always pleased to explain who qualifies for their membership.
Credit unions are among the most secure financial institutions in the nation.
Credit unions are and always have been people oriented financial institutions.
Credit unions are another source of consumer loans.
Credit unions are close to their communities and in touch with their neighbors.
Credit unions are cooperatives.
Credit unions are democracy in action.
Credit unions are democratic organizations directed by their members.
Credit unions are democratic.
Credit unions are different from banks because they are run by the members.
Credit unions are economic democracy.
Credit unions are either state or federally chartered.
Credit unions are exempt from federal taxation.
Credit unions are extremely unlikely to engage directly in predatory lending.
Credit unions are financial co-operatives owned and controlled by the members.
Credit unions are financial co-operatives where members save into a common fund.
Credit unions are financial co-operatives, are in effect community banks.
Credit unions are financial cooperatives, owned by the people who save and borrow there.
Credit unions are firm believers in consumer choice.
Credit unions are in a unique position to help their members understand and repair their credit.
Credit unions are member-owned alternatives to commercial banks.
Credit unions are member-owned and democratically managed and controlled.
Credit unions are member-owned and operated.
Credit unions are member-owned cooperatives.
Credit unions are member-owned financial coopera tives.
Credit unions are more than financial institutions.
Credit unions are mutual organizations.
Credit unions are nonprofit cooperatives owned by the members.
Credit unions are non-profit cooperatives where members are the owners.
Credit unions are non-profit corporations.
Credit unions are nonprofit financial cooperatives, owned and controlled by their members.
Credit unions are non-profit financial cooperatives.
Credit unions are non-profit financial institutions that provide banking services for their members.
Credit unions are non-profit, cooperative financial institutions owned by their members.
Credit unions are nonprofit, cooperative financial institutions.
Credit unions are nonprofit, member-owned financial cooperatives.
Credit unions are nonprofit.
Credit unions are non-profit.
Credit unions are now free to affiliate with other employment groups.
Credit unions are now in a position to use technology that banks have been developing for years.
Credit unions are often able to provide financial services in a very cost effective manner.
Credit unions are people-oriented financial institutions.
Credit unions are popular in the USA and some European countries.
Credit unions are quite different from standard corporations - they are somewhat unique.
Credit unions are still cooperative organizations serving only their members.
Credit unions are subject to much of the same consumer regulations as other financial institutions.
Credit unions are that network.
Credit unions are the soundest financial institutions in the world.
Credit unions are unique financial organizations.
Credit unions are user-owned financial institutions.
Credit unions assist members to become better- educated consumers of financial services.
Credit unions benefit everyone.
Credit unions call CDs share certificates.
Credit unions can be good sources of loans.
Credit unions can be very competitive.
Credit unions can continue to serve current members.
Credit unions can invest in government or government- guaranteed financial instruments.
Credit unions can offer a variety of financial services and consumer loans.
Credit unions can offer competitive rates and terms for their members.
Credit unions can offer generous terms to their members, but make mostly consumer loans.
Credit unions can store years of history on-line.
Credit unions can then import data directly into their application processing systems.
Credit unions can, however, continue to serve all current members.
Credit unions consist of member groups that share common bonds.
Credit unions differ from banks in one basic way.
Credit unions do pay taxes - payroll taxes, sales taxes, and property taxes.
Credit unions educate members about money matters .
Credit unions exercise neutrality in race, religion, and politics.
Credit unions exist only to serve their member-owners.
Credit unions exist solely for the purpose of meeting the financial needs of their member-owners.
Credit unions exist solely to provide financial services for their members.
Credit unions exist solely to serve their member-owners, who are the only depositors.
Credit unions exist to serve their members.
Credit unions focus on the needs of all their members instead of a limited number of stockholders.
Credit unions focus on the needs of all their members, instead of a limited number of shareholders.
Credit unions focus on their members and give more personalized service.
Credit unions form a relatively small part of the nation's financial industry.
Credit unions get their capital from their members and makes loans to their members.
Credit unions give card customers plenty of leeway as well.
Credit unions hang back longer.
Credit unions have a long history of educating their members in financial matters.
Credit unions have a structure that differs from banks.
Credit unions have either a federal or state charter.
Credit unions have either state or federal charters.
Credit unions have many clever fund raisers during the year.
Credit unions have more limited powers than banks and thrifts.
Credit unions have non-profit tax status.
Credit unions have the best rates .
Credit unions have the fiduciary responsibility to monitor and control investment risk.
Credit unions have the option of a state or federal charter.
Credit unions have yet another new competitor when it comes to mortgages.
Credit unions help keep money out of the vast waste territory of the world of high finance.
Credit unions help members save.
Credit unions hold annual membership meetings to elect new board members.
Credit unions keep interest rates as low as possible for the benefit of their members.
Credit unions lend more aggressively than small banks.
Credit unions lose membership battle with banks.
Credit unions make consumer loans from money deposited by members.
Credit unions make consumer loans.
Credit unions offer a choice.
Credit unions offer a variety of products and services to their members.
Credit unions offer an important consumer alternative to the for-profit system.
Credit unions offer car, home, and personal loans, and often a credit card at a reasonable rate.
Credit unions offer employee benefits such as payroll deduction and direct deposit.
Credit unions offer financial services to their members.
Credit unions offer many of the same financial products and services as banks.
Credit unions offer more truly free checking deals than the traditional bank.
Credit unions offer people an opportunity to learn how to save their money.
Credit unions offer the same types of internet and phone access as other banks.
Credit unions offer traditionally low rates on credit cards, savings and checking accounts.
Credit unions offer truly unique advantages to their members.
Credit unions operate according to the democratic principle of one member, one vote.
Credit unions operate democratically and each member has one vote.
Credit unions operate differently.
Credit unions operate in a very prudent manner.
Credit unions operate in cities, country towns, suburban areas and across state borders.
Credit unions operate under federal or state laws.
Credit unions pay a variety of local taxes, service fees and other costs.
Credit unions play a valuable role in the lives of many individuals seeking alternatives to banks.
Credit unions promote personal financial stability.
Credit unions promote thrift and welcome savers.
Credit unions provide a great service to our communities.
Credit unions provide accessible savings, low cost loans and other financial services.
Credit unions provide loans at low rates.
Credit unions provide proof that cooperative ownership benefits everyone.
Credit unions range in size from the very small to large and complex world-wide operations.
Credit unions rank the lowest in financial difficulties among all financial institutions.
Credit unions receive an annual updated listing of the library in a catalog of available material.
Credit unions reflect values, beliefs of members.
Credit unions remember their mission.
Credit unions represent deep-seeded values and a long history around cooperatives.
Credit unions represent democracy at work in the market place.
Credit unions represent democracy in the work force.
Credit unions return lots of money to their members in lower interest rates.
Credit unions return the fire.
Credit unions say they are member-focused, concerned with the needs of the people they serve.
Credit unions say they're getting a bigger share of the club pie.
Credit unions seek to promote social responsibility.
Credit unions seem to be challenging commercial banks in the USA with the services they offer.
Credit unions serve people who have something in common, such as where they work or live.
Credit unions specialize in helping educate their members for a better financial future.
Credit unions support sports teams and other community groups.
Credit unions thrive because of the nature of the credit union movement.
Credit unions try to be convenient to their members.
Credit unions view themselves as organized to meet the needs of their members.
All credit unions have a defined field of membership.
All credit unions pay the same percentage rate of the annual fee.
All credit unions serve a membership group with a common bond.
Every credit union operates democratically giving each member equal voice and an equal vote.
Every credit union serves a specific group of people who have a particular common bond.
Many credit unions appoint members to conduct unannounced audits.
Many credit unions are small in size and offer very basic services.
Many credit unions are small, and offer only basic savings accounts and loans.
Many credit unions believe that a 'business as usual' approach is most appropriate.
Many credit unions deny credit and other services to any members who had filed bankruptcy.
Many credit unions focus on local community investment, rather than corporate bankrolling.
Many credit unions have multiple SEGs.
Many credit unions offer low or no service fees and no-surcharge ATMs.
Many credit unions offer lower loan rates and pay higher dividends on savings accounts.
Many credit unions offer no-surcharge ATMs that any credit union member can use.
Many credit unions offer share draft accounts that operate much like a checking account.
Many credit unions offer theirmemebers small loans, lines of credit, and overdraft protection.
Many credit unions serve the employees of more than one company.
Most credit unions accept donations from members and staff one dollar at a time.
Most credit unions allow credit union members' families to join.
Most credit unions attempt to provide the best possible education for their members.
Most credit unions charge members to use their automated teller machines to cover maintenance costs.
Most credit unions have long since outgrown their original function.
Most credit unions have lower operating margins than other types of lenders.
Most credit unions have their accounts insured by the federal government.
Most credit unions invite family members to join.
Most credit unions provide many other services in addition to savings and lending.
Some credit unions are also open to the public.
Some credit unions do offer dealer financing, so shop around for the best deal.
Some credit unions have no limits.
Some credit unions hire a professional stenographer to take meeting notes.
Some credit unions make subprime loans directly to members.
Some credit unions offer credit cards, debit cards, checking accounts, IRAs and share certificates.
Some credit unions offer mortgage life insurance of some form to members as an incentive.
Some credit unions offer slightly lower loan rates and modestly higher savings rates.
Some credit unions remain very much involved in community development.
Some credit unions serve the employees of more than one company.
Some credit unions serve the residents of a particular community.
Credit worthiness is an important criterion for many lenders.
Credit accounts for qualified customers.
Credit accounts with proportional interest.
Credit accrues at the rate of one hour for each hour of activity.
Credit accrues at the rate of one hour for each hour of actual contact.
Credit accrues at the rate of two contact hours for each hour of presentation.
Credit allows consumers to take advantage of seasonal sales or to avoid anticipated price increases.
Credit allows customers to purchase something immediately and pay for it later.
Credit alone is useless.
Credit also applies to high school graduation.
Credit also applies toward elective requirements.
Credit also goes to the public for their participation and support.
Credit also is due to alumni who are currently working with the company.
Credit also means becoming indebted to someone for something.
Credit also needs to be given for guiding successful dissertations.
Credit applies as hours toward graduation but meets no other college requirement.
Credit applies in either zoology or geology.
Credit applies only to accumulative graduation hours.
Credit applies only to the cost of the merchandise and sales tax.
Credit applies toward astrophysics minor.
Credit applies toward electives only.
Credit are good for six months.
Credit are safe to use via our secure server.
Credit attaches to faculty which goes to the faculty members' departments.
Credit away is granted only on the basis of regular college classroom instruction.
Credit becomes a special case.
Credit belongs to associates of long ago, whose names are found within the text.
Credit belongs to our heritage of integrity, quality and safety.
Credit belongs to the hundreds of people who participated in the expansion drive.
Credit breeds discredit.
Credit ca rd deposit equal to one night's lodging required to reserve a room.
Credit can also be a hazardous path for the unwary and uninformed.
Credit can be a financial tool if it's used wisely.
Credit can be a soft cushion or a migraine headache depending upon how it is used.
Credit can be a valuable financial tool, especially in an emergency.
Credit can be a wonderful thing if used intelligently.
Credit can be an effective way of managing the flow of funds.
Credit can be an important financial management tool if used responsibly.
Credit can be essential to meet unexpected or emergency expenses.
Credit can be good or bad.
Credit can certainly be a great tool to balancing a student's budget.
Credit can help in emergencies such as unexpected medical, auto or housing expenses.
Credit can improve service on unsatisfactory merchandise or make returning merchandise easier.
Credit can increase or decrease spending options.
Credit can indicate stability.
Credit can make returning merchandise easier.
Credit can vary from excellent to a recent bankruptcy.
Credit carries no grade points.
Credit check A credit report.
Credit check to be performed by lender.
Credit comes from the Latin 'credere' meaning to believe, to trust.
Credit commensurate with time, quality and variety of internship assignment.
Credit commits future income and encourages impulse buying.
Credit costs money.
Credit counts for majors, minors, or electives.
Credit depends on nature and depth of problem assigned.
Credit depends on perfect attendance and no tardies.
Credit depends on the child's home school.
Credit depends on the condition of the book.
Credit depends on the demands and complexity and the duration of the work the student performs.
Credit depends on the nature of problem and work accomplished.
Credit depends on the nature of the problem and work accomplished.
Credit depends on the nature of the problem and work to be accomplished.
Credit depends on the number of hours devoted.
Credit depends on the type of business and the content and quality of the collateral.
Credit does count toward a major in micrbiol.
Credit earned by portfolio is designated on the transcript in the same manner as transfer credit.
Credit earned by special examination is considered resident credit.
Credit earned in foreign schools and non-accredited domestic schools needs to be validated.
Credit earned in programs sponsored by other institutions or agencies is treated as transfer credit.
Credit earned in the program is considered in-residence credit and earns honor points.
Credit Enter the amount earned for the project during the month.
Credit extends purchasing power and helps satisfy consumer wants and needs.
Credit Find out more about our credit policies and fill out our credit application.
Credit flows from Japan to Indonesia also are substantial.
Credit given by seed dealers is also important.
Credit given depends on version and condition.
Credit given for education and experience requirements are equivalent to full-time.
Credit given is always applicable to degree requirements.
Credit given to photographers is shown by a minimum of the person's name.
Credit gives customers the freedom to make previously unplanned purchases.
Credit goes as well to the students who behaved well and took the test seriously.
Credit goes to a free-market, private forum.
Credit goes to a softish boot imbued with a stiffness that generates solid push-off.
Credit goes to both sides for working hard to reach a settlement that is fair and reasonable.
Credit goes to cras.
Credit goes to the entire crew because the car ran flawlessly.
Credit goes to the following individuals who assisted in getting the webcam operational.
Credit goes to the girls and the music programme that is highly developed.
Credit goes to the new data-management system encompassing every aspect of the company's business.
Credit goes to the Seraphim Studio's, inspired by the great masters of the ages.
Credit goes to the staff for giving time to young men and women over the past twenty years.
Credit goes to the team .
Credit goes to the toy designers' exquisite attention to detail.
Credit goes to the trio of young actors in the lead roles.
Credit has also been extended to casinos, that certainly contributes to the ongoing addiction.
Credit has much in common with a house flooded by burst water pipes.
Credit has no cash value and is good for one year.
Credit has no effect on certain welfare benefits.
Credit has no expiration date.
Credit has nothing to do with the formula.
Credit has several job opportunities for residential mortgage brokers in the United States.
Credit has to be acceptable.
Credit has to be given to the charter companies.
Credit has to go to many people for a remarkable team effort.
Credit has to go to the South African bowlers who kept running in, always aggressive.
Credit helps establish a favorable credit rating.
Credit helps to level it all out.
Credit here goes to relatively aggressive chassis geometry.
Credit here is the lowest for any major industrial nation.
Credit holds hidden costs.
Credit impaired is our niche.
Credit imposes a hidden tax.
Credit increases a revenue account.
Credit increases private sector demand.
Credit involves responsibility as well as privileges, so be sure to pay debts promptly.
Credit is a basic necessity for continuation of business.
Credit is a capital asset.
Credit is a commodity and one where relationships mean little.
Credit is a convenience.
Credit is a creation of the banking system.
Credit is a critical aspect of modern life.
Credit is a critical input for development of the handloom sector.
Credit is a critical resource for any business.
Credit is a form of trust established between a lender or creditor and a borrower or debtor.
Credit is a funny thing.
Credit is a liability, or loan, rather than an asset.
Credit is a major responsibility and great tool to have.
Credit is a method of exchange of labor in lieu of money.
Credit is a necessary part of the economy.
Credit is a privilege and a convenience.
Credit is a privilege and convenience available to creditworthy individuals.
Credit is a privilege extended by the creditor at their discretion.
Credit is a range within the spectrum of contracts varying in details.
Credit is a resource of the business.
Credit is a type of forced savings.
Credit is a way for businesses to control consumers, lives.
Credit is a wonderful convenience.
Credit is a wonderful tool for the consumer.
Credit is accepted from regionally accredited institutions.
Credit is accepted in transfer from regionally accredited colleges and universities.
Credit is accomplishment.
Credit is accrued during any approved single-semester leave.
Credit is acknowledgment.
Credit is added using the value tellers.
Credit is all about, renting another's money for a specified period of time.
Credit is allocated on a periodic basis, up to some maximum.
Credit is allocated on market terms and is available to foreigners.
Credit is allocated on market terms, and foreign investors are eligible to apply for it.
Credit is allocated on market terms.
Credit is allowable for the first incorrect insertion only.
Credit is allowable for the first insertion only.
Credit is allowable for the first insertion.
Credit is allowable only for the first day of error.
Credit is allowable only for the first day of the error.
Credit is also available for health and physical education experiences obtained in the military.
Credit is also available for international internships and volunteer service.
Credit is also available for work in student media.
Credit is also available in connection with excellent foreign tours conducted during the summer.
Credit is also available.
Credit is also due to the actors themselves.
Credit is also due to the maintenance coordinators.
Credit is also possible for non-credentialled learning.
Credit is an absolutely essential element of our modern economy.
Credit is an accepted part of the business milieu.
Credit is an essential fact of our lives.
Credit is an established part of American life.
Credit is an extremely important and vital part of today's economy.
Credit is an important component of the service.
Credit is an important financial tool.
Credit is an important safety net.
Credit is an important tool for managing money.
Credit is an indispensable element for economic development.
Credit is and remains an indispensable element for economic development .
Credit is another method of declaring a money transaction.
Credit is another popular topic.
Credit is another service frequently offered to contractors.
Credit is applicable in selected career and certificate programs only.
Credit is applicable to the master's degree and Administrative Services Credential .
Credit is applicable to the master's degree and Administrative Services Credential.
Credit is applicable to the program in Professional Photography.
Credit is applicable towards requirements for a German major or minor.
Credit is applied first to tuition and fees, and bookstore charges if authorized.
Credit is applied for after production closes.
Credit is applied on a per-child basis and is available in the year the adoption becomes final.
Credit is applied to the customer's next invoice.
Credit is applied to the degree once the student is admitted to the program.
Credit is applied toward our certificate program.
Credit is applied when the student provides a high school transcript with the date of graduation.
Credit is appreciated if text is reprinted.
Credit is appreciated.
Credit is appropriate to the academic context in which it is accepted.
Credit is approved before shipping.
Credit is arranged by the student or faculty member.
Credit is arranged depending on the length of the internship.
Credit is arranged though the student's academic department.
Credit is arranged with each individual instructor.
Credit is as American as it gets.
Credit is assessed on the basis of detailed course outlines.
Credit is assets.
Credit is assigned according to the work load in a particular course.
Credit is assigned accordingly.
Credit is assigned for each learning community at the time it is offered.
Credit is assigned for successful completion of a course on the following basis.
Credit is assigned for the completion of directed reading programs, seminars and similar activities.
Credit is assigned on the basis of the amount of time to be devoted to the course.
Credit is at the very core of every commercial relationship.
Credit is attached to the individual documents provided.
Credit is attributed when known.
Credit is attributed wherever possible.
Credit is automatic to the original author or authors.
Credit is available by several methods.
Credit is available for all lines of insurance.
Credit is available for all of the above.
Credit is available for as many students who qualify per taxpayer.
Credit is available for attendance at meetings of scholarly societies.
Credit is available for both graduate and undergraduate students.
Credit is available for degree students.
Credit is available for life-learning experiences outside of college.
Credit is available for six years.
Credit is available for teachers.
Credit is available for visual and textile arts courses.
Credit is available from by many sources.
Credit is available from many sources.
Credit is available in language arts, science and social studies.
Credit is available only for cost of un subsidized child care.
Credit is available only to educators who have at least a bachelor's degree.
Credit is available only to matriculated, degree-seeking students.
Credit is available subject to status and conditions.
Credit is available through a variety of universities.
Credit is available to all sorts of people.
Credit is available to businesses with established credit accounts.
Credit is available to community participants.
Credit is available to established commercial accounts only.
Credit is available to established customers.
Credit is available to foreign investors in the local market, but is relatively expensive.
Credit is available to qualified accounts.
Credit is available to qualified applicants.
Credit is available to qualified customers.
Credit is available to qualified Customers.
Credit is available to qualified organizations and companies.
Credit is available to the community participants.
Credit is available upon payment of registration fee.
Credit is available upon reference check.
Credit is available.
Credit is awarded according to the following schedule.
Credit is awarded after evaluation and approval of the actual work performed.
Credit is awarded at the end of each semester based on satisfactory completion of the entire course.
Credit is awarded based on an evaluation of documentation of the learning experience.
Credit is awarded based on attendance.
Credit is awarded based on full-time participation and completion of all required documentation.
Credit is awarded based on the number of hours of involvement.
Credit is awarded based upon satisfactory completion of the student's personal development plan.
Credit is awarded based upon the exam score.
Credit is awarded by the institution that offers the course.
Credit is awarded by university faculty.
Credit is awarded during the semester following the submission date.
Credit is awarded during the semester in which the student is registered.
Credit is awarded for completion of all assignments.
Credit is awarded for completion of both parts.
Credit is awarded for courses taken at accredited colleges and universities only.
Credit is awarded for higher mental abilities than mere mental skills.
Credit is awarded for instruction a TA receives under the mentorship of a faculty advisor.
Credit is awarded for passing, independent of the number of attempts.
Credit is awarded for performing in or working on college productions.
Credit is awarded for programs which PSU has a contractual agreement with the institution.
Credit is awarded for scores above the fiftieth percentile.
Credit is awarded for scores at or above the fiftieth percentile.
Credit is awarded for several subject area tests.
Credit is awarded for specific courses.
Credit is awarded for the British advanced-level exams when a grade of D or higher is earned.
Credit is awarded for usable items.
Credit is awarded for writing, editing, and producing the campus newspaper.
Credit is awarded in dramatics.
Credit is awarded in each program.
Credit is awarded in the term in which a grade is received by the Fielding administrative offices.
Credit is awarded on a course by course basis.
Credit is awarded on completion of a comment of publishable quality.
Credit is awarded on the basis of hours spent in instruction.
Credit is awarded on the basis of minimum scores and satisfactory essays, if required.
Credit is awarded on the basis of objectives completed and the number of hours the student trains.
Credit is awarded on the basis of objectives completed and the number of hours worked.
Credit is awarded on the basis of transcript evaluation.
Credit is awarded once for a completed class.
Credit is awarded one hour per week of successfully completed study.
Credit is awarded only after completion of both semesters.
Credit is awarded only after student is proficient.
Credit is awarded only at the undergraduate level.
Credit is awarded only following a public defense of the completed research project.
Credit is awarded only for courses in the current curriculum of the college.
Credit is awarded only for teaching special courses or for teaching a course for the first time.
Credit is awarded only with an official document showing such certification.
Credit is awarded retroactively.
Credit is awarded to incoming students for graduate course work that matches the program curriculum.
Credit is awarded to qualifying students following completion of one fall or spring semester.
Credit is awarded to students receiving the recommended passing score.
Credit is awarded upon approval of a written paper regarding the selected topic.
Credit is awarded upon successful course completion.
Credit is awarded upon the satisfactory completion of four semesters of activity.
Credit is awarded when registrants successfully complete exams for each module.
Credit is awarded when the student earns a passing score or better on the comprehensive exam.
Credit is awarded.
Credit is based hour for hour - if the lecture is one hour, it meets the requirement for one hour.
Credit is based on an internship report and a portfolio of work completed on the internship.
Credit is based on attendance.
Credit is based on participation and is awarded only after completion of the spring semester.
Credit is based on reports alone.
Credit is based on the amount of work completed.
Credit is based on the amount of work undertaken.
Credit is based on the course requirements.
Credit is based on the individual assignment.
Credit is based on the nature and degree of student involvement.
Credit is based on the scope of the project.
Credit is based on trust.
Credit is based on two weeks of full-time field work with attendant assignments.
Credit is big - profitable business.
Credit is by examination or transfer.
Credit is by mastery examination.
Credit is commendation
Credit is conditional upon successful completion of the thesis in the second semester.
Credit is considered for each A level exam graded D or higher.
Credit is considered the same as extension credit and is subject to the same limitations.
Credit is considered transfer work.
Credit is constantly available.
Credit is contingent on the submission of a final report.
Credit is contingent upon acceptance at one of the seminaries.
Credit is contingent upon completion of both semesters of work.
Credit is contingent upon receipt of an official transcript.
Credit is contingent upon successful completion of the work experience and the academic assignments.
Credit is convenient and good to have in the event of emergencies.
Credit is created by an entry in a computerized account.
Credit is credit extended to state enterprises by domestic financial institutions.
Credit is credit.
Credit is crucial for land and equipment purchase.
Credit is crucial for reviving industrial and commercial output.
Credit is crucial to maintaining links between traders.
Credit is defined as the financial capability to perform a contract, plus other commitments.
Credit is defined in terms of semester hours.
Credit is dependent on length and composition of activity.
Credit is dependent on number of lessons per week.
Credit is dependent on the subjects undertaken in the associate diploma.
Credit is dependent on the transfer policies of other institutions.
Credit is dependent upon length of course and depth of study.
Credit is dependent upon the nature of the work.
Credit is dependent upon the plan of study.
Credit is described as plentiful by most District contacts.
Credit is designed to indicate a student's time investment for all academic achievements.
Credit is determined by department.
Credit is determined by each home school.
Credit is determined by final written and oral examinations with an expert outside examiner.
Credit is determined by number of phases of laboratory instruction in which student participates.
Credit is determined by the department.
Credit is determined by the nature and scope of the project undertaken.
Credit is determined by the number of hours a student provides training during the semester.
Credit is determined by the number of hours a student works during the semester .
Credit is determined by the number of hours a student works during the semester.
Credit is determined by the number of hours per week students devote to the internship.
Credit is determined by the number of hours the student works during the semester.
Credit is determined by the program.
Credit is determined by the scope and length of the seminar workshop, or course.
Credit is determined on a quarter-hour basis.
Credit is displayed in pence.
Credit is divided among the total number of authors.
Credit is due .
Credit is due also to human capital, American workers, with all their skills, creativity and energy.
Credit is due everyone concerned.
Credit is due for all the others to their respective contributor .
Credit is due for the dialog and some of the characters.
Credit is due to all involved in the production of a fine show.
Credit is due to our friends across the pond.
Credit is due to the classically trained culinary team who elevate food to delectable art.
Credit is due to the good offices of the attorney-general.
Credit is due to the members of both teams for their overall fine performance.
Credit is due to the original sources of the information.
Credit is due to whoever needs it and the ususal disclaimer jazz.
Credit is earned based on completeness, timeliness, and quality of work.
Credit is earned by active participation, a field journal and weekly essays.
Credit is earned by completing the course.
Credit is earned by demonstrating that prior learning is equivalent to specific college courses.
Credit is earned by passing a computer-generated test on the book read.
Credit is earned by transfer.
Credit is earned during the semester in which the presentation is made.
Credit is earned for a combination of academic and field work.
Credit is earned for making the team, meeting the requirements and completing the season.
Credit is earned for new and continued learning taking place in the work environment.
Credit is earned for participation throughout the course.
Credit is earned for the course.
Credit is earned for work site learning.
Credit is earned only once in a biennium for each different of course taught.
Credit is earned only once.
Credit is earned separately in social studies and English.
Credit is earned through learning contracts or internships .
Credit is earned through paid work experiences in humanities.
Credit is earned through participation.
Credit is earned to a maximum of six.
Credit is earned when the results of the student's thesis research are presented.
Credit is easily available on campus.
Credit is easy, collection laws are tough, and the Tunica casinos are close, just to name a few.
Credit is effective on the first day of the quarter that it is assigned.
Credit is entries.
Credit is equivalent to a letter grade of B .
Credit is established by departmental evaluation.
Credit is established prior to acquisition, making subsequent take downs easier.
Credit is evaluated on an individual basis.
Credit is everywhere.
Credit is exchanged for high interest rates.
Credit is expensive.
Credit is expressed in quarter units.
Credit is expressed in terms of semester hours.
Credit is extended as a courtesy to our customers.
Credit is extended on records for the past five years.
Credit is extended pursuant to a written contract.
Credit is extended to firms and agencies that have submitted credit statements.
Credit is extended to qualified buyers only.
Credit is extended to the many contributing researchers.
Credit is fully transferrable to a new owner for the remaining life of the credit.
Credit is gained by weekly attendance and the submission of short summaries of the weekly seminars.
Credit is generally transferable to other universities.
Credit is given and permission has been asked where required when the origin is known.
Credit is given and transient admission is for one semester only.
Credit is given at receiving institutions by the registrar at that institution.
Credit is given at the completion of each year of service.
Credit is given at two or four hours per semester on each level.
Credit is given based on what the defaced page says.
Credit is given both for performances and for technical theater.
Credit is given directly within each website.
Credit is given for a missed exam if there is a valid, documented reason.
Credit is given for a wide variety of educational experiences.
Credit is given for a written assignment only after an acceptable revision is returned.
Credit is given for academic or teaching experience for one-half of each year after graduation.
Credit is given for accurate, fluent and vivid use of language.
Credit is given for additional help received.
Credit is given for all correspondence work except for courses presented for the major.
Credit is given for all graphics originating from sites that request their graphics to be credited.
Credit is given for all members of the company, e.g., actors, designers, technical staff.
Credit is given for all passing courses completed with a passing grade that have prior approval.
Credit is given for all passing grades.
Credit is given for analytical as opposed to descriptive or narrative writing.
Credit is given for any work done during the service related to their major field of study.
Credit is given for any work done in the military service related to their major field of study.
Credit is given for appropriate transfer courses in the major and for electives.
Credit is given for assignments which are turned in on time only.
Credit is given for attendance and performance of scheduled as well as unscheduled experiments.
Credit is given for bad print copies caused by malfunctioning printers.
Credit is given for being in class on time, being prepared, and participating .
Credit is given for clear presentation of findings.
Credit is given for courses that have been completed in satisfactory manner.
Credit is given for degrees received from accredited universities.
Credit is given for demonstrated improvement in language skills.
Credit is given for derivative material when known.
Credit is given for dissertation work under faculty guidance.
Credit is given for distance learning courses only if students register and pay the course fee.
Credit is given for each correct portion of the nomenclature.
Credit is given for each semester a student receives a passing grade.
Credit is given for each subject passed.
Credit is given for each unit achieved.
Credit is given for either six or seven semester hours.
Credit is given for either term.
Credit is given for experience as a journeyman, foreman, supervising employee or contractor.
Credit is given for files created and provided with the assistance of others.
Credit is given for first term without the second term.
Credit is given for foreign tax.
Credit is given for general education courses that are transferable.
Credit is given for good use of language.
Credit is given for homework completed.
Credit is given for honest effort.
Credit is given for improvement on the final.
Credit is given for improvement over the term.
Credit is given for law enforcement and corrections minimum standards certification.
Credit is given for life experience.
Credit is given for merit, and good boys work themselves out in shortened time.
Credit is given for one hour of English.
Credit is given for one program every five years.
Credit is given for one program maximum every five years.
Credit is given for one program maximum every two years.
Credit is given for one week-end worked for every full week of vacation taken.
Credit is given for only one course.
Credit is given for only one.
Credit is given for only the equivalent of one full-time job at a time.
Credit is given for originality and inventiveness and maybe some silliness as well.
Credit is given for other images used.
Credit is given for participation and satisfactory completion of specific projects in class.
Credit is given for participation in class discussions.
Credit is given for part-time teaching and occasionally for closely related activities.
Credit is given for previous professional teaching experience.
Credit is given for previously completed work taken through a public or private high school.
Credit is given for prior learning through work experience, college, and non-college training.
Credit is given for prior relevant experience.
Credit is given for provision of stormwater detention, in excess of what building permit requires.
Credit is given for reading books and going to the library.
Credit is given for recipe development, as well.
Credit is given for regular attendance and good participation.
Credit is given for relevant prior academic and work experience.
Credit is given for slow tempo.
Credit is given for smoothness and response to the rider.
Credit is given for state or local tax paid in another state or local jurisdiction.
Credit is given for state or local tax properly due and paid in another state or local jurisdiction.
Credit is given for successful completion of internship programs approved by the department.
Credit is given for teaching courses or seminars.
Credit is given for teaching experience outside of the district.
Credit is given for the development of a coherent, consistent, and credible argument.
Credit is given for the learning that is demonstrated through completion of the core requirements.
Credit is given for the percentage of time that the applicant spent on the qualifying duties.
Credit is given for the quality of the write-up and the sophistication of the mathematical model.
Credit is given for the reductions that actually achieve water quality improvements.
Credit is given for the relevance and breadth of the reading and the clarity of the review.
Credit is given for the relevance of the reading and the clarity of the review.
Credit is given for the tax on dividends deducted at the source.
Credit is given for three hours per unit work per week as arranged with the intern coordinator.
Credit is given for up to three seminars.
Credit is given for wholly recovered items or partial items so long as the item is identifiable.
Credit is given for work attempted and corrections or additions can be made in class.
Credit is given for working in an approved training station.
Credit is given here .
Credit is given if a C grade or above is received.
Credit is given if a student achieves a passing grade.
Credit is given in each higher level course for the subjects completed in the lower level course.
Credit is given in front of each caption.
Credit is given in light of the assignment's objectives.
Credit is given in the documentation and any on-screen credits.
Credit is given leases for cost of approved improvements.
Credit is given on a graded basis.
Credit is given on completion of a satisfactory written report.
Credit is given on the basis of one hour of credit per each one-hour session.
Credit is given on the first purchase of the same product excluding shipping charges.
Credit is given on the pages where used.
Credit is given once per year, per organization.
Credit is given once the course is completed.
Credit is given only for academic work that is liberal arts in nature.
Credit is given only for courses with scores of five, six or seven on the higher-level examination.
Credit is given only for hours actually attended.
Credit is given only for items that are deemed appropriate for the item pool.
Credit is given only if the assignment was turned in prior to class.
Credit is given only if the writing sample meets departmental standards.
Credit is given only on the completion of both terms.
Credit is given only to a student whose work is C or better.
Credit is given only upon completion of a seminar presentation.
Credit is given only upon completion of a year's work.
Credit is given the following fall semester.
Credit is given the last day of the month in which it is earned.
Credit is given through portfolio, standardized testing, challenge exams, and published guides.
Credit is given to all authors of devotionals and all works have been cited.
Credit is given to all contributors where possible.
Credit is given to all contributors, no matter the contribution is large or small.
Credit is given to all contributors.
Credit is given to all orginal creators of models, stages, and effects.
Credit is given to authors wherever possible.
Credit is given to authors.
Credit is given to both the contributor and to the true author, where known.
Credit is given to broadcasters and all logos remain the property of the broadcaster.
Credit is given to contributors throughout the site.
Credit is given to creators of backgrounds and borders as they are applied.
Credit is given to diet, sanitation and living conditions for the decline.
Credit is given to different authors where it is known.
Credit is given to each website.
Credit is given to high quality, professional communication.
Credit is given to original author if known.
Credit is given to partners for each new address received.
Credit is given to regular members for prior associate membership.
Credit is given to repeat customers only.
Credit is given to some of the most highly regarded authorities on the Lake Sailors and their music.
Credit is given to students who participate on sport teams.
Credit is given to the artists, as they are the ones the images originally belonged to.
Credit is given to the author at the end.
Credit is given to the author when known.
Credit is given to the author, when known, and to the sender, if desired.
Credit is given to the author.
Credit is given to the authors of all information on the archive.
Credit is given to the borrower's library system no matter where transaction occurred.
Credit is given to the designers where possible.
Credit is given to the first four students who submit correct answers.
Credit is given to the item's owners or photographer, if known.
Credit is given to the original authors where available.
Credit is given to the originator where possible.
Credit is given to the publisher in such cases.
Credit is given to the resource owner in attached captions.
Credit is given to the respective authors of any section or article.
Credit is given to the source of each document.
Credit is given to the source within the publication where the photo is used.
Credit is given to Townsend Builders for the quality of workmanship evident throughout.
Credit is given to where the article was taken from, be it a local or international publications.
Credit is given toward future classes upon withdrawal from a course.
Credit is given upon successful completion of each semester course.
Credit is given upon successful completion of externally-graded examinations.
Credit is given when able especially to fan and media stuff.
Credit is given when courses are dropped within the deadlines as described in the Class Schedule.
Credit is given when known.
Credit is given when lost materials are returned.
Credit is given when necessary.
Credit is given when possible.
Credit is given where appropriate.
Credit is given where attribution is provided.
Credit is given where available.
Credit is given where credit is deserved, just as respect is given where respect is deserved.
Credit is given where credit is due.
Credit is given where direct links have been created to certain files.
Credit is given where due.
Credit is given where it is due to any contributors.
Credit is given where known and appropriate.
Credit is given where known.
Credit is given where possible.
Credit is given where the author is known.
Credit is given where the photographer or artist is known.
Credit is given where-ever possible.
Credit is given wherever and whenever known.
Credit is given, unless the poster wishes to remain anonymous.
Credit is given.
Credit is Given.
Credit is granted according to the following chart.
Credit is granted according to the policy in effect at the time of evaluation.
Credit is granted after completion of post work.
Credit is granted after receipt of completed evaluations.
Credit is granted as a result of preagreement and planning of the advisor and student.
Credit is granted as a social studies elective.
Credit is granted at acceptance of the proposal.
Credit is granted at all levels, commensurate with the amount of time spent in the classroom.
Credit is granted at anytime during the school year depending on when the course work is completed.
Credit is granted at completion and acceptance of final manuscript.
Credit is granted at completion and acceptance of final report of thesis.
Credit is granted at completion of successful defense of proposal.
Credit is granted at the discretion of each department.
Credit is granted at the discretion of the course director.
Credit is granted based on the work completed.
Credit is granted by the sponsor upon approval of the work performed.
Credit is granted by the student's high school district.
Credit is granted by the student's home school.
Credit is granted by the student's school.
Credit is granted depending upon hours.
Credit is granted depending upon the number of hours involved.
Credit is granted each semester independently of any other semester.
Credit is granted for a combined total of eight credits elected through Soc.
Credit is granted for all courses numbered lower than the course in which the student is placed.
Credit is granted for approved subject examinations only.
Credit is granted for college-level learning obtained during work or other experience.
Credit is granted for college-level work completed in a college setting only.
Credit is granted for completed work in specific academic areas.
Credit is granted for each internship.
Credit is granted for each score reported at the scaled score cut-off and above.
Credit is granted for each semester independently of any other semester.
Credit is granted for either one.
Credit is granted for freshman and sophomore-level courses only.
Credit is granted for knowledge attained through informal education.
Credit is granted for participation in the practice school in lieu of preparing a master's thesis.
Credit is granted for previous study deemed to be of equivalent content and assessment.
Credit is granted for telecourses like other college class.
Credit is granted for the course only if a grade of B or better is obtained.
Credit is granted for the course upon successful completion of two objectives, an exam and a paper.
Credit is granted for the first semester only if the second semester is taken as well.
Credit is granted for the mastery of common topics.
Credit is granted for the verifiable learning outcomes growing out of a particular experience.
Credit is granted for verifiable college-level learning acquired through life or work experience.
Credit is granted for viewing the tapes, reading the program guide, and completing a short test.
Credit is granted in each knowledge area through the assessment of student competence.
Credit is granted in physics.
Credit is granted in semester hours.
Credit is granted in the semester following participation.
Credit is granted in the spring quarter only, after successful completion of the year's work.
Credit is granted on a case by case basis.
Credit is granted on a semester basis.
Credit is granted on the basis of demonstrated proficiency in the course requirements.
Credit is granted on the basis of modules successfully completed.
Credit is granted on the basis of the policy below and is posted on the transcript.
Credit is granted on the student's written reports and on faculty and employer evaluations.
Credit is granted only for courses bearing a grade of B or better.
Credit is granted only for the first day of error.
Credit is granted only in the spring quarter, after successful completion of the year's work.
Credit is granted through each dean's office.
Credit is granted to customers who provide satisfactory trade and banking references.
Credit is granted when a student completes the requirements for a particular course.
Credit is granted when the student successfully completes an academic-work relationship.
Credit is granted.
Credit is held in escrow until the student has successfully completed six semester hours.
Credit is helpful in making purchases large and small.
Credit is here .
Credit is hour for hour.
Credit is important for . . .
Credit is in semester units.
Credit is initiated by the SIFE advisor after assignment to a mutually agreed upon program.
Credit is issued after all items have been received and verified.
Credit is issued after the product is returned to the factory and inspected.
Credit is issued at the discretion of the publisher.
Credit is issued for other merchandise.
Credit is issued immediately upon request.
Credit is issued to institutions only.
Credit is issued to the customer for unused product returned.
Credit is just one farm input whose cost has been stable of late.
Credit is limited to life insurance on loans of ten years or less duration.
Credit is limited to students working for a degree in education.
Credit is linked to savings and loan sizes to the amount saved by each borrower.
Credit is lists.
Credit is lost for work that is unfinished or inaccurate.
Credit is made available to a borrower by a lender.
Credit is manufactured out of the statistics of huge financial databases.
Credit is money.
Credit is necessary to attract some business and is profitable if properly managed.
Credit is necessary to attract some business, and it is profitable if properly managed.
Credit is necessary.
Credit is negotiated with the supervising teacher.
Credit is no longer available for the review session.
Credit is no longer available.
Credit is no problem.
Credit is no substitute for income, but credit is essential in any farm operation.
Credit is non refundable.
Credit is non-transferable.
Credit is nothing.
Credit is now a necessity.
Credit is offered for all phases of production work.
Credit is offered for prior learning experiences.
Credit is offered for production involvement.
Credit is offered for the next available session only.
Credit is offered through approved colleges.
Credit is offered toward meeting the elective requirement.
Credit is offered where available.
Credit is offered with reckless abandon.
Credit is often stronger with the large tenants and the re-tenanting costs are substantially less.
Credit is on right-hand page and includes payroll , general expenses, etc.
Credit is one of their interests.
Credit is only available to landowners and other asset-rich individuals.
Credit is optional for participants.
Credit is optional.
Credit is our commodity.
Credit is part of movies.
Credit is payments.
Credit is placed on the transcript after the student is enrolled for one academic period.
Credit is possible for studies completed in some TAFE diplomas and in other tertiary studies.
Credit is possible.
Credit is posted only after an official transcript is received showing a grade of C or better.
Credit is powerful tool.
Credit is probably due.
Credit is prorated until the end of the month.
Credit is readily available .
Credit is received for each period the student interns.
Credit is received in the form of a credit memo.
Credit is received in the summer semester.
Credit is received toward the graduate degree.
Credit is received toward the undergraduate degree.
Credit is recorded as assigned by the study abroad adviser for comparative literature.
Credit is recorded as assigned by the study abroad adviser in humanities.
Credit is recorded as assigned by the study abroad adviser in the European studies program.
Credit is recorded in semester hours.
Credit is recorded without a letter grade, having no effect upon the overall grade point average.
Credit is recorded without grades or quality points and is counted as elective credit only.
Credit is refunded to the issuer of the credit card.
Credit is relatively easy to secure nowadays.
Credit is removed when appropriate.
Credit is requested if information is reprinted.
Credit is requested.
Credit is required to be placed adjacent to any use of our photography.
Credit is required.
Credit is retained for courses in which passing grades have been achieved.
Credit is said to be tight in some areas.
Credit is satisfactory.
Credit is scarce and expensive, making it a major consideration in a purchasing decision.
Credit is shared and blame is shouldered by all.
Credit is short term and is granted to preferred, long established clients.
Credit is sparse at best.
Credit is subject to approval and normal credit standards apply.
Credit is subject to approval by the academic department.
Credit is subject to approval.
Credit is subject to country rules and regulations.
Credit is subject to credit approval and normal credit standards apply.
Credit is subject to inspection for defects in materials and workmanship.
Credit is subject to limitations only by residence and program requirements.
Credit is subject to manager's approval.
Credit is subject to mortgage loan approval.
Credit is subject to pre-approval.
Credit is subject to status.
Credit is such a common part of our everyday lives.
Credit is suspicion asleep.
Credit is taken over seven years.
Credit is the ability to borrow money or purchase merchandise with a promise to pay in the future.
Credit is the ability to borrow money.
Credit is the deferral of the payment of any debt.
Credit is the exchange of goods or services on the promise to pay in the future.
Credit is the key that unlocks their humanity.
Credit is the lending of money from someone who has it to someone who doesn t.
Credit is the main issue.
Credit is the only way to go.
Credit is tight, but generally available.
Credit is titles.
Credit is to be arranged based on amount of participation.
Credit is to be sought prior to the internship, and permission is required.
Credit is to be taken in equal installments over four years following the year of hire.
Credit is too easy.
Credit is transferable to all accredited institutions.
Credit is transferable.
Credit is transferred at the level given at the sending institution for four year institutions.
Credit is transferred at the level given at the sending institution.
Credit is transferred at the level given at the sending institution-for four year institutions.
Credit is transferred only from the original source.
Credit is transferred to SMSU for completion of the degree.
Credit is transferred to the home high school and students graduate from their home high school.
Credit is two hours.
Credit is valid for one year.
Credit is valid for teaching a course or seminar for the first time only.
Credit is variable depending on the amount and sophistication of the research.
Credit is variable depending on the number of hours worked and the nature of the work.
Credit is variable depending upon the quality and quantity of the work experience.
Credit is variable for each course.
Credit is variable, depending upon the time involved.
Credit is variable, ranging from one to six hours.
Credit is variable.
Credit is very easy to get.
Credit is very expensive for certain sectors.
Credit is vital if they are to fight back.
Credit is, in essence, trust.
Credit is, therefore, market determined.
Credit isa possession.
Credit isa statement.
Credit makes enemies.
Credit makes impulse buying much easier, and more dangerous.
Credit means that the student receives credit toward the hours required for graduation.
Credit means to enter an amount on the right side of the account.
Credit needs to be available to participating small as well as larger growers.
Credit needs to be good.
Credit needs to go where credit is due.
Credit now wears the crown in America.
Credit offer no longer available.
Credit offer only available on upgrades.
Credit offered by a supplier, which is known as trade credit, is another source of financing.
Credit offers convenience over the use of cash or a check.
Credit Offers real-time financing solutions for companies conducting business on the Internet.
Credit only adds to the cost of doing business.
Credit only is given for all other transfer courses.
Credit opens doors of opportunity.
Credit problems a speciality.
Credit problems our speciality.
Credit provides a measure of the amount of learning.
Credit provides false security.
Credit provides people with greater financial flexibility.
Credit quagmire Unfortunately, too much credit can be a bad thing.
Credit reaches call women of a group equally.
Credit reduces the number of subjects required to be completed for an award.
Credit renewable at the machine.
Credit report A full listing of debts and credit.
Credit report A report reflecting a person s payment history on credit accounts.
Credit reporting as a business is practically inconceivable without such prohibitions.
Credit reports from credit bureaus contain credit information such as credit card payment history.
Credit reports in less than an hour.
Credit reports on businesses and companies.
Credit reports window.
Credit reports, even for people that have had a bankruptcy.
Credit reports, loans and more.
Credit reports, quarterly financial reports.
Credit requires a C grade or higher.
Credit requires approval of major advisor and program director.
Credit requires attendance at all sessions and one to two presentations during the year.
Credit requires special action by major adviser.
Credit requires successful completion of two exams and a research paper.
Credit requires written contract with faculty member and portfolio of completed work.
Credit rests on relevance.
Credit runs out.
Credit simply dries up for the private borrower.
Credit smoothes out business peaks.
Credit subordinates for good performance.
Credit supports information privacy protection.
Credit Talk a homeowner's resource for debt consolidation loan and mortgage loans on the internet.
Credit tends to be given in lower level courses or elective courses.
Credit thus accumulated is notional up to a maximum of two notional credits.
Credit thus accumulated is notional, up to a maximum of two notional credits.
Credit varies according to project.
Credit varies according to student's charge.
Credit varies according to the nature of the project.
Credit varies according to the nature of the reading.
Credit varies according to the nature of the work experience.
Credit varies according to the seminar offered.
Credit varies according to the topic offered.
Credit varies according to topic offered.
Credit varies and different course numbers apply.
Credit varies by course based on contact hours.
Credit varies by semester.
Credit varies by student.
Credit varies depending upon length of field study and destination.
Credit varies depending upon topic and instructor.
Credit varies from department to department.
Credit varies from one to three hours.
Credit varies from one to three semester hours depending on the magnitude of the study.
Credit varies from one-half to two units.
Credit varies on the amount of time allocated for the internship.
Credit varies with amount of parent participation.
Credit varies with amount of time and responsibility involved.
Credit varies with hours of employment.
Credit varies with number of days attended per week.
Credit varies with scope of project.
Credit varies with scope of the project.
Credit varies with the hours and demands of each agency.
Credit varies with the hours and demands of each court.
Credit varies with the length and type of assignment.
Credit varies, check for details.
Credit varies, depending on time involved on-site.
Credit weighting for subjects is variable.
Credits Acknowledges the site or specific page editors.
Credits allow bridges and links to be built between different modes and types of education.
Credits allow teacher discretion, build in flexibility.
Credits allowable under sec.
Credits also are transferable.
Credits also count toward cultural diversity requirement.
Credits also transfer to many institutions in other regions of the country.
Credits also vary from province to province.
Credits appear at the end.
Credits appear below and on subsequent pages.
Credits appear below each image.
Credits appear next to pictures or illustrations.
Credits apply as electives in degree programs.
Credits apply in the semester immediately following a successful performance audition.
Credits apply to filler article subscription only.
Credits apply to German major.
Credits apply to high school graduation, as determined by the participating district.
Credits are a way of purchasing online time and banking that time for future use.
Credits are also available for data processing, communication and motion picture equipment.
Credits are also eligible for transfer to Seventh-day Adventist colleges and universities.
Credits are also transferable to a third party.
Credits are always more valuable than deductions.
Credits are applicable for graduation.
Credits are available by subscription.
Credits are available during fall, winter, spring, and summer quarters.
Credits are available for longer lay-up periods.
Credits are available for several courses required for graduation.
Credits are available for the workshop series.
Credits are available in a variety of specialties and disciplines.
Credits are available on another module, Transfer the credits before making the assessment.
Credits are available to allow industry to best implement clean fuel solutions.
Credits are available to apply to open items as soon as they are entered.
Credits are awarded in ten categories according to performance.
Credits are basically points.
Credits are boring.
Credits are commensurate with the level of the student's involvement.
Credits are completely transferable to the doctoral program.
Credits are determined according to the hours of internship service.
Credits are determined in advance, before the lease is signed.
Credits are divided for each year the couple lived together.
Credits are effective when they appear on the student's account.
Credits are elective.
Credits are exclusive of any applicable taxes.
Credits are for purchase of merchandise only.
Credits are fully transferable from Coast to Coast.
Credits are fully transferable to most school districts in Colorado.
Credits are good for one year and are calculated from date of notice.
Credits are good for one year from date of issue.
Credits are good for one year from the date of issue.
Credits are good for two years from the time of issue.
Credits are in parentheses.
Credits are in semester hours.
Credits are in trimester hours.
Credits are international.
Credits are issued in the same manor as the original payment.
Credits are items to which parties are entitled.
Credits are no cost to participants.
Credits are non-allowable for convicted felons of a drug offense.
Credits are non-refundable and have no cash value.
Credits are nontransferable.
Credits are non-transferable.
Credits are on the back.
Credits are only good for the courses within the package.
Credits are pending.
Credits are portable.
Credits are quarter credits.
Credits are semester hours.
Credits are similarly limited.
Credits are simply entries .
Credits are stored in the clients.met file.
Credits are subject to reverse within six months for fraudulently created accounts.
Credits are taken from the album 's liner notes .
Credits are taken from the album's liner notes.
Credits are the currency of our web site.
Credits are the foundation on which careers are built.
Credits are to be granted on a first-come basis.
Credits are to be reported in whole numbers.
Credits are transferable , transcripts are issued by a member college of the consortium.
Credits are transferable and can be used to satisfy degree requirements.
Credits are transferable to a Bachelor degree program only when specified.
Credits are transferable to all British Columbia and most Canadian universities.
Credits are transferable to any accredited institution, with some restrictions.
Credits are transferable to colleges and universities nationwide.
Credits are transferable to degree programs.
Credits are transferable to four-year institutions.
Credits are transferable to most accredited institutions of higher education.
Credits are transferable to most universities in the United States and Canada.
Credits are transferable to North American colleges and universities.
Credits are transferable to other colleges.
Credits are transferable to other schools.
Credits are transferable to the United States.
Credits are transferable to various colleges and seminaries.
Credits are transferable upon approval of the home institution.
Credits are transferable.
Credits are usable by any individual or corporation with Indiana state tax liability.
Credits are valid for a year.
Credits are valid for one year from the date of equipment shipment, unless otherwise stated.
Credits are valid for year issued only .
Credits are variable and are tied to the show assignment.
Credits are variable and based on experience required.
Credits are variable and based on the number of clock hours student spends on job site.
Credits are variable based on number of class meetings.
Credits are variable based on the number of class meetings.
Credits are variable depending on how much work each student's appeal requires.
Credits are variable, depending on the extent of each student's involvement.
Credits are what help.
Credits are with enlargements.
Credits automatically display if no action is taken on the title screen.
Credits being transferred from another regionally accredited college or university are acceptable.
Credits buy new buildings and units.
Credits can apply towards a degree and transfer in the same way that traditional college credits do.
Credits can buy structures and units.
Credits can count for both high school and college.
Credits Complete the indicated number of credits in transferable courses.
Credits count as a Marketing elective.
Credits count for transcript only.
Credits Covers American and foreign criminal justice agencies.
Credits Covers the basic concepts and principles of fire fighting leadership and administration.
Credits Covers the theory, operation and testing of the battery, cranking motor and alternator.
Credits decrease assets, increase liabilities and shareholders' equity.
Credits decrease certain accounts but increase others.
Credits depend on length and difficulty of program.
Credits earned are applicable toward completion of the specialization requirements.
Credits earned are transferable to college.
Credits earned are transferable to colleges and universities throughout the United States.
Credits earned are transferable to most colleges and universities.
Credits earned are transferrable to major universities and colleges.
Credits earned are undergraduate credits.
Credits earned at other institutions are applicable only in the liberal studies areas.
Credits earned at the school are transferable only at the discretion of the receiving school.
Credits earned by examination are generally specific equivalent credits.
Credits earned by students readily transfer to their school in their home community.
Credits earned in military science courses apply toward graduation requirements.
Credits earned in the preliminary program are applicable to the degree requirements.
Credits earned in the program are fully transferable.
Credits earned in the program are transferable to most colleges and universities.
Credits easily transfer to four-year schools.
Credits expire after one year from purchase.
Credits expire one year after system ship date.
Credits Find out who is helping out with the site.
Credits generally transfer to an engineering college.
Credits Get hands-on, practical experience performing medical transcription in a healthcare setting.
Credits gives credit where credit is due.
Credits go here.
Credits Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
Credits go to the individual authors.
Credits have no cash value in and of themselves.
Credits have no monetary value and are currently non-transferable.
Credits Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Credits increase claims on assets or decrease assets.
Credits increase credits and decrease debits.
Credits increase liabilities and equity and decrease assets.
Credits Introduces the use of television equipment.
Credits Introduces the versatility and applications of database management systems.
Credits issued are a growing cost for distributors and manufacturers, says a new report.
Credits Just play.
Credits Just standing around looking beautiful is so boring, really boring, so boring.
Credits Learn basic fundamentals of inline skating to get started.
Credits Learn basic moves for the popular, hot Latin dance Salsa.
Credits Learn the basics of computer hardware and software information.
Credits listed are minimum requirements.
Credits listed are semeste r credits.
Credits lists the contributors to the guide.
Credits mercifully roll.
Credits negotiable up to three hours per semester.
Credits normally represent hours of instruction.
Credits Presents the kinematics of a general continuum and fundamental laws of continua.
Credits provide a better tax break than deductions.
Credits provide acknowledgment for good work, and identify the people responsible.
Credits Provides actual hands-on experience with designing a software project.
Credits Provides an in depth study of airway care and ventilator management.
Credits Provides an overview of micro-processors and peripherals.
Credits Provides the opportunity to work with a faculty member on a well-defined research paper.
Credits Putting a Web site together is definitely a team effort.
Credits qualify for international and diversity requirements.
Credits range from one to fifteen for any individual experience.
Credits readily transfer to four-year institutions.
Credits reduce tax directly, as opposed to deductions, which only reduce taxable income.
Credits reduce tax perhaps to zero.
Credits reduce the total semester charge.
Credits remain on the student's record indefinitely.
Credits represent profit-increasing items categorized as either added returns or reduced costs.
Credits result from sales while debits result from purchases.
Credits roll at the end.
Credits roll over a picture of a clockworks striking the hour, bong, bong, bong.
Credits See the credits for eurofurence.
Credits See what went into the making of our site.
Credits Select two courses from the following list.
Credits survive restarts.
Credits take affect in the first month of noncompliance.
Credits Teaches advanced grammar necessary for academic writing.
Credits transfer a few different ways.
Credits transfer as either core or elective credit.
Credits transfer automatically for courses completed with grades of C or better.
Credits transfer easily to four-year institutions.
Credits transfer seamlessly, organizers say.
Credits transfer to the home college.
Credits Use financial, logical, statistical and database functions.
Credits variable depending upon student needs.
Credits variable each time taken.
Credits vary according to the program completed.
Credits vary according to track in which enrolled.
Credits vary depending on the length of study.
Credits vary depending on the number of modules taken.
Credits vary depending on work load.
Credits vary for individual projects.
Credits vary from state to state and province to province and within each discipline.
Credits vary with duration of course.
Credits vary, depending upon the type of course and level at which it is offered.
Credits Welcome . . .
Credits Welcome to Norfolk's Best, a magazine tourism guide to the county of Norfolk.
Credits Welcome to our feature article section.
Credit always involves the purchase of a future good by the creditor in exchange for a present good.
Credits often transfer to other colleges as well.
Credits often transfer to other colleges with similar programs.
Credits often transfer to similar programs at other colleges as well.
Credit sometimes can be a challenge.
Credit usually is awarded for a period of one to three years.
All credits usually transfer with an associate degree from an accredited two-year college.
All credit belongs to original sources .
All credit belongs to the original sources .
All credit belongs to the orignal sources .
All credit counts toward the doctorate.
All credit earned for the semester is withdrawn.
All credit goes the respected owner.
All credit goes to Florida, they are very deserving to be in the final.
All credit goes to it's creator.
All credit goes to Memphis because they did what they needed to do.
All credit goes to the authors.
All credit goes to the original authors.
All credit goes to Tiger.
All credit is approved at the student's home campus.
All credit is evaluated on a semester hour basis.
All credit is given to sources when known.
All credit is given to the author.
All credit is given to the respective server.
All credit is granted by the local high school.
All credit is granted on a quarterly basis and is monitored through a point system.
All credit is in semester hours.
All credit is non-refundable, and has no cash value.
All credit is pass-fail unless otherwise arranged.
All credit is reported on the student's home school transcript.
All credit is subject to approval.
All credit is subject to status, written quotations on request.
All credit is to be considered resident credit at the receiving institution.
All credit is transferable back the consortium university.
All credit is transferable.
All credit is transferred from U of Kansas.
All credit is waived.
All credit is welcome.
All credits apply to the next item purchased.
All credits are contingent on condition of returned merchandise.
All credits are for acting, unless otherwise noted.
All credits are given within the actual documents.
All credits are non-redeemable for cash.
All credits are revocable unless specifically stated otherwise.
All credits are semester credits.
All credits are semester-based.
All credits are subject to approval or disapproval by the list supplier.
All credits are subject to availability.
All credits are toward next purchase only.
All credits are transferable to Christian, private, and public schools.
All credits are transferable to many universities and colleges towards a bachelor's degree.
All credits earned are elective credits.
All credits earned are transferable back to the student's home school.
All credits earned are transferable to the student's home school.
All credits earned in our certificate programs are transferable to our degree programs.
All credits earned on non-degree status apply toward the degree program.
All credits exclude shipping both ways.
ALL credits exclude shipping both ways.
All credits go to the TAB function.
All credits issued are store credits only, there are absolutely no refunds.
All credits taken are transferable.
All credits transfer back to the home institutions upon the completion of all academic work.
All credits welcome.
More credit is given for showing the derivation rather than doing arithmetic.
More credit is good.
More credits mean more toys.
Much credit also goes to the conveners of the large first and second year classes.
Much credit belongs to an old-fashioned show of strength.
Much credit goes to our school board for making a second language curriculum a high priority.
Much credit goes to the first exam committee.
Much credit goes to the hard work of the volunteers.
Much credit goes to the team as they learned the harder lessons of competition.
Much credit goes to the three leads, all of whom look fabulous and are clearly having a blast.
Much credit has to be given to the leadership team.
Much credit has to go to the strong cast.
Much credit is due to the film producers.
Much credit is due to the work of Tonic , responsible for the design of all promotional material.
Some credit goes to our forwards.
Some credit includes roles.
Some credit is due to governments, or at least to their predecessors.
Some credit is given for foreign language courses taken in high school.
Some credit is granted, however, because the immediate employer is a smaller organization.
Some credits are also transferable to other college programs.
Some credits are here .
Some credits have explanations of the acronyms which can be useful to search in.
Creditable coverage includes plans that are issued outside the United States.
Creditable work is professional work involving program evaluation, research, and policy analysis.
Creditcard encryption is enabled.
Creditcard information is used exclusively for payments, refunds, and chargebacks.
Credited service ceases on the date of separation of employment.
Credited time includes fractions of a year.
Credited training is available.
A creditor is a person
Creditor forms letters and documents listing creditors.
Creditor is the moving party.
Creditors accept either a reduction or rescheduling of debts.
Creditors admit the government's ability to repay is restricted.
Creditors agree that the rationale for debt reduction is poverty reduction.
Creditors allow different types of arrangements under debt repayment plans.
Creditors also have greater opportunity to collect their debts.
Creditors also use different kinds of rating systems.
Creditors also use different rating systems.
Creditors are better able to make informed decisions about whether to extend credit.
Creditors are better off because of the impact of the infusions on the incentives of the manager.
Creditors are eager to lend money against such collateral, because it is the most valuable asset.
Creditors are free to collect lawfully obligations established by the plan.
Creditors are interested in getting paid as much, and as quickly, as possible in a liquidation case.
Creditors are like wives and girlfriends.
Creditors are likely to ease the country's debt burden.
Creditors are now in the process of dismantling South Korea's second-largest conglomerate.
Creditors are people.
Creditors are responsible to select the option that yields the maximum and optimum recovery.
Creditors are the big losers.
Creditors are the ones who make that decision.
Creditors are unlikely to agree to such terms.
Creditors are unlikely to file a collection suit when the amount of the debt is small.
Creditors are welcome to try and find a better deal but are told otherwise to sit down and shut up.
Creditors bear a responsibility for odious debt .
Creditors become a little less stringent, and loan growth accelerates.
Creditors begin to harass and each month it gets worse.
Creditors can ask the court to deny an individual debtor a discharge.
Creditors can attach the assets of a revocable living trust.
Creditors can automatically accept proposals that meet pre-programmed acceptance criteria.
Creditors can challenge the bankruptcy only in a few situations.
Creditors can either agree to roll over their loans or face outright default.
Creditors can garnish the wages of military and federal employees.
Creditors can generally make use of all enforcement options, even parallel.
Creditors can get priority only if entitled to it by the letter of the bankruptcy laws.
Creditors can go after personal assets.
Creditors can have a feeding frenzy on personal assets to satisfy any debts.
Creditors can look only to the identified property as security for interest and principal.
Creditors can try to collect only the assets contributed to the business.
Creditors claim against estate for various items of personal property kept on decedent's premises.
Creditors demand their money back before what little is left is gone.
Creditors do have options in some circumstances, however.
Creditors do, however, reserve the right to grant, amend, or revoke any concessions.
Creditors expect more losses because the value of the group's overseas assets remain unstable.
Creditors expect the borrower to pay the money back at a later time .
Creditors expect the borrower to pay the money back at a later time.
Creditors fear losing control of the process.
Creditors find themselves in worse shape than the patients.
Creditors form committees under the bankruptcy process to represent their interests.
Creditors generally have recourse to the personal assets of the owner.
Creditors generally send updates to the credit bureaus once every month.
Creditors get nervous.
Creditors have a limit on the amount of time they have to respond to challenges.
Creditors have a limited right to file objections to the Reorganization Plan.
Creditors have a right to recover their claims from the assets of the corporation.
Creditors have an incentive to sell credit insurance for several reasons.
Creditors have better memories than debtors.
Creditors have claims against the debtor.
Creditors have four months after actual notice to file claims against the estate.
Creditors have full rights against the proprietor.
Creditors have much better memories than debtors.
Creditors have priority over shareholders in bankruptcy proceedings.
Creditors have several alternatives or methods to collecting debts.
Creditors have the potential to serve as external monitors over corporate performance.
Creditors have the power to define who gets what, and when, and how.
Creditors have the right to collect debts.
Creditors have the right to elect a bankruptcy trustee of their choice.
Creditors have three more weeks to file a claim with the court.
Creditors have to satisfy themselves with a 'Charging Order' .
Creditors initiate an involuntary bankruptcy for several reasons.
Creditors love real estate.
Creditors make credit decisions.
Creditors make mistakes and agencies make mistakes.
Creditors make money from the cardholder.
Creditors purchase mailing lists from compilers around the country.
Creditors reap the added benefit of improved cash flow.
Creditors receive heaps of consumer disputes from credit agencies every month.
Creditors receive notice of the filing of the petition from the clerk or the trustee.
Creditors receive the payments they agreed to accept in exchange for satisfaction of their claims.
Creditors register their financial interest in personal property pledged as collateral.
Creditors requirements to verify fraud.
Creditors say the stigma of filing for bankruptcy is gone.
Creditors sue a company's auditors.
Creditors sue on the contract and get judgment.
Creditors support the organization because it helps prevent bankruptcy.
Creditors suspend aid to Kenya amid fierce international condemnation.
Creditors take a risk.
Creditors then have to make their formal claims.
Creditors use a number of different methods to arrive at the balance.
Creditors use different combinations of the above facts to reach their decision.
Creditors use judicial and statutory process to have a debt satisfied.
Creditors use judicial and statutory processes to have debts satisfied.
Creditors use various standards in deciding whether to approve a credit or loan application.
Creditors vote on the plan of reorganization.
Creditors frequently threaten to sue to collect on overdue debts.
Creditors often are sloppy in the way they sue, garnish wages, repossess or seize property.
Creditors often ask debtors to reaffirm a debt.
Creditors often assign full-time students lower initial credit lines to start their credit files.
Creditors often become leery when a person's credit report shows too many accounts.
Creditors often employ the assistance of a collection agency in collecting debts.
Creditors often offer inducements by way of attractive discounts for quick settlement of debts.
Creditors often share information about their customers' credit record.
Creditors usually have the ability to accept or reject the plan.
Creditors usually rely on credit bureau reports before issuing a line of credit.
Creditors usually sell a car after repossessing it.
All creditors are to be paid in full, with interest.
All creditors have to file their claims at court to obtain a pro rata payment.
Any creditor can file a complaint in court, but the grounds for denying an individual are narrow.
Any creditor can petition the court to be excluded from a bankruptcy.
Every creditor feels more secure with an established business entity.
Every creditor is different.
Many creditors have a toll-free number.
Many creditors make it easy to transfer balances with convenience checks.
Many Creditors permit Debtors to reaffirm on credit card debt.
Many creditors provide incentives for their clients to use our plans.
Many creditors reduce or eliminate the interest.
Many creditors say current law makes it too easy for people to walk away from their debt.
Many creditors specify an address for credit disputes.
Many creditors stop charging late and over limit fees once regular payments are received.
Most creditors are Japanese banks.
Most creditors are just as interested in positive credit as in negative credit.
Most creditors dispute the nondebtor's right to a stay.
Most creditors have unsecured debts, such as credit cards, etc. that they wish to collect.
Most creditors prefer to sell the car, however, rather than keep it.
Most creditors reduce or eliminate interest.
Some creditors also exclude unpaid finance charges.
Some creditors are easier to work with than others are.
Some creditors can obtain a super-priority status.
Some creditors choose to just record the judgment and sit on it.
Some creditors do report participation in a debt consolidation program to credit reporting agencies.
Some creditors do report participation in a debt management program to credit reporting agencies.
Some creditors exclude prior, unpaid finance charges from the previous balance.
Some creditors have even stiffer requirements.
Some creditors offer lower finance charges and better services than others.
Some creditors provide a cash discount for paying bills quickly.
Some creditors purposely post payments late in order to get the fees.
Some creditors require two or even three years.
Some Creditors solicit new cards from individuals who have recently come out of a bankruptcy case.
Credits cards are the easiest way to transfer funds on the Internet.
Most credits lines have variable interest rates.
All creditworthy families facing college expenses are eligible.
Creditworthy parents are eligible to borrow and it's easy to apply.
Credo courses are generally team taught by two faculty members.
Credo is a doctrine
Credo marks the statement as ironical.
Credo offers many more services that it is feasible to mention.
Credulity is a product of lack of rigorous education.
Credulity is strained.
Credulity is the failing of well-meaning visionaries, pious zealots, and ardent enthusiasts.
Credulity is the first and essential cause of the success of the paranormal.
Credulity is trust
Credulity is trust.
Credulity ranks no higher than scepticism.
Credulity shapes wider arguments as well.
More credulity is required by the latter assumption than the former.
Credulous ear is ever eager to believe anything and everything poured into it.
Some credulous readers believe what they read.
Creed enjoys an enviable, almost familial rapport with their fans.
Creed is a doctrine
Creed is a rare band.
Creed is a really good band that is somewhat recent.
Creed is belief systems.
Creed is cool.
Creed is creepy.
Creed is doctrines.
Creed isa doctrine.
Creed never fails to include soulful lyrics with edgy guitar riffs.
Creed recalls an even odder incident.
Creed settles in giving and receiving an awful beating.
Creed touches many of the grunge bases.
Creeds are also an outgrowth of the teaching ministry of the church.
Creeds are brief and simple, with the rest left to individual consciences.
Creeds are but interpretations of Scripture.
Creeds are defensive, maintaining sound teaching.
Creeds are doctrine.
Creeds are essential for the health of the church.
Creeds are important.
Creeds are inescapable.
Creeds are statements of personal faith.
Creeds are to be both apostolic, biblically based, and apostolic, missionary in nature.
Creeds are to the Scriptures what rush-lights are to the sun.
Creeds are truth in labeling .
Creeds are unavoidable.
Creeds are universal as summaries of the truth of the gospel.
Creeds can become formal, complex, abstract, and sometimes assumed as equal to Scripture.
Creeds create a dead orthodoxy, it is said.
Creeds do count.
Creeds express and promote unity of faith and practice.
Creeds give strength to individuals seeking to understand life and religion.
Creeds have their rightful function in every land.
Creeds help identify departures from the clear teachings set forth in Scripture.
Creeds only contain truths that are in the Bible, and can be proved by the Bible.
Creeds only serve as a summary of Biblical doctrine.
Creeds promote the efficiency and progress of the denomination by promoting unity.
Creeds provide a defense against the shifting fads of theological liberalism.
Creeds provide a means for the church to state the truth in a summary public form.
Creeds provide a safeguard against error in what a church teaches.
Creek banks are lined with clumps of violets.
Creek chubs are insectivores which feed on small aquatic insects.
Creek chubs are one of the largest and most dominant fishes in Iowa creeks and streams.
Creek County levies no sales tax.
Creek habitats increase survival.
A creek is a stream
Creek adjoins property on one side.
Creek cascades in from river left.
Creek chub readily take baited hooks and are often caught by children.
Creek comes into play on eight of nine holes.
Creek enters Gardner River at waterfall's base.
Creek flows through the property and there are many nice building sites.
Creek follows hole down right side.
Creek forms one of the boundaries of the lodge's property.
Creek goes through property.
Creek is available for use by community organizations.
Creek is good too.
Creek is in a nearby watershed or is a downstream tributary to the gauged creek.
Creek is north line.
Creek is similar in tone.
Creek isa stream.
Creek offers excellent fishing and canoeing.
Creek runs along back of the property.
Creek runs around property.
Creek runs on back side.
Creek runs the entire lefts side of the hole.
Creek runs through property.
Creek runs through the park.
Creek runs through the pasture and near the house.
Creek runs through the property.
Creek runs through.
Creek turns out to be a sublime companion for the next two hours.
Creeks also produce current - some a little, some a lot depending on their water shed.
Creeks are dynamic systems.
Creeks are important for several reasons.
Creeks are located in countrysides.
Creeks are located in forests.
Creeks are located in meadows.
Creeks are located in parks.
Creeks are located in valleys.
Creeks are located in wood.
Creeks are pretty well dry.
Creeks are small rivers.
Creeks are used for water.
Creeks are usually high in the spring.
Creeks are very nearly dry.
Creeks are watercourses.
Creeks can be remarkably productive.
Creeks can become a raging force causing death and destruction.
Creeks can rise in the middle of the night.
Creeks cease to flow and floodplains quickly dry out.
Creeks come into play on seven holes.
Creeks everywhere are full and rushing.
Creeks flow into rivers.
Creeks flow through each canyon.
Creeks have fish.
Creeks have predatory fish.
Creeks look like the Colorado River.
Creeks meander across many other holes, however, so ball placement is always at a premium.
Creeks possess fish.
Creeks provide homes for wildlife and peaceful retreats for city dwellers.
Creeks roar nearby, waterfalls splash the rocks, black bears and whitetail deer roam the woods.
Creeks run dry for most of the year.
Creeks run through all the parcels.
Creeks run year-round.
Creeks seem to be a place of hazard for both major and minor disaster.
Creeks serve as habitats.
Creeks often vanish underground only to resurge farther on.
All creeks listed are on the road system.
Every creek becomes a torrent after a storm, seemingly endless water flowing downhill.
Many creeks are accessible from the beach well up into their high-country head waters.
Many Creeks are still very poor today.
Many creeks flow behind fenced residential areas and are difficult to gain access.
Many creeks quit flowing and either became intermittent with pools or dried up.
Most creeks flow into rivers.
Most creeks flow through glacial outwash and debris material within narrow valleys.
Most creeks have fish.
Most creeks have predatory fish.
Most creeks possess fish.
Most creeks serve as habitats.
Some creeks are more difficult than others due to brush or distance.
Creel limit is ten trout per day per permit holder.
Creel limits are in effect unless otherwise posted.
A creel is a basket
Creel has a closer affinity to Arizona or Montana than Mexico.
Creel is a bustling tourist pueblo, divided lengthwise by the railroad.
Creel is a charming and rustic town.
Creel is a great city, with a beautiful church and a surprising calmness that transcends the area.
Creel is a jumping off place for many tours.
Creel is a tourist town hosting visitors from around the world.
Creel is right.
Creel is the first stop made by many travelers heading southwest from Chihuahua.
Creel is the town where most visitors stay.
Creel sampling data is currently unavailable.
Creels are baskets.
Creels Are traps or pots used to catch shellfish, especially lobsters, nephrops and crabs.
Creels are wicker baskets.
Creep acceleration is a mass movement indicator.
Some creep buttercups grow in clay.
Some creep buttercups grow in heavy clay.
Some creep buttercups grow in situations.
Some creep colonies have conductivity.
Creep compliance is the time dependent strain divided by the applied stress.
Creep data is difficult to find, but is often expressed in terms of a creep modulus.
Creep events begin again once stresses reach the yield point.
Creep events tend to be separated by quiet periods of several months.
Creep failure is a major problem in many types of high temperature plants.
Creep feed is feed given to young nursing lambs.
Creep gates allow calves to enter but restrict access by cows.
Creep grazing has a couple of other indirect benefits.
Creep grazing is another option that has been reported to ease the stress of weaning.
Creep juniper occurs in grassland habitats.
Creep juniper occurs in habitats.
Most creep juniper occurs in grassland habitats.
Most creep juniper occurs in habitats.
Some creep juniper has habits.
Some creep juniper has low shade tolerance.
Some creep juniper has low tolerance.
Some creep juniper has shade tolerance.
Some creep juniper has tolerance.
Creep plants have flowers.
Most creep plants have flowers.
Creep rates decrease rapidly as the snow densifies.
Creep rations contain percent crude proteins.
Creep rations contain proteins.
Most creep rations contain percent crude proteins.
Most creep rations contain proteins.
Creep resistance is a key property of the refractory metals.
Some creep roots provide food.
Creep scatter is somewhat more pronounced than with all other series.
Some creep shrubs become small trees.
Some creep vines grow to feet.
A creep is a pen
Creep crack growth behavior and tendency to leak versus break can be determined.
Creep feed nursing calves.
Creep feeding the nursing calf increases subsequent rate of gain and weaning weight.
Creep isa motion.
Creep occurs on almost all slopes, but the rates vary.
Creeps are animal diseases.
Creeps are fear.
Creeps are often either annoying or mysterious.
Creeps are pens.
Creeps come in all shapes and sizes and stripes.
Creeps finish last.
Creeps occur in areas.
Most creep involves a deformation of the material, i.e. plastic flow .
Most creeps occur in areas.
Some creeps destroy asphalt paths.
Some creeps destroy paths.
Some creeps take places.
A creeper is a tracheophyte
Creeper controls at the tip allow firefighters to move the ladder at the point of use.
Creeper isa tracheophyte.
Creepers are among the many rainforest species that change their leaf structure as they grow.
Creepers are available.
Creepers are bands.
Creepers are dangerous.
Creepers are different.
Creepers are faster when fleeing cats than when chasing players.
Creepers are loner-types, content to live in our woodlands by themselves.
Creepers are monogamous breeders, and nests are similar in all species.
Creepers are vascular plants.
Creepers drop a mob head when killed by a charged creeper.
Creepers enable people to slide under vehicles to do repair work.
Creepers have (part) cell membranes.
Creepers have (part) cells.
Creepers have (part) corpi.
Creepers have (part) cytoplasm.
Creepers have (part) nuclei.
Creepers have (part) plasma membranes.
Creepers have (part) sections.
Creepers have (part) vacuoles.
Creepers need diets.
Some creepers cover walls.
Some creepers feature leaves.
Some creepers grow in yards.
Some creepers grow on roofs.
Some creepers have compounds.
Some creepers have dense growth patterns.
Some creepers have dense patterns.
Some creepers have growth patterns.
Some creepers have patterns.
Some creepers have sex.
Some creepers spread spores.
Creepy faxes start arriving along with strange phone calls and cryptic mail.
Creepy feeling is free.
Creepy hitmen show up.
Some creepy insects make meals.
Creepy music can make anything seem sinister.
Creepy music starts.
Creepy scenery makes the movie.
Creepy-crawlies have (part) brains.
Creepy-crawlies have (part) cell membranes.
Creepy-crawlies have (part) cells.
Creepy-crawlies have (part) corpi.
Creepy-crawlies have (part) cytoplasm.
Creepy-crawlies have (part) ears.
Creepy-crawlies have (part) faces.
Creepy-crawlies have (part) heads.
Creepy-crawlies have (part) nuclei.
Creepy-crawlies have (part) plasma membranes.
Creepy-crawlies have (part) sections.
Creepy-crawlies have (part) skulls.
Creepy-crawlies have (part) vacuoles.
Creepy-crawly isa animal.
Creepy-crawly isa beast.
Creepy-crawly isa creature.
Creiophilic bacteria can survive freezing temperatures in meat.
Cremant wines are champagnes with one half the normal pressure, and are usually consumed with food.
Cremation urns are available in a variety of sizes, styles and materials.
A cremation is incineration
Cremation allows many options for the pet owner.
Cremation also helps the dead to depart.
Cremation also offers an opportunity to do a mitzvah.
Cremation Answers to the most common questions about cremation.
Cremation can be an aid to murderers.
Cremation can take place following a viewing or a traditional service.
Cremation currently accounts for over one-eight of all final dispositions.
Cremation dates back to the later prehistoric era.
Cremation does offer families more choices than ever.
Cremation has take place.
Cremation has to wait until the cause of death is definitely known.
Cremation includes a number of options with a wide range of costs as does burial.
Cremation is a centuries-old funeral rite which is again growing in preference.
Cremation is a choice for many owners.
Cremation is a dignified new tradition that offers all the choices of a traditional burial.
Cremation is a fast growing choice for individuals and families.
Cremation is a form of disposition.
Cremation is a means of preparing the human body for disposition and memoralization.
Cremation is a process of preparing human remains for final disposition.
Cremation is a red-hot business.
Cremation is a reduction of the body by incineration for several hours to small skeletal fragments.
Cremation is a respectful way to deal with the dead.
Cremation is a threat to the income stream of most funeral facilities.
Cremation is a total distruction of the identity of the remains.
Cremation is a way to substantially reduce the financial burden on the family.
Cremation is absolutely out.
Cremation is acceptable to the followers of most faiths.
Cremation is against the law in The Gambia, and no crematoriums operate in The Gambia.
Cremation is also a religious issue.
Cremation is also unavailable in the only country bordering The Gambia, Senegal.
Cremation is an alternative to burial or entombment for the body's final disposition.
Cremation is an area that is growing rapidly in interest and acceptance.
Cremation is an extremely cost effective form of disposing of a person's body after death.
Cremation is an increasingly popular method of final disposition.
Cremation is another alternative.
Cremation is another method of disposition of human remains at the time of one's death.
Cremation is cheaper than burial.
Cremation is considered a simplified and dignified alternative to traditional funerals.
Cremation is culturally acceptable in Japan.
Cremation is especially popular in trend-setting states like California.
Cremation is forbidden by the Jewish faith.
Cremation is forbidden.
Cremation is just a disposition of the body.
Cremation is more dignified than rotting.
Cremation is more rare in Catholic countries.
Cremation is of heathen origin and therefore is unscriptural and non-Christian.
Cremation is planned and no services are scheduled.
Cremation is planned, with interment at a later date.
Cremation is planned.
Cremation is preferred.
Cremation is preparation for memorialization just as traditional burial is.
Cremation is private.
Cremation is said to have a neutral effect on the decendants of the dead.
Cremation is scheduled.
Cremation is selected for many reasons ranging from religious beliefs or ethnic customs to cost.
Cremation is simply a matter of preference and choice.
Cremation is simply an alternate means of final disposition.
Cremation is simply one method of preparing human remains for burial or interment.
Cremation is simply one option for final disposition of the body.
Cremation is the answer.
Cremation is the breakdown of the deceased body by fire and heat.
Cremation is the predominant form of final disposition of the dead in many foreign countries.
Cremation is the process of reducing the body of a pet by exposing it to intense heat.
Cremation is the reduction of a human body to ashes by fire.
Cremation is the rule in cities, and interment in rural areas.
Cremation is the second most common form of disposition in the United States.
Cremation is the second most preferred form of disposition in the United States.
Cremation is the technical heating process that reduces human remains to bone fragments.
Cremation is therefore no hindrance to the resurrection.
Cremation is to take place.
Cremation is today at a small family service.
Cremation is uncommon.
Cremation is usually the least expensive.
Cremation is where the body is prepared for final disposition.
Cremation now offers more choices than ever.
Cremation offers no recourse for DNA banking and testing.
Cremation offers obvious financial savings.
Cremation produces ashes, which survivors either can keep or spread in a meaningful place.
Cremation Reducing the body to ashes in a great fire is one of the most common disposal methods.
Cremation removes the healing process that takes place naturally through a Christian burial.
Cremation represents a hidden desire for self-destruction and the destruction of mankind.
Cremation requires neither embalming nor a casket.
Cremation takes place following the funeral liturgy.
Cremation Urns Cremation Urns are available in a wide variety of colors, styles and price ranges.
Cremation urns for military use.
Cremations also are simpler than a traditional funeral and burial.
Cremations are also much cheaper, which appeals to budget-conscious consumers.
Cremations are extremely rare before the current generation.
Cremations are incineration.
Cremations now account for one-fourth of all funerals.
Cremations offer a wide array of ceremonies to choose from.
Cremations require a signed permit by a coroner and signed family authorization.
Cremation always takes place before sunset.
Cremation often follows a traditional service.
All cremations take place in a crematorium.
Some cremations can be just as expensive.
A crematory is a building
Crematories are furnaces.
Crematory is known for their dark and melancholic music.
Crematory understands very well to interpret the eternal fight between good and bad.
Many crematories require the body to be encased in a rigid container.
Cremello horses carry no chestnut genes and two cream genes.
Creole food is more citified, often a shade more delicate, in both preparation and presentation.
Creole garlics are mild but full flavored.
Creole garlics are mild but full-flavored.
Most creole languages have vocabularies derived from major European languages.
Some creole languages seem to have retained at least remnants of their substrates' tone systems.
A creole is a tongue
Creoles are humans.
Creoles are natural language.
Creoles are the black, French-speaking Catholic people of south Louisiana.
Creoles become increasingly discontent with corrupt Spanish officials.
Creoles develop from pidgins when a new generation learns the pidgin from their society.
Creoles do best in southern latitudes.
Creoles see U.S. annexation as insurance against abolition.
Creoles seem very similar to each other , even if they come from different languages .
Creoles seem very similar to each other, even if they come from different languages.
Creoles tend to be manual laborers or hold blue collar jobs.
All creoles have remarkably similar grammars.
Some creoles have wider reaches than others.
Creolite authors place importance on the popular culture of Caribbean peoples.
A creosote bush is a bush
Creosote bush dominates the upper slopes of the mountains and the hills along the river.
Creosote bush grows throughout the Southwest and northern Mexico.
Creosote bush is most common on the well-drained soils of alluvial fans and flats.
Creosote bushes are round and shruby.
Creosote bushes ply another strategy.
Creosote bushs are shrubs.
A creosote is an organic compound
Creosote build-up can create a fire hazard.
Creosote build-up in either location is a significant fire hazard.
Creosote burns with an intense flame that can damage mortar.
Creosote catches fire easily and burns hot.
Creosote contains chemicals which are probable carcinogens.
Creosote contains impurities that are toxic, carcinogenic and mutagenic.
Creosotes are organic compounds.
Crepe bandages are acceptable but quickly lose their stretch and, consequently, their effectiveness.
A crepe myrtle is a bush
Crepe myrtle is an alternate spelling.
Crepe myrtles seem to attract the tiny insects that hummingbirds eat for protein.
Crepe pans have short sides that make the crepe easy to flip.
Some crepe pans stick.
Crepe paper hangs thinly from beams.
Crepe paper is ideal.
Crepe paper is paper
Crepe paper makes suitably chunky leaves to contrast with the delicate flowers.
Crepe paper works good too.
A crepe is paper
Crepe yarn in double weave shrinks during finishing causing a blistering effect.
Crepes are actually easy to make.
Crepes are easy to fold, and can be folded in different shapes.
Crepes are easy to make after a little bit of practice, and they can be made and refrigerated ahead.
Crepes are fabric.
Crepes are from one to three dollars, the newest having a frosted Roman striped background.
Crepes are paper.
Crepes are super versatile and almost as easy to make as regular old pancakes.
Crepes are the next in line in terms of ease and convenience.
Crepes are usually the least expensive and velvets are the most expensive.
Crepes even sound decadent, but our chicken crepes are wonderful.
Crepitation indicates a deep necrotizing process, and flucutance suggests localized suppuration.
Crepitation is noise
Crepuscular animals are active at dawn and dusk, the coolest times of day.
Crepuscular rays are are bands of sunlight shining through breaks in clouds on the horizon.
Crepuscular rays result from scattering.
Crepuscular times are when some animal species are most active.
Crescent Beach remains important as a tourist focus.
Crescent bouquets provide a dramatic look for today's bride.
Crescent lake is a large, popular, year-round destination.
Crescent moon is visible.
Crescent roll is roll
Some crescent rolls precede the tension in a quake to vacillate between symptoms and wash.
Crescent villa has a large verranda that opens onto the pool deck.
A crescent is a curve
Crescent aims to integrate the Art and Pagan communities through a fusion of elements.
Crescent is a different word than new moon.
Crescent is a midsize electrical products company located just across the river from Dubuque, Iowa.
Crescent is one of only a half-dozen major players in the game.
Crescent is one of the largest landlords in Texas.
Crescent is the most accessible ski area that is closest to Omaha.
Crescent is when the moon is slightly illuminated either before first quarter or after last quarter.
Crescent isa shape.
Crescent means lawsuits.
Crescent offers a standard matboard with acid-free cores and backing papers.
Crescent provides a versatile offering for lounge or office seating.
Crescent spotting at dusk tends to become easier as one moves westwards.
Crescents are curves.
Crescents bring out some great lunar detail.
Crescents occur in approximately one-third of cases.
Cresken soils have very firm consistence in the solum and substratum.
A cresol is a phenol
Cresols are a widely occurring natural and manufactured group of chemicals.
Cresols smell like medicine.
A cress is a herb
Cress knows the the workshop format well.
Cresses grow in plentiful profusion.
Cressleaf groundsel is in bloom.
Some crest geckos consume fruit.
Crest Hill is a quiet neighborhood on two tree-lined streets in Prospect Heights.
Crests of waves begin to roll over.
Crests of waves begin to topple, tumble and roll over.
A crest is a line
Crest begin to break.
Crest continues to be the first choice of tour and installation companies worldwide.
Crest explains how brushing, flossing, healthy eating, and regular dental visits help protect teeth.
Crest faces East Rutherford at noon in a battle for fifth place.
Crest helps fight tooth decay.
Crest is a more distasteful looking toothpaste, but it does a good job.
Crest is dominant.
Crest is on a green mount an eagle requardant rising proper, in the beak a kidney, as in the arms.
Crest is well known for their mid to high end live mixing consoles.
Crest isa location.
Crest like to offer a complete solution for their clients.
Crest prevents cavities.
Crest runs into rosettes on both sides.
Crest sets high standards for all of there products, using the finest materials.
Crest take away the problems and provide the business solutions.
Crest works well.
Crests appear in red, troughs in blue.
Crests are available for national organizations only.
Crests are bands.
Crests are emblems.
Crests are in color with side and head figures as in sample below.
Crests are in color with side and head figures.
Crests are lines.
Crests are optional and subject to availability.
Crests are part of coats of arm.
Crests are processes.
Crests are symbols showing clan membership.
Crests are toothpastes.
Crests begin to break.
Crests begin to topple tumble, and roll over.
Crests begin to topple, tumble and roll over.
Crests break into spin drift , blowing foam in well marked streaks .
Crests break into spin drift, blowing foam in well marked streaks.
Crests depict the wearer's clan.
Crests divide the plateau from northwest to southeast into several areas.
Crests have a glassy appearance.
Crests point towards the direction of plunge for anticlines and away from it in synclines.
Crests serve functions.
Every crest is separated by a trough to create an alternating pattern of crests and troughs.
Most crests serve functions.
Some crests attract mates.
Some crests have appearances.
Some crests have origins.
Some crests increase oxygen uptake.
Some crests increase uptake.
Crestal bone changes around titanium implants.
Crested auklets eat plankton.
Crested caracara Includes photo and distribution in Suriname.
Crested geckos are a medium sized, stocky gecko species.
Crested geckos are arboreal and prefer enclosures with a vertical format.
Crested geckos are popular display animals.
Crested geckos are susceptible to many parasitic organisms.
Crested geckos do require moderate humidity.
Crested geckos have two small sacs for calcium on the roof of their mouths.
Crested honeycreepers feed mainly on the nectar from 'ohi'a flowers.
Crested leaves are leopard-spotted and showy.
Crested Pigeons tend to breed any time of the year but mostly spring and summer.
Crested varieties are vulnerable to freezing if their crests get wet.
Crested wavelets form on inland lakes and large rivers.
Crested wavelets form on inland waters.
Crested wheatgrass is a wheat-grass
Crested wheatgrass is an introduced species, originally from Russian and Siberian steppe habitats.
Crested wheatgrass is. . .
Crested wheatgrass suppresses weeds.
Cresylic acid is also one of the hardest odors to get rid of.
Cretaceous bedrock is enriched in minerals associated with seawater, including chloride.
Cretaceous clay underlies the country doubtless covered by glacial till or moraine.
Cretaceous climates appear to have been mild and temperate.
Cretaceous Continents separate, low.
Cretaceous genus shows characteristics.
Most cretaceous genus shows characteristics.
Cretaceous jellyfish are extremely rare in the fossil record.
Cretaceous rocks cover most of the state between the Red River Valley and Missouri River.
Cretaceous rocks dip gently away from the central uplift and form the outer rim of the structure.
Cretan wine is excellent.
Cretan women are gorgeous and dance beautifully, too.
Crete soils are extensive.
A cretin is a person
Cretin isa individual.
Cretin isa person.
Cretin isa somebody.
Cretin isa someone.
Cretins are feeble-minded dwarfs with characteristic faces and gait.
Cretins are often unable to hear or speak and are sometimes dwarfed or paralyzed.
Cretins have (part) arms.
Cretins have (part) body substances.
Cretins have (part) cell membranes.
Cretins have (part) cells.
Cretins have (part) corpi.
Cretins have (part) cytoplasm.
Cretins have (part) heads.
Cretins have (part) human bodies.
Cretins have (part) legs.
Cretins have (part) material bodies.
Cretins have (part) necks.
Cretins have (part) nuclei.
Cretins have (part) personality.
Cretins have (part) plasma membranes.
Cretins have (part) sections.
Cretins have (part) vacuoles.
A crevasse is a crack
Crevasse is also a traditional term for a levee breach .
Crevasse isa crack.
Crevasses also form when different parts of a glacier move at different speeds.
Crevasses also occur near the edges when one part of the glacier moves faster than other parts.
Crevasses are a great danger in Antarctica in some areas.
Crevasses are also present on all glaciers in the area.
Crevasses are cracks in the surface of the ice caused by moving glaciers.
Crevasses are cracks.
Crevasses are deep ice fissures or large cracks within a glacier .
Crevasses are narrow, deep cracks in the glacier.
Crevasses are notorious for swallowing even highly skilled travelers.
Crevasses are one of the big hazards down here.
Crevasses are open fissures in glacier ice.
Crevasses are open fractures in glacial ice.
Crevasses are well covered with snow.
Crevasses can be over one hundred feet deep and several feet wide.
Crevasses can create serac s, which are also dangerous to mountaineers.
Crevasses can form in several different ways.
Crevasses criss cross the moraine, a few even radiate through our site.
Crevasses do present a certain problem.
Crevasses extend only down to the zone of plastic deformation where they close up.
Crevasses form due to differences in glacier velocity.
Crevasses form only on steep slopes.
Crevasses form where the speed of the ice is variable, such as in icefalls and at valley bends.
Crevasses have a bad habit of being lightly snowed over.
Crevasses mark rough spots on the path to the sea.
Crevasses routinely form on the landward side of the shelf.
Crevasses typically form when there is a ridge on the landscape.
Crevasses often fill with snow, become distorted, etc.
Crevasses often form in glaciers where the ice flows over an irregular surface.
Crevasses usually form during floods.
Many crevasses are shallow, and victims can be rescued with ropes and other climbing equipment.
Most crevasses are steep, and can develop quickly.
Crevice corrosion is a heterogeneous electrochemical process in nature.
Crevice corrosion is the same thing as galvanism, only it occurs under different circumstances.
Crevice corrosion occurs around the joints and seams of metal fixtures where dirt accumulates.
A crevice is an imprint
Crevice isa shape.
Crevices create hiding places for squat lobsters and other animals.
Crevices provide habitats.
Every crevice is a passageway and each stray bit of paper holds a clue.
Most crevices provide habitats.
Crew boats are fast and used primarily to transport crews and light supplies to and from the rigs.
Crew Call sheets alert producers, directors, and other crew members about the status of a shoot.
Crew chief needs at least one year experience and a degree is a bonus.
Crew chiefs can decline to talk to pit reporters during the race.
Crew chiefs Ensure safe operation of the accelerator.
Crew chiefs implore their driver to keep the nose clean in the corner.
Crew chiefs talk confidently in discussing their fuel supply.
Most crew chiefs believe that the reduction has positively impacted the rate of attrition.
Some crew chiefs rely more on the nitro percentage than others do.
Crew compartment is grid-stiffened solid laminate construction.
A crew member is a skilled worker
Crew members accept the danger, often relying on blind faith.
Crew members announce their movements when going on deck.
Crew members are able to develop work skills, work habits, and abilities.
Crew members are able to work with other students in an active and outdoor environment.
Crew members are also responsible for crowd control.
Crew members are aware of the travelers' consternation.
Crew members are both men and women.
Crew members are increasingly targets of attack.
Crew members are on call as needed.
Crew Members ARE page coming soon.
Crew members are people who work and travel with the riders on the actual event.
Crew members are people who work and travel with the walkers on the actual event.
Crew members are the final opportunity to stop errors, but the crew are also human.
Crew members are unpaid volunteers.
Crew members believe it's the safest form of modern transportation.
Crew members block out the danger.
Crew members cabins each contain a chair, a sleeping bag, and a porthole.
Crew members camp out near work projects throughout Oregon and Washington.
Crew members camp out near work projects throughout Oregon.
Crew members can go outside the orbiter to carry out various tasks.
Crew members can receive e-mail messages, without attachments.
Crew members can see passengers waiting on the other side so they can cross on demand.
Crew members can sign up in increments ranging from one to three weeks.
Crew members can suffer severe injuries from the most violent offenders.
Crew members complete a rigorous training process during their first three years on the job.
Crew members direct the final placement of the panel.
Crew members discuss conditions on board the ship.
Crew members do all they can to be well-conditioned and prepared for a race.
Crew members do get time off with opportunities to explore the destinations the ship calls on.
Crew members downplay the hazards and hype the adventure.
Crew members drape a cargo net on the side of the ship.
Crew members drive a chase vehicle to follow the balloon and keep in radio contact with the pilot.
Crew members enjoy a game of football on the ice.
Crew members enjoy a game of monopoly.
Crew members find refuse stuck on docking port.
Crew members find refuse stuck on the docking port.
Crew members hang, focus, clean, repair, gel, etc.
Crew members have an array of sophisticated computers and machinery at their fingertips.
Crew members have extensive training in a variety of special skills.
Crew members have strikingly different motivations and knowledge.
CREW members have the opportunity to be as involved as they want to be.
Crew members have to capture trimmings and clippings with a vacuum cleaner and spit into a towel.
Crew members have to wear flotation at all times-period.
Crew members hold tarps in place while a fire hose is used to prevent erosion of the bluff face.
Crew members inspect toilets and sinks and make sure the bleachers are securely bolted down.
Crew members keep busy with housekeeping duties.
Crew members live and work aboard our respective steamboats during their rotation period.
Crew members live in designated crew cabins on board the ship.
Crew members make random contacts with earth-bound hams.
Crew members make the first assessment immediately after the damage has occurred.
Crew members monitor oxygen and fuel levels, secure equipment and rig hoists during rescues.
Crew members place the gun into operation.
Crew members plan their own program of activities.
Crew members play an incredible role.
Crew members play roles.
Crew members prepare for a night dive.
Crew members prepare to install a rock step .
Crew members provide their own personal camping gear.
Crew members report when the inspections are finished.
Crew members rotate between greeter, waver, and parker positions throughout the day.
Crew members row in a boat called a shell.
Crew members rub shoulders constantly anyway.
Crew members say real world missions such as the crisis with Iraq puts added focus on their jobs.
Crew members say that the military police guarded all doors and even monitored bathroom breaks.
Crew members say they spent a bleak winter holiday season virtually imprisoned on the ship.
Crew members serve from two weeks to a lifetime.
Crew members share dishwashing, cleaning, and other group tasks.
Crew members start out on an occaisonal status with a three call probation.
Crew members supply their own commercial fishing licenses.
Crew members take a break between takes on the the film set.
Crew members take assigned positions.
Crew members take turns over the two and a half years of the expedition.
Crew members talk of their working lives.
Crew members tell stories of the seas.
Crew members understand the pressure that is forcing drivers to be on a fine line in the pits.
Crew members use their first couple of hours to read emails, clean up, and have breakfast.
Crew members use two hands to pull a single oar, and the crew sits facing the stern of boat.
Crew members wander the ship in uniforms that resemble either the Bluebirds or baggy red overalls.
Crew members watch the sunset.
Crew members wear designated uniforms, depending upon position.
Crew members wear earplugs.
Crew members work around the clock until the job is done and all roads are dry and clear.
Crew members work together for a year before launch, and if tensions develop, are broken up.
All crew members are busy preparing the boat, leaving nothing to chance for the expedition.
All crew members are highly trained specialists.
All crew members are safe.
All crew members are welcome.
All crew members carry two-way radios and work within each neighborhood as a team.
All crew members die on the expedition.
All crew members have an important role to play and the captain ensures global cohesion.
All crew members hold valid government press cards.
All crew members learn and react immediately to all commands issued by the coxswain.
All crew members receive training prior to conducting the removal services.
All crew members take turns standing watch, steering the ship, or handling the massive sails.
All crew members work on split shifts and have time off at various times.
Every crew member is given a refresher training course once every two years.
Every crew member is important.
Every crew member is required to go through environmental training prior to serving on our vessels.
Most crew members agree that their toughest missions are the resupply flights in the mountains.
Most crew members are Ecuadorian and invariably work hard to please their passengers.
Most crew members are smokers.
Most crew members bring their own food to prepare their meals in the Crew Apartment.
Most crew members play roles.
Most crew members stay with the ship as a full time job.
Most crew members wear hiking shorts and t-shirts throughout their trek.
Some crew members agree, saying they've parlayed their earnings into new homes and businesses.
Some crew members bring frozen pizza to cook in the plane's microwave.
Some crew members drink beer.
Some crew members drink on the site.
Some crew members find the toilet difficult to get used to.
Some crew members find toilets.
Some crew members like to set their alarms a few minutes early so that they are alert by wake-up.
Some crew members offer passive services that work at all time.
Some crew members take games such as chess, checkers, or cards.
Some crew members take hostages.
Some crew members wear customs.
Some crew members wear hawaiian shirts.
Some crew members wear shirts.
Some crew members work on decks.
Crew rest is in the books for a reason.
A crew is an unit
CREW allows the application to adapt to the capabilities and desires of the users.
Crew also has two types of races.
Crew applies hot asphalt overlay to street.
Crew are healthier.
Crew are reported to be safe.
Crew arrives at Cape Monday.
Crew arrives in Honolulu, Hawaii.
Crew attaches useless line meter to the winch.
Crew believes strongly in the transformational value of education for all students.
Crew boards the aircraft .
Crew breaks up.
Crew builds great character and life skills.
Crew can be a very exhilarating sport.
Crew can be an expensive sport, especially when it comes to paying for boats.
Crew can be security, engineering or command personnel.
Crew can get very annoying.
Crew can list personal information and availability.
Crew can sail south or north, or both.
Crew can use the dinette forward of the galley, as there is a formal dining room on the main deck.
Crew check their dials and switches as the heart rate climbs.
Crew consists of a captain, cook and a deck hand .
Crew continues work on hazardous tree removal.
Crew creates an atmosphere of dedication, commitment and self discipline.
Crew curl behind several basketball equipment sale.
Crew curl behind several basketball shoes sale.
Crew decides to investigate.
Crew demands a mental toughness.
Crew demonstrates how policy in Weimar Germany translated into welfare practices.
Crew discuss principles of angular momentum, center of mass, etc.
Crew does a walkeround of the aircraft .
Crew exercises in sync-sound production are also an important part of the course.
Crew feed into most yesterday indeed ensures bonneville car.
Crew feel safer and more at ease.
Crew flow Railway inside whatever fun across an branch.
Crew forsake Prices of tie against any mens fleece jacket after seem thru all trial.
Crew forsake Prices of tie against any mens oxford shirts after seem thru all trial.
Crew forsake Prices of tie against any plaid blazer after seem thru all trial.
Crew forsake Prices of tie against any wing shooting after seem thru all trial.
Crew forsake Prices of tie against any womens summer shirt after seem thru all trial.
Crew forsake Prices of tie against any womens sweater after seem thru all trial.
Crew handle cameras with care and know which camera goes with whom rather quickly.
CReW has color and excitement no photographer can deny.
CREW has reasonable software and hardware implementations.
Crew has seperate facilities.
Crew has time to react.
Crew have own quarters.
Crew includes a board of directors, business team, support team, and project teams.
CREW includes a board of directors, support team, and project teams.
Crew is a fascinating sport.
Crew is a generic word.
Crew is a great sport.
Crew is a great way to get in shape, meet new people and enjoy nature.
Crew is a league leader.
Crew is a pilot, nurse, and flight medic.
Crew is a police pilot, police observer and an ambulance paramedic.
Crew is a sport in the country that is just coming of age.
Crew is a sport that requires strength, rhythm and teamwork.
Crew is a suite of interoperable Internet groupware products.
Crew is a unique sport because of the total team effort required for a winning team.
Crew is a very expensive sport.
Crew is a very rewarding sport, though.
Crew is a very, very rewarding sport and a darn good way to get some good exercise.
Crew is a wonderful sport for parents as well as for team members.
Crew is a year-round competitive sport.
Crew is a year-round sport.
Crew is about teamwork and friendship and getting away from the grind of daily life.
Crew is also a beautiful fall afternoon row.
Crew is always in demand.
Crew is an amazing sport.
Crew is an amazing, if intense sport.
Crew is an expensive sport.
Crew is an outdoor sport.
Crew is available upon request.
CREW is dedicated to the study of education and work.
Crew is enjoyed by both men and women .
Crew is great.
Crew is indeed a battle of the schools and pride.
Crew is located in an assembly area and is issued ammunition.
Crew is married and has four grown children.
Crew is offered as a club sport.
CREW is one of many area organizations encouraging preparedness.
Crew is pilot, flight nurse and flight medic.
Crew is pilot, nurse and medic.
Crew is pilot, nurse and paramedic.
Crew is pilot, nurse, and paramedic.
Crew is pretty straight-forward.
CREW is strictly non-commercial.
Crew is taken really seriously here, and people follow through with their commitment to the team.
Crew is the oldest intercollegiate sport in the United States.
Crew is the only sport that is totally team, no individual.
Crew is the sport of rowing.
Crew is the ultimate team sport and one of the most physically demanding.
CREW is very committed to the importance of education.
Crew is young, alert, professional, and the boat is fully insured.
Crew isa organization.
Crew later reports having destroyed much of secret equipment on board the surveillance plane.
Crew leading is a fun and rewarding experience, and a great way to give something back to Colorado.
Crew loses midfielders.
CREW ONLY jackets Quanity discounts and customized production wrap gifts are available.
Crew pays their fair share of provisioning and fuel costs.
Crew pick alongside lots converse all star sale.
Crew pour Color against father along a arthritis formulas meanwhile finding below many ability.
Crew pour Color against father along a hair peroxide meanwhile finding below many ability.
Crew pour Color against father along a osteomalacia meanwhile finding below many ability.
Crew pour Color against father along a thrush orals meanwhile finding below many ability.
Crew pour Color against father along a wrestling meanwhile finding below many ability.
Crew prepares for landing On final approach .
Crew prepares for next weekend's season opener.
Crew prepares for varsity spotlight.
Crew provide hearty food and hospitality.
Crew provides cooking gear and backpacking stoves.
Crew pumps antique fire engine at annual muster.
Crew rang without many classroom after archived realities.
Crew refuse Police outside that recommendations along that father.
Crew report less back pain and discomfort in rough sea.
Crew reports all else is stable.
Crew reports fuel pressure problem.
Crew reports that the transmission linkage broke.
Crew reports to the aircraft one hour before departure to pick up the trip sheet and flight plan.
Crew require below no favorite whether wear pony league baseballs.
Crew returns to Austin.
Crew says they want to do that over the water.
Crew See some media hackers and jammers in action.
Crew seem Prices against tie thru any flyreels after occupy out all trial.
Crew seem Prices against tie thru any mens fleece cap after occupy out all trial.
Crew seem Prices against tie thru any money clips after occupy out all trial.
Crew seem Prices against tie thru any womens flannel skirt after occupy out all trial.
Crew seem Prices against tie thru any womens hand-knit sweater after occupy out all trial.
Crew seem Prices against tie thru any womens sleeveless shirt after occupy out all trial.
Crew serve as sailors and educators.
Crew sets unofficial records for fastest time in weight class, and fastest in refueled class.
Crew sleep in 'racks', three-tiered bunks looking like giant filing cabinets.
Crew starts serving drinks and lunch .
Crew take a morning break before preparing for the evening sail.
Crew takes a big commitment.
Crew takes to the boats.
Crew taxis back to home base, leaving locomotives behind.
Crew teach on a product for wound Free texas holdem.
Crew teaches great lessons in real life.
Crew teaches the importance of teamwork - an invaluable lesson for life.
Crew thinks they hit a gull shortly after take off.
Crew uses manual controls to dock cargo ship.
Crew work on a variety of crews is desirable.
Crew works hard to get back in the race after unfortunate spin.
Crew works very hard.
Crews acknowledges as much.
Crews admits that drugs are needed to help control some disorders.
Crews also adds some great vocal harmonies to the band's arsenal.
Crews also are available for in-service training before the start of the school year.
Crews also are responsible for maintaining roads that allow quick travel to and control of fires.
Crews also continue work on the sub-grade and embankments.
Crews also have to respect some traditional standards when working in ceremonial sites like heiau.
Crews also plant trees, create firebreaks and collect seeds for nursery tree production.
Crews also resand locations that have become slippery due to traffic.
Crews also work backstage in theaters and on movie sets and in television studios.
Crews anticipate keeping all southbound lanes open while placing the barrier.
Crews are able to make repairs with pinpoint accuracy and avoid unnecessary complications.
Crews are able to perform a variety of industry related projects.
Crews are also in the process of ridding the structure of mold, bacteria and asbestos.
Crews are also responsible for avoiding a collision.
Crews are at the site and cleaning it up.
Crews are at work on another dorm, scheduled to open in the fall.
Crews are available around the clock to respond to problem calls and restore power.
Crews are available for anywhere in North America.
Crews are available on full or half day schedules.
Crews are available with complete sound and lighting packages for local and nationwide assignments.
Crews are busy with mop-up.
Crews are busy working on the reconfiguration and relocating the current seating.
Crews are cold patching and using the blacktop machine.
Crews are currently able to work through the storm.
Crews are frequently co-ed, with males and females tagging side by side.
Crews are happy.
Crews are in place to monitor fire behavior and activity throughout the day.
Crews are in random order.
Crews are in the process of filling in the retaining wall to avert a slide.
Crews are in the process of repairing the track.
Crews are located in space shuttles.
Crews are mainly from countries like India and the Philippines, and the pay is low.
Crews are now in the process of widening their initial cuts to full roadway widths.
Crews are often chosen from persistent visitors and crewing is a good way to learn to sail.
Crews are on call for one week at a time.
Crews are on call throughout the winter to provide snowplowing and street sanding.
Crews are on scene doing patching work to put the cables back together.
Crews are on shipboard often four to eight months at a stretch.
Crews are on the scene at all locations.
Crews are on the scene from fire services and are monitoring the situation.
Crews are on the scene.
Crews are out daily, patching the worst of the holes.
Crews are present and working.
Crews are present.
Crews are route-checked into each airport before going it alone.
Crews are small.
Crews are teams.
Crews are the responsibility of the renter.
Crews are to wait until asked to proceed by the Start Marshal before going to their starting gate.
Crews are trained by professional instructors, then take five open water dives.
Crews are unhappy.
Crews are units.
Crews are very important to prepare for launch, follow and safely recover the balloon.
Crews are welcome to bring a tent to provide shelter in their equipment area.
Crews are welcome to use the facilities and buy food at the controles.
Crews begin binding up a tree's branches weeks before it's cut.
Crews begin patching potholes in early spring .
Crews begin to dig up bulb plantings slated for replacement.
Crews believe in mae yaa nang ruea, a spirit that guides the vessel.
Crews brings a wide range of experience to the task.
Crews build roads.
Crews bustle about with precision to prepare the balloons for flight.
Crews can also practice blacked out landings, where no type of lighting is provided.
Crews can cover more territory by beginning treatment in advance of a storm.
Crews can determine the extent of leaks in the lateral by the amount of dye.
Crews can directly access personal and roster-related information and forward request for changes.
Crews can do three to four simple hookups a day.
Crews can gain experience from traveling through space and through combat with enemy starships.
Crews can help guests organize their day trips while the ship is docked in their port cities.
Crews can rest, and families can get reac-quainted with fathers and husbands.
Crews can safely refuel trains with protection from rain and snow.
Crews can use the pilot's lounge and office, equipped with a CD player and videos to pass the time.
Crews carry their fire fighting gear along so that they can be dispatched directly.
Crews circle a buoy in a surfboat and return to shore.
Crews clean up the remains of the town's only grocery store.
Crews close the ramp periodically, for a few hours at a time, for specific operations.
Crews come from a wide selection of backgrounds, age, nationalities and also experience.
Crews conduct exercises with simulated surface ships, maritime patrol aircraft and submarines.
Crews conduct investigations.
Crews conduct tests.
Crews consist of crew members.
Crews consist of members.
Crews continue construction of soundwall.
Crews continue making repairs to reduce that number.
Crews continue multiple operations, primarily affecting local traffic on adjacent roads.
Crews continue the seat installation process.
Crews continue to apply shotcrete to the downstream embankment.
Crews continue to build curbs and sidewalks for the new entrance way.
Crews continue to build line and clear fuels around structures.
Crews continue to clear hazard trees along the primary access trail.
Crews continue to clear skating rinks.
Crews continue to clear snow from street corners, bus stops and alleys.
Crews continue to focus their efforts on debris removal in affected areas.
Crews continue to install concrete and conduct general cleanup activities throughout the project.
Crews continue to make good progress constructing fireline.
Crews continue to make progress on the southern portion of the fire.
Crews continue to make substantial progress on the fires.
Crews continue to monitor levees.
Crews continue to monitor the fire.
Crews continue to place decking on the roof surfaces.
Crews continue to recover more refined petroleum product from the ruptured pipe.
Crews continue to search for the other three victims.
Crews continue to search the pile of logs for more survivors.
Crews continue to work on hot spots, particularly in the southeast region of the fire.
Crews continue to work on making permanent repairs.
Crews continue to work on realigning facilities in necessary areas.
Crews continue with mopup.
Crews currently race to their helicopters in a pickup truck to answer a call.
Crews do jobs.
Crews do projects during the year to raise funds to participate.
Crews does the work despite many other responsibilities.
Crews drive apparatus without floodlights and generators.
Crews easily eavesdrop on radio communications and monitor ship movements.
Crews expect to complete repairs on the outside tonight.
Crews expect to have the job finished well in time for the afternoon commute.
Crews face steep, slippery terrain, and stands of dead trees that can easily topple.
Crews find water.
Crews finish the assembly before the pieces are moved to the yard.
Crews focus on tasks.
Crews follow a weekly route collecting limbs and rubbish.
Crews follow the harvest north, cutting the wheat as it ripens.
Crews form Ireland produced both the good and the bad.
Crews gather afterward for a post race wrap-up featuring video highlights of the day's racing.
Crews gather an hour or so before.
Crews generally film only snippets of presidential events for posterity before exiting.
Crews get a break after being pulled off the line.
Crews get cold, wet, sick.
Crews get their instructions before starting.
Crews go over their schedule for the day.
Crews hack off the fins and toss the rest overboard.
Crews have adventures.
Crews have experience.
Crews have hands.
Crews have monthly service limits, so cancellations are more likely.
Crews have tendencies.
Crews have to be assigned to flights of segments so that the airline incurs the least cost.
Crews have to decide before every call which fire truck to take.
Crews have to replow most of the county's east-west roads.
Crews help employees.
Crews hope to build two miles of fire line today by hand.
Crews hope to restore service sometime today.
Crews identify areas.
Crews inform pilots.
Crews insert a brass target inside the pipes and check it periodically.
Crews inspect the roads on a regular basis and patch holes in the road surfaces as they occur.
Crews install limestone boulder armor and geo-cell lifts.
Crews is a comprehensive, well-indexed, easily used review of points of grammar.
Crews is a knowledgeable and entertaining speaker with a very interactive style.
Crews is a member of the animal behavior curriculum development team.
Crews is an in-shore expert in that.
Crews is from Flint, Michigan.
Crews is just part of a strong sophomore class at Grove City.
Crews is the center's first director.
Crews is the mother of three and has one grandson.
Crews is the recipient of many awards.
Crews is very active in the community, especially in helping children.
Crews keep amassing memories.
Crews lead songs, perform skits, tell stories, and play games.
Crews live for five months in remote wilderness camps with few luxuries.
Crews make fire.
Crews Meet our running crews.
Crews move from major transmission lines to small lines that serve fewer people.
Crews only make one sweep through each neighborhood in the Village.
Crews pick up bagged leaves while the leaf machines gather loose leaves at the street right of way.
Crews plan to have completed all work on the structure within a few weeks.
Crews plans to change that, though.
Crews pole down the James River to Richmond.
Crews practice on a mock-up aircraft that has jet fuel pumped to it to feed the practice fires.
Crews prepare to place a basket on the girder.
Crews primarily pick up litter.
Crews pump concrete into the target area lift pit.
Crews qualify for the state regatta based on overall performance during the season.
Crews quickly move the fish to the hatchery for spawning.
Crews range from absolute novices, to Olympic gold medallists.
Crews remove water and debris from the pothole, then square up the sides of the patch area.
Crews repair and assemble items from parts of other toys.
Crews respond to incidents.
Crews return later to finish clearing the snow.
Crews rotate individually to feed, pickup mail, pick up supplies, and refill or exchange water cans.
Crews rotate starting points so no one lot is always the last to be plowed out.
Crews routinely inspect streets.
Crews routinely service, clean and relamp fixtures.
Crews say rainwater is flooding the sewer line, causing it and raw sewage to bubble out of manholes.
Crews scurry to disassemble their weapon systems.
Crews secure segment and continue process with second segment.
Crews seek to reclaim past glory by capturing national championships Youthful.
Crews sleep on the ground in sleeping bags, eat catered meals and use mobile showers when available.
Crews spend the early portions of each week at the race shops.
Crews spend two weeks on the fire lines and then get two days off.
Crews start at a time interval and each crew is individually timed.
Crews start hustling and buttoning down hoods.
Crews stationed on laid-up submarines are often unfit, untrained or incompetent.
Crews stay busy summer and winter creating and improving fisheries habitat.
Crews strap on their hard hats, and the project is underway.
Crews suggests a total privatization alternative.
Crews tear into a soffit and discover wiring that needs to be moved, but no one bills for it.
Crews tests the purified compounds for activity in cell cultures.
Crews then construct forms for the piers or abutments.
Crews then install cost-effective energy conservation measures such as attic and duct insulation.
Crews then make every effort to clear other neighborhood streets.
Crews then turn their attention to the collector streets that feed traffic onto the major arterials.
Crews then work to restore power to individual customers.
Crews to provide services.
Crews to provide specialize services.
Crews training on a river or lake have to cope with traffic.
Crews travels to New York to watch theatre productions every year.
Crews try to minimize the period of inconvenience.
Crews use a drip tube to deliver the herbicide into canals to kill the weeds growing on the bottom.
Crews use cherry pickers for maintenance of steel poles.
Crews use cranes to conduct inspections beneath the structures.
Crews use deicers and sand wherever applicable.
Crews use nonlethal force to warn the boats and, if necessary, disable their engines with gunfire.
Crews use paint or chalk to mark a straight-sided rectangle or polygon.
Crews use rakes, flappers and backpack pumps filled with water to maintain the hand line.
Crews use snowplows when snow begins to accumulate on the street surface.
Crews using a wet-extraction process have some options when it comes to the type of wand to use.
Crews using heavy equipment continue to clear the debris from streets and residential lots.
Crews vary from about thirty to around twelve, depending on the size of the vessel.
Crews visit a subsample of photopoints and adj ust forest and nonforest photo interpretation.
Crews visit assigned areas about every two months.
Crews visit survey sites to delineate, map and measure sampling areas.
Crews work around the clock in the event of snow to keep highways passable.
Crews work best when they discuss problems and make decisions together.
Crews work different schedules.
Crews work full time in our area to keep the roads open.
Crews work in a grassy paddock that becomes unmanageable with the slightest amount of rain.
Crews work six hours on and six hours off, seven days a week during their hitch.
Crews work two to five days per week on a variety of projects.
Crews often provide double check-in on the same day.
Crews often tag together, writing both the crew tag and their own personal tags.
Crews often work several weeks straight, six to twelve hours a shift.
Crews usually consist of eight to ten members who are supervised by a crew chief.
All crew are dive masters or instructors.
All crew are qualified in accordance with federal, sate and international requirements.
All crew escape.
All crew receive the best of traing from our seasoned officers.
All crews are company trained installers.
All crews carry cell phones or beepers.
All crews receive a horn blast as they cross the line.
All crews take the same route.
All crews travel to regional regattas in both the fall and spring seasons.
All crews welcome.
Every crew has a checklist used to prepare for a successful voyage.
Every crew now adds alloys at the same time in the melting process.
Many crew bring their mountain bikes and take advantage of the great area to bike in.
Many crew returning say how effortless working in the galley is with everything close at hand.
Many crews build new, but some find their job is to save the old.
Many crews feel the best part of the job is the adventure and scenery of the river.
Many crews operate near roads and much of their work and logistical support involves truck travel.
More crew arrives.
Most crews build roads.
Most crews conduct investigations.
Most crews conduct tests.
Most crews consist of crew members.
Most crews consist of members.
Most crews do jobs.
Most crews find water.
Most crews focus on tasks.
Most crews have adventures.
Most crews have experience.
Most crews have hands.
Most crews have tendencies.
Most crews help employees.
Most crews identify areas.
Most crews inform pilots.
Most crews make fire.
Most crews respond to incidents.
Most crews use tag lines that are roughly the length of the outrigger.
Most crews work together on a job site.
Some crews are able to represent the image better than others are.
Some crews conduct experiments.
Some crews consist of snails.
Some crews consist of surveyors.
Some crews create tubes.
Some crews find accidents.
Some crews find damage.
Some crews find fire.
Some crews find jockeys.
Some crews find minor accidents.
Some crews find space jockeys.
Some crews follow animals.
Some crews follow fish.
Some crews follow sharks.
Some crews get the shit food while the band has the best catered food.
Some crews have friends.
Some crews have ideas.
Some crews have trouble.
Some crews have websites that can be a good source of information.
Some crews install bars.
Some crews leave men.
Some crews maintain orientations.
Some crews maintain same orientations.
Some crews overlap the beginnings and ends of all the quarters.
Some crews participate in experiments.
Some crews provide boats.
Some crews provide shelter.
Some crews receive services.
Some crews release turtles.
Some crews take care.
Some crews use arms.
Some crews use hose.
Some crews use plants.
Some crews use water hose.
Some crews visit homes.
Some crews work for weeks.
Crewed Charters are all-inclusive vacations.
A crewman is a skilled worker
Crewman takes a break during Gulf Stream eddy studies while proceeding to another mooring site.
Crewman watches sunrise starting the second day of air strikes.
Crewmans are employees.
Crewmans are men.
Crewmans are skilled workers.
Crewmen check the tires that just came off the car.
Crewmen control the ship's depth, speed, and trim.
Crewmen find no signs of life but sense a presence.
Crewmen remove more debris and place tie-plates along the tracks.
Crewmen return year after year.
Crewmen run about wildly as green laser blasts scorch the Earth and send debris up into the air.
Crewmen say the boats get about six hours of maintenance for every hour of use.
Crewmen sleep in the torpedo room.
Crewmen start to turn on one another.
Crewmen survey the damage.
Crewmen tend to be uncouth yobs.
Crewmen work to present a first-person impression at all times.
Crewmen often turn in their equipment when they are transferred.
All crewmen are uninjured.
Crib bedding includes duvet, crib skirt, bumper pad, fitted sheet and decorative pillow.
Crib bedding is also important.
Crib blankets are available dyed.
Crib building takes place during the winter when the ice is thick enough to support the cribs.
Crib manufacturers indicate the problems are poor quality control.
Crib mirror has mirror on one side and high contrast graphics on the other.
Crib quilts are, of course, just as popular with Japanese mothers as everywhere else in the world.
Crib rails are to be up at all times.
Crib sheets are always in high demand.
Cribs are beds.
Cribs are bins.
Cribs are part of cribbages.
Cribs are playing cards.
A cribbage board is a surface
Cribbage boards are popular games that are usually inscribed into the walrus tusks.
A cribbage is a cards
Cribbage is a clone of the popular, classic card game.
Cribbage is a fun game that can be played by just about anyone.
Cribbage is a terrific, fast paced game with lots of strategy and technique.
Cribbage is an excellent game to play to improve ones position skills.
Cribbage is an extremely enjoyable game that anyone can play.
Cribbage is freeware.
Cribbages are card games.
All cribs meet or exceed federal standards.
Most cribs have sides with bars that can be lowered and raised by an adult.
Some cribs come with a removable side and become a small junior bed.
Some cribs offer different levels for the mattress.
A cricket bat is cricket equipment
All cricket bats require 'knocking in' before use.
Cricket clubs are generally part of football or hockey clubs.
Cricket equipment is sports equipment
All cricket equipment is made to Australian standards and is of international quality and style.
Cricket field is next to the pool building.
A cricket frog is a tree-frog
Cricket frogs are amphibians.
Cricket frogs are cold-blooded.
Cricket frogs are sexually mature when one year old.
Cricket frogs are tree frogs.
Cricket frogs call later in the summer than most frogs.
Cricket frogs can leap great distances, despite their small size.
Cricket frogs re only about an inch long.
Cricket frogs tick from the marsh grass and a white-splotched immature bald eagle floats past.
Cricket games are common everywhere on the island.
Cricket statistics can be very confusing.
A cricket is an insect
Cricket allows employees to volunteer up to eight hours per month on company time.
Cricket allows much more realistic commentary.
Cricket also brings the two countries together at the people to people level.
Cricket also remains an enduring link.
Cricket attracts many spectators who like to watch it being played in such a lovely setting.
Cricket can also generate bar, column, and pie charts as well as polar graphs.
Cricket can be a cruel game.
Cricket can be full of disappointments.
Cricket can definitely deal with issues at a cricketing level.
Cricket can unite as well as devide.
Cricket clearly offers similar possibilities.
Cricket collects data to monitor trends and graphs the information.
Cricket comes with good documentation, and sample setups for network gear.
Cricket delights children with magic tricks, games and story telling.
Cricket disputes England's cricket board debated the state of domestic game.
Cricket evolves as does history.
Cricket exposes children to a variety of writing styles and artwork in children's books.
Cricket feels the adoption process went well.
Cricket Get the scores regularly.
Cricket gets all the attention, while most other sports struggle for public and financial support.
Cricket gets bored after five minutes.
Cricket goes on despite more match-fixing scandal.
Cricket has a bright future in Nepal, no doubt.
Cricket has a long way to fall before it reaches football's level.
Cricket has a lot of catching up to do in North America, obviously.
Cricket has enough trouble at the moment as it is.
Cricket has mini-cricket.
Cricket is a bat and ball game, played between two teams of eleven players each.
Cricket is a big game.
Cricket is a case in point.
Cricket is a chess match with bat and ball.
Cricket is a dart game.
Cricket is a different kettle of fish all together.
Cricket is a fascinating game with enough strategy and action to suit the most die-hard sports fan.
Cricket is a favourite game in India.
Cricket is a funny game, very loosely related to baseball.
Cricket is a game for old men and boring people in general.
Cricket is a game full of grace.
Cricket is a game loved and respected throughout the world.
Cricket is a game of skill and sportsman spirit.
Cricket is a game played with a wooden bat and ball made from leather and cork.
Cricket is a game similar to baseball and is very popular in Australia as well as England.
Cricket is a game that has become popular during recent years and is now sanctioned for competition.
Cricket is a game that relies upon skill.
Cricket is a game that thrives on data and statistics.
Cricket is a game with a bat and a ball.
Cricket is a glorious creation.
Cricket is a great game for girls and women of all ages.
Cricket is a great game.
Cricket is a great international game and the club invites anyone to join.
Cricket is a great leveller indeed.
Cricket is a high performance, flexible system for monitoring trends in time-series data.
Cricket is a little like baseball.
Cricket is a metaphor for nationalism.
Cricket is a microcosm of politics.
Cricket is a money game now.
Cricket is a more elitist sort of sport.
Cricket is a national obsession.
Cricket is a national passion and driving is on the left.
Cricket is a passion in India.
Cricket is a physical game decided by strength of mind.
Cricket is a popular sport here, but softball is catching on like wildfire.
Cricket is a professional sport.
Cricket is a simple walking robot designed to be low cost.
Cricket is a spayed longhaired grey tabby.
Cricket is a sport played predominantly in the drier periods of the year.
Cricket is a sport that a person bowls to a peson that is the batsman.
Cricket is a sporting game but the loudmouth captain is anything but a sporting gentleman.
Cricket is a team game after all.
Cricket is a team game and collective results are what matters.
Cricket is a team game, but it is still the individual performances which win matches.
Cricket is a team game.
Cricket is a team sport with eleven players one each team.
Cricket is a trends-based monitoring tool that rocks.
Cricket is a very fickle game.
Cricket is a very forgiving sport.
Cricket is a very popular game in England, Asia and Australia.
Cricket is a world game and as such affected by world economies, world issues and world politics.
Cricket is all about confidence and form.
Cricket is all about sitting back and having a rest.
Cricket is all that matters here.
Cricket is also a very popular sport.
Cricket is also big here.
Cricket is also popular.
Cricket is always the best dressed bunny in town.
Cricket is an aggressive sport now.
Cricket is an enduring link.
Cricket is an English game, which originated during the medieval time in England.
Cricket is an ever-changing phenomenon that evolves.
Cricket is an expensive game.
Cricket is another discipline in which some prominent names came up for the trials.
Cricket is another popular sport, also ranking as the most successful team sport.
Cricket is another sport for which the club is popular.
Cricket is another.
Cricket is associated with intuition.
Cricket is Australia's most popular summer sport and has been played since colonial times.
Cricket is available for long-term charters.
Cricket is aweful bashful and is very hard to get a picture of.
Cricket is basically a situation game.
Cricket is become too much.
Cricket is big business.
Cricket is big in India.
Cricket is cash rich, but poor.
Cricket is currently in the market for another horse.
Cricket is currently in turmoil.
Cricket is cutter rigged with a removable inner forestay.
Cricket is cyclic.
Cricket is definitely a costly game in comparison to it's counterparts.
Cricket is enjoyed by all and is a national sport.
Cricket is enmeshed in the equivalent of a point-shaving scandal.
Cricket is essentially the newer version of mrtg.
Cricket is everywhere in Pakistan.
Cricket is exceptionally intelligent with a friendly disposition and a willing attitude.
Cricket is game which is built mostly around statistics.
Cricket is glorious, but can be unforgiving and cruel.
Cricket is hidden behind head of flower, and waving wand at cricket can start and stop rotation.
Cricket is indeed a funny game, filled with irony.
Cricket is like food and water.
Cricket is like that.
Cricket is much like any other competitive sport in that it is played with two teams.
Cricket is no joke.
Cricket is one of the most popular games in India.
Cricket is only one of the sports and pastimes that can be covered by The Mead Package.
Cricket is our devoted shop dog.
Cricket is our only true national sport.
Cricket is our passion, our obsession.
Cricket is our thing.
Cricket is peculiarly an English game.
Cricket is played a little bit like baseball.
Cricket is played in the mind.
Cricket is played in two very distinct forms.
Cricket is played next to the gym.
Cricket is played on a grassy field .
Cricket is played on a pitch, with a crease.
Cricket is played only during the winter season.
Cricket is played with a flat bat and a round leather covered ball.
Cricket is popular in some African nations.
Cricket is popular in the summer, and football codes are popular in the winter.
Cricket is practically invisible over here, and there's no sense in denying it.
Cricket is pretty much a mobile replacement for wire line.
Cricket is probably more complex than baseball.
Cricket is second only to soccer in worldwide popularity.
Cricket is still a game that inspires and entrails.
Cricket is still largely a part-time sport for Kenyan players.
Cricket is the absolute single most god-forsaken sport there is.
Cricket is the baby.
Cricket is the big thing at the moment.
Cricket is the country's most popular sport, followed by association football .
Cricket is the famous sport in Australia and Britain.
Cricket is the loser then.
Cricket is the main summer game.
Cricket is the most common English sport.
Cricket is the most popular sport in Bangladesh.
Cricket is the most popular sport in Guyana.
Cricket is the most popular sport in India.
Cricket is the national game, and is played to the highest international standard.
Cricket is the national sport.
Cricket is the only common religion in India.
Cricket is the only game India is good at.
Cricket is the only sport in the world in which both sides are dressed identically.
Cricket is the only thing worth watching on the telly nowadays.
Cricket is the perfect sport for the statistics-obsessed.
Cricket is the rage that keeps the place together.
Cricket is the sports watched by billions of cricket fans around the globe.
Cricket is truly England's national summer sport.
Cricket is truly rich in tradition.
Cricket is undoubtedly a batsman's game.
Cricket is very popular on the island.
Cricket is very popular.
Cricket is very slow at opening large data files, so be patient.
Cricket is yet to become popular in villages.
Cricket is, afterall, a game for gentlemen.
Cricket isa insect.
Cricket isn t exactly the most thrilling of sports.
Cricket leaves for the training next month.
Cricket means nothing other than in and of itself.
Cricket meets once a week.
Cricket needs a bit of magic.
Cricket nowadays is a very demanding and full-time job.
Cricket provides similar opportunities during the summer months.
Cricket remains an elitist game.
Cricket round the corner.
Cricket runs thick in Bermudian blood and is very much part of their lives.
Cricket sounds and subdued ethnic drumbeats and effects lay down a path for synth strains to wander.
Cricket starts making sense.
Cricket takes over in winter and all the weekends are fully booked.
Cricket throws up statistics the way dogs throw up fleas.
Cricket umpires the world over are fetishists, weirdos and deviants of the highest order.
Cricket uses a printmaking process to press wildflowers and shells into clay.
Cricket walks around, chirps randomly and avoids objects when touched by the feelers.
Cricket wants to be soccer.
Crickets also like small bits of paper, egg cartons or pieces of cloth to chew on.
Crickets also provide food for other animals, including birds, rodents and lizards.
Crickets are a common feeder, and are healthier than mealworms.
Crickets are a common problem around the home and yard.
Crickets are a favorite bait, especially with anglers down in the South.
Crickets are a little smaller as adults but no less versatile.
Crickets are a main source of nutrition.
Crickets are a necessity.
Crickets are a recommended staple in the captive leopard gecko diet.
Crickets are about resurrection and transformation from stages as in the molting process.
Crickets are also a portend or omen of the weather.
Crickets are also available throughout the year for consumers who enjoy crispy food.
Crickets are also good for small mammals, birds, and frogs.
Crickets are at it, which makes the dark clearer, more see-through.
Crickets are brown or black.
Crickets are clearly valuable teaching devices.
Crickets are distinctive because of their large back legs.
Crickets are easily recognizable to most people.
Crickets are excellent climbers and jumpers, so the container has to be closed on all sides.
Crickets are found all around the world.
Crickets are found in many habitats.
Crickets are games.
Crickets are good also.
Crickets are ideal insects for the classroom.
Crickets are insects that can be brown or black and are found in homes, barns and gardens.
Crickets are insects that reproduce by mating and laying eggs.
Crickets are insects with six legs and an exoskeleton.
Crickets are insects.
Crickets are known as crickets.
Crickets are medium-sized to large insects.
Crickets are more or less omnivorous in their diets.
Crickets are most active between midnight and dawn.
Crickets are much more active in warmer seasons and areas.
Crickets are nocturnal, feeding and chirping when it's dark out.
Crickets are nocturnal, hiding in dark places during the day.
Crickets are omnivores, meaning they eat both plants and meat.
Crickets are omnivores, which means they eat both plants and animals.
Crickets are one of the more effective baits for sunfish, bluegill and catfish.
Crickets are optional.
Crickets are perhaps the most musical of all of the insects.
Crickets are present in all stages all year round.
Crickets are rather closely related to cockroaches.
Crickets are ravenous eaters and therefore like a variety of foods.
Crickets are relatively defenceless, soft-bodied insects.
Crickets are shiny.
Crickets are shown finding food, communicating, and defending their territory.
Crickets are some of the noisiest and best jumping insects in the world.
Crickets are sports.
Crickets are team sports.
Crickets are territorial.
Crickets are the best bait to use for the sunfish.
Crickets are the best bait, but worms and caterpillars are fine, too.
Crickets are the best bream bait anywhere and nothing works nearly as well along the rocks.
Crickets are the best food source.
Crickets are the better bait.
Crickets are the main food item or even meal worms.
Crickets are the number one bait for bream durin the spring of the year.
Crickets are too small to be useful.
Crickets are vermins.
Crickets are very active at night.
Crickets are very good bait.
Crickets are very resourceful and are sometimes difficult for the gecko to catch.
Crickets are very susceptible to insecticides.
Crickets are wonderful - small, durable things that sing their hearts out.
Crickets become very noticeable in the autumn.
Crickets begin life as eggs, hatch into nymphs which mature into adults.
Crickets begin life.
Crickets call like electric buzzers, some only a few feet away though still invisible.
Crickets can be black, red, brown or green in color.
Crickets can be extremely annoying, but unless there are large numbers, they do little damage.
Crickets can breed, lay eggs and the eggs hatch easily on the astroturf as well.
Crickets can damage ornamental and garden plants.
Crickets can drown easily in standing water.
Crickets can jump or travel short distances by producing jerky moves.
Crickets chirp away in stereo surround sound.
Crickets chirp faster as the temperature rises.
Crickets chirp faster when the temperature is warmer.
Crickets chirp in the dark and the plot thickens.
Crickets chirp in the gloom.
Crickets chirp to attract a mate.
Crickets chirp to greet night air.
Crickets chirping loudly indicate a pleasant day to follow.
Crickets come out at night.
Crickets complete a gradual metamorphosis from egg to nymph to adult.
Crickets consume dry food.
Crickets consume food.
Crickets crick along the side of the road.
Crickets damage seedlings.
Crickets do eat grasshoppers though, and sometimes when they are alive also.
Crickets do have legs.
Crickets do well with a mixture of chicken feed and slices of orange.
Crickets eat aphids.
Crickets eat edible food.
Crickets eat everything like decaying plant matters and organic food.
Crickets eat food.
Crickets eat grass.
Crickets eat many kinds of food.
Crickets eat plants and dead insects.
Crickets eat the grass, snakes eat the crickets, and the hawks eat the snakes.
Crickets feature as major characters in novels and children's books.
Crickets feed at nights.
Crickets feed on dry food.
Crickets feed on food.
Crickets feed on just about anything.
Crickets gives details on biology and control of crickets.
Crickets have (part) air sacs.
Crickets have (part) brains.
Crickets have (part) carapaces.
Crickets have (part) cell membranes.
Crickets have (part) cells.
Crickets have (part) corpi.
Crickets have (part) cytoplasm.
Crickets have (part) ears.
Crickets have (part) faces.
Crickets have (part) flight feathers.
Crickets have (part) heads.
Crickets have (part) nuclei.
Crickets have (part) plasma membranes.
Crickets have (part) quill feathers.
Crickets have (part) sections.
Crickets have (part) shells.
Crickets have (part) skulls.
Crickets have (part) thoraxes.
Crickets have (part) vacuoles.
Crickets have antennas.
Crickets have chewing-type mouthparts and normally feed on plants or decaying plant materials.
Crickets have diets.
Crickets have excellent eyesight.
Crickets have long antennae.
Crickets have many natural enemies and are subject to various pathogens and parasites.
Crickets have one pair of one inch long antennas, called feelers.
Crickets have places.
Crickets have relatively powerful jaws, and several species have been known to bite humans.
Crickets have simple metamorphosis or development.
Crickets have slender antennas.
Crickets have their hearing organs in their knees.
Crickets have wings.
Crickets have years.
Crickets hear through their front legs.
Crickets hear with membranes in their front legs that can sense vibrations.
Crickets hear with their legs.
Crickets inhabit areas.
Crickets inhabit environments.
Crickets inhabit grass areas.
Crickets inhabit moist environments.
Crickets is a bar that offers all sorts of entertainment, including shuffleboard and pool.
Crickets is flooded but the beach bar still stands.
Crickets lay eggs in autumn.
Crickets lift their cries.
Crickets live anywhere in the world except for Antarctica.
Crickets live in almost every environment.
Crickets live in areas.
Crickets live in grassy fields, gardens, lawns, and empty lots.
Crickets live in shrubs.
Crickets live under rocks and logs in fields, grasslands , and meadows.
Crickets love to congregate in dark areas, so the core come in handy for transferring crickets.
Crickets make a distinctive sound both audibly and in ultrasound.
Crickets make noise.
Crickets make several different chirps.
Crickets make shrill sound.
Crickets make sound.
Crickets make the sounds by their forewings, they just rub their wings each other.
Crickets make up the major part of the geckos diet.
Crickets mate in late summer and lay their eggs in autumn.
Crickets memorize the chance event with rain songs they have practiced for centuries.
Crickets migrate into the depths of caves and mate in the sandier areas.
Crickets molt as they grow.
Crickets move at night, so they are dark.
Crickets naturally congregate in moist, thick foliage, then find ways to migrate into the house.
Crickets need adequate nutrition.
Crickets need food.
Crickets need nutrition.
Crickets never die, just people.
Crickets offer marvelous advantages over traditional protein sources like beef.
Crickets play in the grass in the spray of water.
Crickets possess wings.
Crickets prefer dark damp places.
Crickets produce sound by rubbing their two front wings together.
Crickets produce sound.
Crickets require a high-protein diet.
Crickets resemble grasshoppers.
Crickets rub their wings together to play a romantic tune.
Crickets scratch intermittently through the screen.
Crickets seem particularly attracted to old potato patches where they feed on remnant tubers.
Crickets seems to be the best bait.
Crickets set the rhythm, in an ancient ritual, and the night birds start to sing.
Crickets sing at a slower rate when the temperature is lower.
Crickets sing in a shared chorus, and some species of firefly blink to a common pattern.
Crickets sing softly, a neighbor's telephone, but no one answers.
Crickets sing to attract a mate.
Crickets singing in the house is a sign of prosperity.
Crickets spend the day in warm, dark cracks and crevices and emerge at night to feed.
Crickets tend to be the most available food, and generally make the basic staple for frogs.
Crickets tend to congregate in stacks of debris.
Crickets thrive at temperatures higher than the average house temperature.
Crickets typically feed on fungi, decaying plants and seedlings.
Crickets undergo incomplete metamorphosis.
Crickets use jumping as their main mode of transportation even though they have wings.
Crickets use sound to find a mate and so the loud choruses of chirping males begin.
Crickets use their cerci to determine the direction from which wind is blowing.
Crickets use their otherwise often useless wings to make their song.
Crickets often appear as characters in literature.
Crickets often become a great annoyance as their chirping or mating call interferes with sleeping.
Crickets often lay their eggs inside buildings or houses.
Cricket usually lays about five eggs, one every other day for ten days.
Crickets usually live for about two months.
All cricket odds update shares either disease out none name.
All crickets have chewing mouthparts.
Many crickets live in burrows during the day.
Most crickets are active at night.
Most crickets are brown, but some are black and some tree crickets are green with whitish wings.
Most crickets are known as crickets.
Most crickets are nocturnal, whereas their grasshopper cousins are active only during the daytime.
Most crickets are stout and more compact than katydids.
Most crickets begin life.
Most crickets do have legs.
Most crickets eat aphids.
Most crickets eat edible food.
Most crickets eat food.
Most crickets eat grass.
Most crickets feed at nights.
Most crickets feed on dry food.
Most crickets feed on food.
Most crickets have a single annual generation.
Most crickets have antennas.
Most crickets have diets.
Most crickets have places.
Most crickets have slender antennas.
Most crickets have wings.
Most crickets have years.
Most crickets inhabit grass areas.
Most crickets inhabit moist environments.
Most crickets live in areas.
Most crickets live in shrubs.
Most crickets make noise.
Most crickets make shrill sound.
Most crickets make sound.
Most crickets prefer damp moist conditions.
Most crickets produce sound.
Most crickets require considerable level of humidity so, spray their containers frequently.
Most crickets start finding a mate in late summer, and lay the eggs in the fall.
Some crickets become agricultural pests.
Some crickets become pests.
Some crickets become teenagers.
Some crickets cause damage.
Some crickets cause serious damage.
Some crickets cause serious plant damage.
Some crickets eat plants.
Some crickets eat potato.
Some crickets enter a human home and consume paper, silk, cloth and food.
Some crickets enter homes.
Some crickets enter houses.
Some crickets feed on insects.
Some crickets feed on other insects.
Some crickets feed on plant roots.
Some crickets feed on roots.
Some crickets feed on weeds.
Some crickets have advantage.
Some crickets have appearances.
Some crickets have distinctive appearances.
Some crickets have enough water.
Some crickets have food.
Some crickets have front legs.
Some crickets have gradual metamorphosis.
Some crickets have hind legs.
Some crickets have humpback appearances.
Some crickets have legs.
Some crickets have metamorphosis.
Some crickets have nematodes.
Some crickets have ovaries.
Some crickets have powerful hind legs.
Some crickets have powerful legs.
Some crickets have preference.
Some crickets have unusual appearances.
Some crickets have water.
Some crickets hide in lawns.
Some crickets invade homes.
Some crickets kill spiders.
Some crickets live in homes.
Some crickets live in pasture.
Some crickets survive extend periods.
Some crickets undergo evolution.
Some crickets undergo metamorphosis.
A cricketer is an athlete
Cricketers are athletes.
Cricketers are heroes only in their own little bubble.
Cricketers are just one aspect of the product.
Cricketers are mortals and they show individual traits in the way they handle pressure situations.
Cricketers are part of society.
Cricketers claim they're being left out in the cold over match-fixing.
Cricketers have good reasons to plumb for contract system.
Cricketers have some strong beliefs that they follow while playing.
Cricketers mature at different times.
Cricketers never seem to be tired of making money.
Cricketers raise their bats.
Cricketers take the same attitude to illegal betting on cricket as they do to jaywalking.
Every cricketer goes through form slumps.
Every cricketer is superstitious and believes in luck.
Cricopharyngeal myotomy is an effective treatment with few complications.
Crime analysis is a rapidly evolving field.
Crime analysis is complex and there are many suggested reasons for the increase.
Crime analysts release bulletins and alerts for areas experiencing high amounts of crime.
Crime analysts use both quantitative and qualitative maps.
Crime busters warn on middle managers Experts on computer crime warn of the enemy within.
Some crime busters depend on fingerprints.
Crime City is currently in the pre-alpha stages of production.
Crime control is clearly a major problem in West Philadelphia.
Crime control is problematic as neighborhoods grow at the perimeters of the urban area.
Crime control rests primarily with the social system.
Crime fiction is escapist, literature is 'worthy' or 'a work of art'.
Crime fiction's the most inventive stuff around when it comes to narrative.
Crime Figures compare the first six months for each year.
Crime figures vary.
Crime indexes are a way of ranking the crime risk in an area relative to other areas.
Crime insurance can cover the criminal acts of insiders and outsiders.
Crime insurance is generally quite expensive.
Crime labs are a crucial, but often neglected, tool of modern law enforcement.
Crime labs offer advanced testing of body fluids that often lead police to killers.
Crime labs operate at federal, state, county and municipal levels.
Crime laboratories can solve cases across local, regional, national and international boundaries.
Crime laboratories pay for the computer hardware, maintenance, and monthly telephone line charges.
Crime maps are often among the most popular items given to readers.
Crime maps can reveal trends in burglary, vandalism, and other similar activity.
Most crime movies have a simplistic good vs. evil moral structure.
Crime news draws viewers.
Crime news is also fast, cheap and easy to produce.
Crime novels tend to be either moralistic or hiply amoral with a satiric or leering edge.
Crimes of opportunity are the most common crimes committed on campuses across the nation.
Many crimes of opportunity take only a few seconds to transpire.
Crimes of passion are a good example.
Crimes of passion occur and are usually the result of personal insults.
Crimes of violence are common especially in large cities.
Crimes of violence are on the rise.
Crimes of violence occur least often.
Crime prevention appears on the agendas of many symposia and conferences.
Crime prevention begins at conception, and even earlier.
Crime prevention benefits every community, every neighborhood, and every resident.
Crime prevention goes beyond locks, lights, and alarms.
Crime prevention has the power to change all that.
Crime prevention is a community effort.
Crime prevention is a crucial investment that can and does reduce juvenile crime.
Crime prevention is a high priority.
Crime prevention is a major element of community policing.
Crime prevention is a tool of government.
Crime prevention is about people working together.
Crime prevention is also an important part of our duty.
Crime prevention is also an issue for residents of college owned houses.
Crime prevention is also important during hotel stays.
Crime prevention is also the responsibility of the students.
Crime prevention is an attitude.
Crime prevention is an awesome task.
Crime prevention is an investment in the future.
Crime prevention is an on going duty that is performed each and every day by each officer.
Crime prevention is another area that the staff are particularly interested in.
Crime prevention is another example.
Crime prevention is another focal point of volunteer activity.
Crime prevention is awareness and participation by everyone.
Crime prevention is critical to reducing crime victimization and rehabilitating offenders.
Crime prevention is everybody's business.
Crime prevention is everybody's responsibility.
Crime prevention is everyone's business, and involves more than just home or business security.
Crime prevention is everyone's job.
Crime prevention is everyone's responsibility.
Crime prevention is more dangerous than crime.
Crime prevention is no accident.
Crime prevention is successful when there is community involvement.
Crime prevention is the best approach.
Crime prevention is the key to a safer future.
Crime prevention is the key.
Crime prevention is the official rationale.
Crime prevention is the responsibility of every member of the community.
Crime prevention is the result of a process which is developed day after day.
Crime prevention is where the criminal justice system begins.
Crime prevention means watching out and helping out.
Crime prevention requires careful thought and reassessment periodically.
Crime prevention requires self-awareness, the awareness of family or friends, and prior planning.
Crime prevention requires the cooperation of students, faculty, and staff to be effective.
Crime prevention starts at home and extends out through neighborhoods into the greater community.
Crime prevention starts by keeping kids involved in their community and off the streets.
Crime prevention starts with peaceful interactions on every block and in every street.
Crime prevention starts with residents educating others on crime awareness.
Crime prevention takes the opportunity away from the criminal to commit the crime.
Crime prevention works.
All crime prevention is coordinated by foot, vehicle, bicycle and mounted patrol.
A crime rate is a rate
Crime rate is low and with an exception for cab drivers the risk of being cheated can be ignored.
Crime rate is low, but take usual safety precautions.
Crime rate is low.
Crime rate is low-average for suburban cities.
Crime rate is lower than that of big cities in the United States.
Crime rate is very low and political violence is nonexistent.
Crime rates are among the lowest in the city.
Crime rates are among the lowest in the world while the standard of living is among the highest.
Crime rates are among the lowest in the world, and continue to decline.
Crime rates are among the lowest in the world.
Crime rates are at historic lows.
Crime rates are crude indicators of the amount of law-breaking in society.
Crime rates are down again, across the state.
Crime rates are down and still falling.
Crime rates are down as a result.
Crime rates are down because of the huge increase in the number of bad guys who are in jail.
Crime rates are down except for car prowls and thefts.
Crime rates are down in almost every category.
Crime rates are down in Oregon and dangerous criminals are behind bars.
Crime rates are down nationwide.
Crime rates are down tremendously.
Crime rates are down, criticism is muted.
Crime rates are down.
Crime rates are far below than the national average.
Crime rates are generally well above the city's average.
Crime rates are high, particularly carjacking, mugging and armed robbery.
Crime rates are higher than before.
Crime rates are higher than in other parts of Russia.
Crime rates are higher than they used to be, but lots of people still don t lock their doors.
Crime rates are low and neighborly acts of kindness are high.
Crime rates are low here.
Crime rates are low in foreign countries.
Crime rates are low out here and violent crime is almost non-existent.
Crime rates are low overall, and violent crime is very rare.
Crime rates are low, and parks are scattered throughout the community.
Crime rates are low, and violence uncommon.
Crime rates are low, property taxes are modest and excellent educational resources abound.
Crime rates are low.
Crime rates are lower for married than unmarried men, and incomes are higher.
Crime rates are lower in Atlantic Canada particularly for violent crimes.
Crime rates are much below national averages.
Crime rates are much higher than a few decades ago.
Crime rates are rates.
Crime rates are reassuringly low.
Crime rates are remarkably low when compared to national standards.
Crime rates are scandalous.
Crime rates are too high.
Crime rates are very low and the streets are safe to walk in any time of the day or night.
Crime rates are very low.
Crime rates begin to decline.
Crime rates continue to drop across the country.
Crime rates continue to drop.
Crime rates control differences in population, therefore the districts are comparable.
Crime rates control for differences in population, therefore the counties are comparable.
Crime rates control for differences in population, therefore the districts are comparable.
Crime rates drop when prostitution is brought to a setting where it is monitored.
Crime rates drop when the economy is doing well.
Crime rates go down, local tax revenues go up, and families are much more likely to stay together.
Crime rates go up and other building fall apart.
Crime rates increase as one moves east to west.
Crime rates peak and start decreasing all across the nation, including California.
Crime rates reflect the risk of becoming the victim of a crime.
Crime rates seem to climb every year.
Crime rates seem to increase year after year.
Crime rates soar.
Crime rates vary by urbanization.
Crime rates vary from region to region.
Crime rates vary.
Crime scene is sloppy - body left where it fell, and weapon left too.
Crime scene sketches and diagrams.
All crime scenes adhere to the following structure.
All crime scenes have two areas, the primary area and secondary area of the scene.
Crime statistics are also very high in Honduras, Nicaragua and Venezuela.
Crime statistics are at an all time low.
Crime statistics are available from that office as required by federal law.
Crime statistics are available on request.
Crime statistics are available to all students.
Crime statistics are available upon request from the police department.
Crime statistics are highly inaccurate.
Crime statistics are important.
Crime statistics continue to improve in our community especially in the area of violent crime.
Crime statistics depend heavily upon the willingness of victims to report crimes.
Crime statistics go down, yet coverage of crime on TV news increases.
Crime statistics go up and go down.
Crime statistics inform public policy.
Crime statistics paint a complex picture.
Crime statistics provide an official picture of crime in society .
Crime statistics show a marked drop, particularly in violent crimes such as aggravated assault.
Crime statistics show that a large fraction of ex-cons return to criminal behavior.
Crime statistics show that firearms are, without a doubt, the most effective self-defense tools.
Crime statistics show that the murder rate is higher in states with the death penalty.
Crime statistics show the ratio of abused men as being low.
Crime statistics take a variety of forms to tell the story of how crime occurs in a community.
Crime statistics tell the story.
Crime stoppers can make special pleas to our school crime stopper programs.
Crime stoppers is a commmunity program that was formed to help police departments capture criminals.
Crime Stoppers Pull down to select page.
Crime Stoppers Unites the public, the media and the police in the fight against crime.
Crime stories are among the influences cited in the exhibit.
Crime stories are campfire ghost stories for grown-ups.
Crime stories are dramatic.
Crime stories are exemplary of popular literature.
Crime stories sell papers.
Some crime stories get inside the criminal organization and the criminal mind.
A crime syndicate is a social group
Crime syndicates operate with impunity.
Crime victims account.
Crime victims advocate cameras in the courtroom.
Crime victims are an increasingly high priority group in social work.
Crime victims are people who have directly or indirectly suffered as a result of crime.
Crime victims benefit.
Crime victims deserve better.
Crime victims face emotional, physical, and financial hardships.
Crime victims have certain rights.
Crime victims notice.
Crime victims receive counseling support from volunteers at the time of the incident.
Crime victims suffer a tremendous amount of physical and psychological trauma.
Crime victims suffer the devastating emotional, physical, and financial impact of crime.
Crime victims tell how the crime never ends.
All crime victims have options in confronting their aggressor.
Many crime victims find that telling their stories is therapeutic.
Most crime victims are single, unemployed, young men.
Most crime victims go through predictable stages of emotional reaction.
Most crime victims think the game is an outrage.
Crime watch is actually a subcommittee of the neighborhood association.
Crime watch leaves responsibility for apprehending criminals where it belongs - with the police.
Crime watch leaves responsibility for apprehending criminals with the police.
A crime wave is a rise
Crime waves are forever, or so it sometimes seems.
Crime waves are rises.
Crime waves threaten Mexico City's mayor. .
Crime waves threaten Mexico City's mayor.
Crime waves threaten the popularity of Mexico City's mayor.
Crime writers are fringe dwellers in Australia, hanging out on the edges of literary fiction.
Most crime writers have both in our novels, to varying degrees.
Some crime writers find wives.
Crime adapts itself to the age, and in that sense is relative.
Crime affecting working people has a low priority.
Crime affects everybody at school in one way or another.
Crime affects everyone, whether young or old, poor or rich.
Crime affects our lives in so many ways.
Crime affects people across the racial, ethnic, religious and sexual spectrum.
Crime also continues to be a major issue.
Crime also drives the security industry.
Crime also exists in both organized and un organized forms.
Crime also flourishes.
Crime also forms a key enemy.
Crime also happens within the prison walls.
Crime also is considered the most serious problem in all age and income groups.
Crime also is on the decline statewide.
Crime appears to be trending downward nationwide, and particularly so in California.
Crime appears to stop at the Belize city limits.
Crime applies particularly to an act that breaks a law that has been made for public good.
Crime ask until most product and ruin plaster molds.
Crime attracts terrorists and it drives investors away.
Crime becomes inevitable.
Crime becomes something the poor do to each other.
Crime begins in the crib.
Crime begins to run rampart.
Crime builds momentum.
Crime can also result in a visit to a hospital.
Crime can and does occur on campus and against students in the community around campus.
Crime can be a real concern in some locations.
Crime can be expensive and demoralising.
Crime can be random.
Crime can destroy a neighborhood's capacity to function.
Crime Can Happen Anywhere.
Crime can infect a community.
Crime can occur anyplace and anytime.
Crime can pay.
Crime can play a big part in rough sleepers' lives.
Crime can range from an act of vandalism to murder.
Crime can strike anyone, anytime.
Crime can take advantage of a chaotic weekend.
Crime carries a heavy burden.
Crime causes consequences.
Crime causes gun control laws, gun control causes crime.
Crime causes injuries.
Crime causes serious injuries.
Crime challenges the efficiency of our established code of morals.
Crime chases dollars.
Crime clearly is one of the top concerns.
Crime comes in all shapes and sizes and with all types of implements in addition to the gun.
Crime comes in many forms and occurs in many places.
Crime comes mostly from the mistakes of the family, school, religion and government.
Crime comes with market economy and democracy.
Crime committed by psychopathics are often very gruesome, horrible and senseless.
Crime concentrates around certain targets.
Crime constitutes one of the main obstacles to reconstruction and development.
Crime continues to be a delicate subject matter in the sociological discipline.
Crime continues to decline in Brooklyn Park.
Crime continues to drop.
Crime continues to increase in all neighborhoods.
Crime continues to increase, particularly in urban areas.
Crime cuts across all ethnic and economic barriers .
Crime cuts across all ethnic and economic barriers.
Crime damages people, communities, and relationships.
Crime damages the social fabric that makes communities healthy.
Crime demands punishment at all levels.
Crime demonstrates the objective truth about sin.
Crime destabilises the economy and impacts dramatically on the poor and historically disadvantaged.
Crime destroys all the things that make community possible.
Crime devastates communities, neighborhoods, families and individuals.
Crime dies down a lot.
Crime disrupts the health, personal outlook and relationships of victims.
Crime does exist, but the levels are still acceptable.
Crime does have a significant negative impact on the small business.
Crime does increase in the summer months.
Crime does pay - and it pays very well .
Crime does pay and criminals know that.
Crime does pay in India.
Crime does pay when dealing with credit cards.
Crime does pay.
Crime draws attention.
Crime draws national attention.
Crime drives upwardly mobile residents out, and the neighborhood loses stabilizing influences.
Crime drops dramatically.
Crime drops during needle exchange time.
Crime drops to lowest level in century.
Crime drops when there are more people around.
Crime emerges from a breakdown of the traditional family and traditional neighborhood.
Crime endangers local communities.
Crime erodes the development of human capital, with direct costs are quite visible in education.
Crime especially is a problem that involves cross-jurisdictional mobility.
Crime establishes a relationship in which one wounds another.
Crime exacts a devastating social and economic cost on our society.
Crime exacts a heavy cost.
Crime exists as a part of the economic institution and is a lifestyle for many people.
Crime exists everywhere.
Crime exists in Japan.
Crime exists in our physical world, and so it does in the digital world.
Crime exists when society decays.
Crime feeds on itself and creates attitudes of acceptance and desperation within the population.
Crime fills the gap when jobs go.
Crime Find out how many and what kind of crimes occur.
Crime finds a way.
Crime flourishes in an apathetic environment.
Crime fold underneath no description both varies Florida state seminoles jackets.
Crime follows casinos.
Crime follows money.
Crime forces businesses to spend billions of dollars on security.
Crime generates fear.
Crime generates prison construction, expands police forces, improves sales of security equipment.
Crime gets too much attention.
Crime goes down, unity flourishes.
Crime goes down, workplace morale goes up, Rolodexes get fat.
Crime goes down.
Crime goes to where the money is.
Crime goes UP when the law abiding citizen is disarmed.
Crime goes where the action is.
Crime grows also.
Crime happens on campuses.
Crime has a bossanova beat.
Crime has a certain rhythm in the world.
Crime has a cost to the victims involved.
Crime has a dramatic and devastating effect on the community as a whole.
Crime has a large and prolonged effect on victims.
Crime has an inescapable and unfortunate effect on our lives.
Crime has high societal costs and significantly detracts from community life.
Crime has neither a home country, nor ethnicity.
Crime has no respect for individuals.
Crime has nothing to do with it.
Crime has to be concealed, denied and rationalized, because everyone feels threatened by it.
Crime has to be confronted directly.
Crime has tourist officials concerned.
Crime has wide-ranging effects on communities.
Crime have onto several composition yet drink shooting.
Crime hits close to home.
Crime hurts the community.
Crime impinges on all our lives.
Crime imposes a hefty tax on law-abiding residents of black neighborhoods.
Crime increases across the socio-economic strata.
Crime increases fear and breeds frustration.
Crime indexes for thousands of U.S. cities as well as Canadian cities.
Crime injures victims.
Crime involves contact.
Crime involves intellectual properties.
Crime involves properties.
Crime involving drugs is at an all-time high.
Crime is a broad subject with libraries of books having been written about it.
Crime is a byproduct of fear.
Crime is a chronic problem, and much remains to be done.
Crime is a civil rights violation.
Crime is a commodity, it is used to sell a product and to enhance revenue for the media.
Crime is a community concern, and crime stoppers allow people to help anonymously.
Crime is a community problem that calls for community solutions.
Crime is a complex problem with many causes and no simple solution.
Crime is a complex problem with multiple causes and hence no one solution.
Crime is a complex subject woven deep in any country's social fabric.
Crime is a concern and it's a concern everywhere.
Crime is a constant percent of the population.
Crime is a constant threat throughout the city.
Crime is a continual problems in shanty towns.
Crime is a costly, and counter productive problem every community faces.
Crime is a disease like any other malady and is a product of the prevalent social system.
Crime is a disease, somewhat like cancer.
Crime is a disease.
Crime is a fact of life here as it is in most other parts of the county, urban or suburban.
Crime is a fact of life.
Crime is a fact of the human species.
Crime is a fundamental indicator of social stability.
Crime is a game with criminal and detective playing hide and seek.
Crime is a good one.
Crime is a great problem in the Western world.
Crime is a greater problem for the lower income people than for the better off.
Crime is a growing concern in all school systems.
Crime is a growing political headache for Mexican politicians.
Crime is a growing problem in Libya.
Crime is a high-risk occupation.
Crime is a huge problem.
Crime is a human problem.
Crime is a learned behavior.
Crime is a local problem, even if it is occurring simultaneously in many places.
Crime is a logical, if messy, quick fix to the shortcomings of society.
Crime is a major concern for every business.
Crime is a major domestic policy concern and efforts continue to find effective responses to it.
Crime is a major engine of economic growth in some countries - in Italy and Russia, for example.
Crime is a major problem and lies at the heart of other major problems faced by blacks.
Crime is a major problem.
Crime is a matter of definition.
Crime is a matter of people choosing to do wrong.
Crime is a menace that disturbs any country.
Crime is a moral problem.
Crime is a most terrible scourge on any society.
Crime is a national problem that affects areas, including college campuses.
Crime is a national problem that affects rural and urban areas alike.
Crime is a neighborhood problem that needs a neighborhood solution.
Crime is a prime example.
Crime is a problem in Moscow so avoid carrying a lot of cash and walking alone at night.
Crime is a problem in South Africa.
Crime is a problem in the city as well as in certain remote areas.
Crime is a problem in Zambia.
Crime is a problem that concerns nearly everyone.
Crime is a problem that cuts across campus, city and state boundaries and affects the entire nation.
Crime is a problem that ignores campus, city, and state boundaries and affects the entire nation.
Crime is a problem.
Crime is a product of government social control and of power relations in society.
Crime is a quality of life issue.
Crime is a rag-bag of different actions or inactions that have been defined as offensive.
Crime is a real-life problem and one of our top priorities.
Crime is a result of oppression.
Crime is a risk, and crime is business.
Crime is a serious problem in Dhaka.
Crime is a serious problem in Jamaica, particularly in Kingston.
Crime is a serious problem in the United States.
Crime is a serious problem.
Crime is a side effect of patriarchy.
Crime is a significant threat at airports.
Crime is a social fact and it is connected with poverty.
Crime is a social phenomenon.
Crime is a social problem whose ultimate sources are poverty, unemployment and economic insecurity.
Crime is a socially constructed phenomenon.
Crime is a societal problem.
Crime is a sophisticated business . . . . .
Crime is a sore subject in the state, too.
Crime is a splendid example.
Crime is a symptom of ills within society.
Crime is a symptom.
Crime is a tool of scoundrels.
Crime is a top concern.
Crime is a traditional instrument of rule.
Crime is a very important concern of course.
Crime is a violation of one person by another.
Crime is a violation of people and of their relationships.
Crime is a violation of relationships between people.
Crime is a way of life among the otters.
Crime is a way of life today.
Crime is a whole of community problem and needs to be addressed in a wholistic way.
Crime is a worldwide phenomenon but there is a particularly high level of awareness in South Africa.
Crime is about nil, and it takes five to seven minutes to get clear across town.
Crime is accompanied by a special approach to a human person.
Crime is activities.
Crime is acts.
Crime is against people.
Crime is almost nil.
Crime is almost non existent in that country.
Crime is almost non-existent.
Crime is almost unheard of.
Crime is almost unknown and the Island is an ideal place for family and children.
Crime is already here.
Crime is already illegal.
Crime is also a concern, but northeasters say that they get a bad rap when it comes to crime.
Crime is also a politically urgent issue.
Crime is also a problem, and young Bihari women are reportedly targeted by sex-traffickers.
Crime is also a problem, on a train journey one German woman's bag was slashed open with a knife.
Crime is also down nationwide in double digits.
Crime is also often a bigger problem for the poor than it is for the non-poor.
Crime is also relatively low.
Crime is also unabated.
Crime is also wrong.
Crime is always a factor.
Crime is always an issue, but the numbers in terms of overall crime are de-creasing.
Crime is always sudden, unexpected, and traumatic.
Crime is an area of concern.
Crime is an attack on all three.
Crime is an attack on human rights.
Crime is an excellent producer of capitalism's oil.
Crime is an extraordinary trauma.
Crime is an important issue in problem areas.
Crime is an important issue in South Africa.
Crime is an increasing problem.
Crime is an inseparable part of any human community, and every society has the crimes it deserves.
Crime is an interesting prism through which to understand the society within which the crime occurs.
Crime is an issue Another issue people are concerned about is crime.
Crime is an issue in some rental complexes and neighborhoods.
Crime is an issue which affects everyone, regardless of their race.
Crime is an issue.
Crime is an offense against human relationships.
Crime is an offense against man.
Crime is an unavoidable fact of any large city.
Crime is an unchangeable fact of life.
Crime is an undeniable fact of life.
Crime is an undeniable factor in our society.
Crime is an unproductive activity, and it operates on an enormous scale in Russia.
Crime is an unwelcome part of our city today.
Crime is another area of major concern.
Crime is another big threat.
Crime is another problem connected with the troops' presence.
Crime is another problem.
Crime is as rife as ever.
Crime is at a high level in urban areas of the state.
Crime is at a minimum.
Crime is at an all time high.
Crime is at an all time low and in fact fell even lower than last year's levels.
Crime is at an all-time high, and so are the prisons.
Crime is at an all-time low and the city's economy is booming.
Crime is at least three or four times greater in the major urban areas.
Crime is attacked in a variety of ways.
Crime is back up and the momentum is slipping away.
Crime is bad for business.
Crime is bad.
Crime is below the national average and crime rates continue to fall.
Crime is beyond that.
Crime is centred around the socio-economic problems experienced by our people.
Crime is classified as treason, felony or misdemeanor.
Crime is clearly low.
Crime is color blind.
Crime is colourless, it is equally dangerous for all.
Crime is commited in the hills - looks like a serial kiler who is killing kids.
Crime is committed at the international level.
Crime is common in favelas, as many of the people have no other way to make money.
Crime is common.
Crime is completely out of control.
Crime is concentrated in urban America.
Crime is considered low in the community with few serious or violent crimes occurring.
Crime is considered within the broader context of social deviance.
Crime is constantly on the increase, resulting in loss of life and loss of profits.
Crime is contagious.
Crime is crime as pregnancy is pregnancy.
Crime is crime, regardless of who is committing the crime.
Crime is crime.
Crime is crime.
Crime is cyclical.
Crime is dangerous to local communities.
Crime is dealt with severely.
Crime is decontextualised and transformed into plot which is resolved neatly, without consequences.
Crime is different, it is on another level.
Crime is down - way down.
Crime is down and attitudes about Center City are up.
Crime is down and hospitals are nearby.
Crime is down and many of our neighborhoods have become safer in recent years.
Crime is down and people are enjoying themselves.
Crime is down and people have renewed confidence in the city.
Crime is down but homelessness is a major problem in several neighborhood commercial areas.
Crime is down citywide.
Crime is down dramatically in New York.
Crime is down dramatically.
Crime is down five years in a row.
Crime is down for seven straight years.
Crime is down for two fundamental reasons.
Crime is down four years in a row, one million fewer victims.
Crime is down in astronomical numbers.
Crime is down in Atlanta because of solid police work.
Crime is down in Harris County.
Crime is down in our city.
Crime is down in record numbers.
Crime is down in the neighborhood, and enrollment at the college is at an all-time high.
Crime is down in the United States and other countries where it had become epidemic.
Crime is down sharply in practically every city, reducing peoples' fears.
Crime is down substantially.
Crime is down, and business is better.
Crime is down, and student achievement is up.
Crime is down, and the Cold War is over.
Crime is down, but few feel safer.
Crime is down, divorce is down, likewise abortion, teen pregnancy, drunk driving and welfare rolls.
Crime is down, employment is up.
Crime is down, financial management is much improved.
Crime is down, house prices are up, jobs and tourism are booming.
Crime is down, our streets are cleaner and jobs are on the rise.
Crime is down, particularly in the areas of burglary and auto thefts.
Crime is down, so is drug abuse.
Crime is down, so that's an improvement.
Crime is down, taxes are stable, and the city's infrastructure is being rebuilt.
Crime is down, though few realise it.
Crime is down.
Crime is dramatic enough when it is described factually.
Crime is endemic to capitalism.
Crime is endemic.
Crime is essentially an absence of civility.
Crime is everyone's business because it affects everyone.
Crime is everywhere and can affect anyone.
Crime is everywhere, even on our college campus.
Crime is everywhere.
Crime is evil.
Crime is examined from a historical, philosophical, legal and contemporary viewpoint.
Crime is extremely high in all of the major cities in Brazil.
Crime is extremely rare.
Crime is far lower than in most urbanized countries.
Crime is films.
Crime is generally a young person's game.
Crime is gone as an issue.
Crime is hate crime.
Crime is here to stay.
Crime is high in Monrovia, with theft and assault prevalent, particularly at night.
Crime is high in the capital, with theft and assault prevalent, particularly at night.
Crime is high, space limited, drugs rampant, and hope dwindling.
Crime is high.
Crime is highest among the religious.
Crime is important.
Crime is imported from California.
Crime is impossible in Britain following the implementation of their gun control laws.
Crime is in a person's frame of mind.
Crime is in everyone's neighborhood, proper procedure for use of camera.
Crime is in the news.
Crime is in the rise in the streets of Saigon .
Crime is increasingly on the rise in many government parks.
Crime is increasings.
Crime is indeed rampant in South Africa.
Crime is international.
Crime is just a small part of the total cost to Minnesota.
Crime is just an excuse.
Crime is just another form of human endeavor.
Crime is just one of the many conflicts that has to be defined and then resolved.
Crime is just so darn predictable.
Crime is less palpable and the economic slump shallower than in the rest of Russia.
Crime is like a growing cancer.
Crime is likely to be a key election issue.
Crime is located in demonstrations.
Crime is located in jails.
Crime is low . . .
Crime is low and civic and social involvement are high.
Crime is low and living is good.
Crime is low and so are our taxes.
Crime is low and technology is high.
Crime is low and the city leaders are committed to keeping it that way.
Crime is low here and the quality of life is high.
Crime is low there.
Crime is low, but prisons are filling faster than ever.
Crime is low, neighbors are good.
Crime is low, there's no state tax on personal income or gifts.
Crime is low, though high incidence of petty theft or robberies of personal effects.
Crime is low.
Crime is lower in states with concealed carry laws.
Crime is lower.
Crime is mainly an activity of the young and especially young males.
Crime is manufactured to purchase middle class votes.
Crime is merely a symptom of strong social forces.
Crime is merely politics without the excuses.
Crime is merely the product of a society based on property and authority.
Crime is mobile.
Crime is more complex than that simple solution.
Crime is more likely to be committed against unarmed people.
Crime is more than an instance of behavior.
Crime is more wicked and vicious and random than ever.
Crime is naught but misdirected energy.
Crime is nearly non-existent.
Crime is new.
Crime is no different.
Crime is no greater and often less where there are no death sentences.
Crime is no longer a local phenomenon.
Crime is no longer an absolute infringement of human rights.
Crime is non-existent.
Crime is noticeably low.
Crime is now big business, run by professionals who have learned all the rules of modern management.
Crime is now down for a remarkable seventh year in a row.
Crime is now in the suburbs and rapidly spreading to rural areas.
Crime is now one of the top worries expressed by citizens.
Crime is now the hottest economic investment around.
Crime is obviously one of the factors contributing to the decline of cities and towns.
Crime is obviously one of the factors contributing to the decline of the city of Johannesburg.
Crime is on everyone's mind and burglaries are on the increase all over Britain.
Crime is on everyone's mind, especially in an election year.
Crime is on the decline across the nation.
Crime is on the decline.
Crime is on the increase in Mexico, as it is elsewhere in the world.
Crime is on the increase in Suriname, especially in the capital Paramaribo.
Crime is on the increase.
Crime is on the rise and the state system is nearing meltdown.
Crime is on the rise and there are fewer police officers to deal with it.
Crime is on the rise everywhere.
Crime is on the rise.
Crime is on the topic every day.
Crime is one of America's biggest problems.
Crime is one of the major concerns of American citizens.
Crime is one of the major factors that perpetuates a shadow economy and thus a shadow middle class.
Crime is one of the most serious problems faced by modern society.
Crime is one such issue.
Crime is one way of doing that.
Crime is out of control and no one is safe.
Crime is out of control and the government is pursuing policies that inevitably lead to disaster.
Crime is out of control.
Crime is out there.
Crime is pandemic.
Crime is partly a product of the structured inequality of capitalist economic system.
Crime is pervasive and varies substantially across countries.
Crime is pervasive in American society, but victims and criminals have identified characteristics.
Crime is portrayed as the norm.
Crime is possible of perpetration with impunity by the real culprit.
Crime is practically a thing of the past.
Crime is practically non-existent.
Crime is predictable.
Crime is prevalent and, in many cases, a way of life.
Crime is prevalent in Zambia.
Crime is primarily an offense against human relationships and secondarily a violation of the law.
Crime is primarily an offense against human relationships, and secondarily a violation of law.
Crime is primarily the outcome of multiple adverse social, economic, cultural and family conditions.
Crime is probably the worst of the worst.
Crime is problematic.
Crime is rampant and access to health care and education has fallen.
Crime is rampant and unchecked by the penalties required by Biblical law.
Crime is rampant as the remaining population desperately seeks the means to live.
Crime is rampant due in part to government's ''war on drugs.
Crime is rampant in cities all around the world.
Crime is rampant in Haiti.
Crime is rampant through here.
Crime is rampant, and cops are being killed in the street at an alarming rate.
Crime is rampant, and morals at a low ebb.
Crime is rampant, and the city of LA has turned into a police state.
Crime is rampant, and wars and rumors of wars have become commonplace.
Crime is rampant, with prison congestion reaching emergency levels.
Crime is rampant.
Crime is rare and quality of life is very high.
Crime is rare, traffic jams are unheard of, property is inexpensive.
Crime is rare.
Crime is real, gangs are real, drugs are real.
Crime is really down on campus.
Crime is reasonably under control.
Crime is recognized as harm done to victims and the community.
Crime is relatively a more serious problem.
Crime is reported daily.
Crime is reported in many ways.
Crime is reported when police verify that it has been committed.
Crime is rife, from knife attacks, muggings and public disorder to petty theft and extortion.
Crime is rife.
Crime is said to be rampant.
Crime is scary things.
Crime is seen as more than simply a violation of the criminal law.
Crime is self-evidently wrong because it seeks to deliberately harm others.
Crime is so bad that police had to build a substation there.
Crime is social problems.
Crime is something for nothing.
Crime is sort of in between political action and war.
Crime is still a problem, but people feel safer now and enjoy a much better quality of life.
Crime is still a problem, corruption is rampant and there has been no real redistribution of wealth.
Crime is still an issue.
Crime is still bad, mon.
Crime is still of great concern to the American public, and continued violence fuels public fears.
Crime is still rampant around the world.
Crime is still rare on the system.
Crime is still too high.
Crime is studied by criminology, sociology or law and dealt with by the criminal justice system.
Crime is such a fascinating topic to approach from a sociological point of view.
Crime is talked about here, about how awful it is getting and what is the world coming to.
Crime is the biggest problem in SA because the police and justice system are starved of resources.
Crime is the dark side of global e-commerce.
Crime is the degenerate factor in society.
Crime is the language, but the human condition is what's examined.
Crime is the last resort of political half-wits.
Crime is the lowest it's been in three decades.
Crime is the most frequently mentioned problem across all parts of the city.
Crime is the number one fear in America today.
Crime is the number one issue in many mayoral races throughout the country.
Crime is the responsibility of police and community together .
Crime is the result of opportunity plus desire.
Crime is the top problem in all age and income groups.
Crime is the violation of one human being by another.
Crime is there, the issues are out there.
Crime is transgression
Crime is transgression.
Crime is uncommon and the populace well-educated and extremely friendly.
Crime is under control.
Crime is unheard of.
Crime is unique with respect to the wide range of costs it inflicts on a community.
Crime is universal.
Crime is unknown in their nomadic villages.
Crime is up but manageable.
Crime is up, abortion is up, homosexuality is on the rise, the nation is in debt, etc.
Crime is very high.
Crime is very low and living is peaceful and quiet, for the most part.
Crime is very low.
Crime is viewed as a social dilemma which effects our beliefs, life styles and society in general.
Crime is viewed as a social dilemma, which effects our beliefs, life styles and society in general.
Crime is viewed as an act against another person and the community.
Crime is virtually nil on our expeditions.
Crime is virtually nonexistent here.
Crime is virtually unheard of in our area.
Crime is virtually unknown in the British Virgin Islands.
Crime is virtually unknown.
Crime is way down and the city is in great economic shape.
Crime is way down, and the streets are cleaner.
Crime is way down.
Crime is way too high.
Crime is way up in Wilmington in the last four years.
Crime is well recognised and understood.
Crime is what society, through the courts or parliament, defines as such.
Crime is widespread in Zambia.
Crime is widespread, and the population is declining, a large part of it living in poverty.
Crime is worse.
Crime is wrong.
Crime isa activity.
Crime keeps shrinking, year after year.
Crime knows no address.
Crime knows no age, socio- economic or geographical boundaries.
Crime knows no borders and no boundaries.
Crime knows no boundaries.
Crime leads to punishment.
Crime Legends about thieves, drugs and murdering madmen.
Crime Legends Legends about thieves, drugs and murdering madmen.
Crime looks like so much fun, it s downright criminal.
Crime makes Brewer nervous.
Crime makes the news, for one thing.
Crime makes up a fair amount of our news diet in the Chronicle and other media.
Crime mention beyond few tea indeed swing racquetball gloves.
Crime mention beyond few tea indeed swing reebok uniforms.
Crime needs to be punished.
Crime never pays whatever be motive.
Crime never sleeps.
Crime occurs and is reported to law enforcement agency.
Crime occurs everywhere.
Crime occurs in cities.
Crime occurs more often here than areas to the n orth and west, but it's pretty infrequent.
Crime occurs to a certain degree in every culture.
Crime occurs when the forces that bind people to society are weakened or broken.
Crime occurs when victims and offenders converge in the absence of a guardian or intimate handier.
Crime offers the most obvious example of a story that needs disentangling.
Crime only occurs on days that end with a y.
Crime operates on a similar principle of poetic effrontery.
Crime pays . .
Crime pays and illegal businesses are the profitable ones.
Crime pays for an Ionia County teacher.
Crime pays real well.
Crime permeates the public mind.
Crime plunges both children and communities into general degeneration and violence.
Crime prevails in the streets of our cities.
Crime prevails since free market flourishes.
Crime produces different effects.
Crime ranges in many different categories.
Crime really is contagious.
Crime remains a problem, despite a drop in the murder rate.
Crime remains a problem.
Crime remains a serious social problem.
Crime remains a sore point.
Crime remains endemic, and the level of social unrest continues to climb.
Crime remains high.
Crime reports from sheriff's departments.
Crime reports from sheriff's offices.
Crime represents a failure of responsibility.
Crime requires at least a twisted courage.
Crime reveals the glory of the ethical.
Crime runs in cycles.
Crime runs rampant within the huge megalopolises that now cover the Earth.
Crime s down.
Crime See Philosophy of Right .
Crime seems particularly cruel when it is perpetrated on the young.
Crime seems the only succour.
Crime seems to be increasing everywhere, but at different speeds.
Crime seems to be lower than in the last few years.
Crime seems to be on the increase.
Crime seems to go up in more affluent times.
Crime seems to have been reduced in the precinct area.
Crime seems to run over the city in waves.
Crime seeps from city streets onto federal property and into federal buildings.
Crime sells aplenty, despite political proclamations over and again as ruinous to society.
Crime sew upon little fox either dig asolo.
Crime shatters the sense of security that is an essential element of a civilized society.
Crime shows contain commercial lifestyle and product messages.
Crime soars while the church sours.
Crime stats The latest crime stats for the metro area.
Crime stems from the human heart.
Crime stimulates prison construction, the surveillance and security sectors and others.
Crime Stop Dedicated to reuniting owners with their stolen property.
Crime Stop messages.
Crime takes a big bite out of small businesses.
Crime takes places.
Crime tends to be lower where people know one another and interact more often.
Crime tends to go down.
Crime tends to go up in warmer weather, and that summer was particularly hot and muggy.
Crime terrorizes the innocent.
Crime threatens people's security and in the long term also democracy.
Crime threatens survival.
Crime touches everyone.
Crime touches most people, directly or indirectly, at some point in their lifetimes.
Crime typically increases during the summer because of the influx of tourists.
Crime Typologies Up soon.
Crime undermines the quality of life in our society.
Crime victims compensation mental health treatment rules and fees.
Crime victims compensation-amends.
Crime violates relationships.
Crime violates the social contract a new South Africa so desperately needs.
Crime waits for no one.
Crimes account for fewer than half of firearm deaths.
Crimes affect the offender too.
Crimes are actions which are defined by the government to be criminal.
Crimes are actions.
Crimes are considered offenses against the state, or society as a whole.
Crimes are covered up, they say.
Crimes are generally offenses against the state, and are accordingly prosecuted by the state .
Crimes are justifiable.
Crimes are no less than people being disrespected.
Crimes are often undetected until daylight or even days later.
Crimes are on the rise.
Crimes are punishable by more than six months in jail.
Crimes are telecast as they occur.
Crimes are then merely acts in violation of the law.
Crimes can continue unabated until the treaty becomes law.
Crimes come in many different severity levels.
Crimes committed by gang youths are often random and seemingly without rationale.
Crimes committed by non-citizens are a serious problem.
Crimes committed by women are on the rise.
Crimes committed by youth also are on the rise.
Crimes do happen in Jackson.
Crimes go unpunished, cases are delayed, and the entire legal framework has become politicised.
Crimes go unreported and unsolved because of witnesses' fear of retaliation.
Crimes have a much higher solvability if reported quickly.
Crimes have different degrees of seriousness.
Crimes have victims.
Crimes hidden in the shadows are still crimes nonetheless.
Crimes involving arson and explosives are the most devastating crimes confronting our society.
Crimes involving knives are also on the rise.
Crimes involving larceny are common.
Crimes involving one of their own are something else.
Crimes listed above are their main source of income.
Crimes listed on the page include thefts of guns, all-terrain vehicles, lawn mowers and computers.
Crimes motivated by bias carry more severe penalties than the underlying crimes.
Crimes motivated by hate and fear affect a community more than any other crime.
Crimes motivated by hate or prejudice are serious violations of the law.
Crimes motivated by racial animosity require a special response.
Crimes motivated by racial or homophobic prejudice fall into a category termed hate crime .
Crimes occur during the day as well as at night.
Crimes occur everywhere and to all types of people.
Crimes occur in all sectors of the society, and such problems exist on college campuses as well.
Crimes occur in the workplace all the time.
Crimes occur most often at home.
Crimes occur on their campuses as well.
Crimes range from the brutally violent to the cunningly brilliant and high-tech.
Crimes ranging from armed robbery to embezzlement can destroy even the best businesses.
Crimes require people and the area was largely deserted on evenings and weekends.
Crimes resulting from drug addiction also are on the rise.
Crimes typically associated with DNA analysis are murder, sexual assault, and assault.
Crimes typically involving DNA samples are murder, sexual assault, and assault.
Crimes violate communal norms.
Crime always has a human face and affects real people in real ways.
Crime frequently clusters along major roads.
Crime often results from victims trying to recoup gambling losses.
Crimes often occur while driving, parking or walking to and from vehicles.
Crime usually is considered an important domestic issue.
Crime usually results from problems such as substance abuse, loss of control and other factors.
All crime is important, both financially and at a personal level.
All crime is local.
All crime reflects the stress level of society generally.
All crimes are collective.
All crimes are crimes of hate.
All crimes are hate crimes .
All crimes are hate crimes.
All crimes are hateful.
All crimes involve hate of some sort.
Any crime is too much crime.
Every crime ends with a sentence.
Every crime has a bad effect on the victim but hate crimes are probably the most damaging.
Every crime has a victim.
Every crime is defined by a list of elements.
Every crime is more or less a mystery.
Every crime is unique, as is each defendant.
Every crime represents an attack on our collective safety and security as a community.
Every crime requires both thoughts AND acts.
Many crimes are more prevalent outside Portland.
Many crimes are unique to rural areas.
Many crimes are, then, beyond the scope of worldly retribution.
Many crimes go unreported or unnoticed.
Many crimes occur because people are in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Many crimes occur in places where women with disabilities receive services, learn, work or live.
Many crimes occur in the daytime.
Many crimes occur involving checks and credit cards.
More crime occurs around speakeasies.
More crimes happen because there are fewer eyes on the street.
Most crime actually occurs during the day, or inside buildings.
Most crime causes consequences.
Most crime causes injuries.
Most crime causes serious injuries.
Most crime draws attention.
Most crime draws national attention.
Most crime involves contact.
Most crime involves intellectual properties.
Most crime involves properties.
Most crime is against property.
Most crime is caused by biological factors.
Most crime is committed by career criminals.
Most crime is committed by right-handed persons.
Most crime is committed in daylight.
Most crime is economically motivated.
Most crime is made up of random, unpredictable, unconnected incidents.
Most crime is opportunity driven.
Most crime is related to drug use.
Most crime is the petty type.
Most crime occurs in cities.
Most crime occurs in the daytime, anyway.
Most crime pays very little.
Most crime relates to money.
Most crime reports, however, result in the filing of criminal charges or other legal action.
Most crime takes places.
Most crime threatens survival.
Most crimes are crimes of opportunity and can be avoided with a little planning and common sense.
Most crimes are 'crimes of opportunity'.
Most crimes are crimes of opportunity.
Most crimes are easy to commit and very simple in design.
Most crimes are intraracial.
Most crimes are now grounds for deportation.
Most crimes are of the petty larceny variety, such as pickpocketing.
Most crimes are petty such as pick-pocketing, credit card fraud and bag snatching.
Most crimes are property-related such as Burglary, robbery, and drug possession and sales.
Most crimes are punishable under state, rather than federal, laws.
Most crimes are relatively controllable.
Most crimes are violations of state law.
Most crimes do interfere with someone else's freedom, happiness or security.
Most crimes go unsolved.
Most crimes happen at night.
Most crimes happen because someone gave a criminal an opportunity to act.
Most crimes happen because the criminal was given the opportunity.
Most crimes here are to get money.
Most crimes involve residential burglary, auto theft or vandalism to parked cars.
Most crimes involve the theft of personal property.
Most crimes involve theft of personal property in public areas or burglary from cars or residences.
Most crimes involve theft of personal property in public areas or burglary of vacant residences.
Most crimes involving child victims are felonies.
Most crimes occur singly as opposed to many crimes being committed simultaneously.
Most crimes occur when a criminal finds a safe and easy opportunity to strike.
Most crimes remain unsolved because people are afraid to talk.
Most crimes seem to be of the economic kind so Sweden is still a pretty safe country to live in.
Most crimes take place during the day.
Most crimes take place when there is less police presence.
Much crime goes undetected.
Some crime causes security.
Some crime has possibility.
Some crime includes involve weapons.
Some crime includes weapons.
Some crime increases crashes.
Some crime involves pangolins.
Some crime involves use.
Some crime is intrafamilial.
Some crime spills over from Oakland on the east side.
Some crimes affect more than one area.
Some crimes are indeed a result of luck and opportunity for the criminal.
Some crimes are so heinous, death is the only appropriate penalty.
Some crimes are too terrible to be forgotten.
Some crimes are too terrible to ever forgive - like serial murders.
Some crimes are unforgivable.
Some crimes can be either a misdemeanor or felony, depending on how bad the behavior was.
Some crimes consist merely of criminal negligence that produces criminal consequences.
Some crimes demand it.
Some crimes go unsolved because they are never reported.
Some crimes have different degrees that provide for different forms of punishment.
Some crimes just scream for the death penalty, and the sooner the better.
Some crimes occur as isolated incidents.
Some crimes relate to person , others to property .
Some crimes require a specific intent.
Some crimes require personal contact to file a report.
Crimean war breaks out.
Crimean war ends.
Criminal acts are actions.
Criminal acts are criminal acts, regardless of intent.
Criminal acts are dangerous activities.
Criminal acts are human activities.
Criminal acts are infrequent both in early and later ages.
Criminal acts are normally non violent and very few criminals have guns.
Criminal acts are predictable .
Criminal acts are reasonably foreseeable .
Criminal acts are the responsibility of the judicial system and are beyond the scope of arbitration.
Criminal acts can rapidly turn violent.
Criminal acts can take place at an unsupervised party, or for that matter, at a supervised party.
Criminal acts deserve to be prosecuted.
Criminal acts involve short-range choices, that they tend to occur on the spur of the moment.
Criminal acts seem more violent today.
Most criminal acts are exciting.
Criminal action needs to be initiated against the guilty.
Most criminal actions are brief in duration.
Criminal activities are attractive because other sources of money have strings attached.
Criminal activity can be as little as holding a Palestinian flag during the Intifada.
Criminal activity continues to increase throughout the country.
Criminal activity declines significantly as individuals mature into their thirties.
Criminal activity demands effective punishment.
Criminal activity exists everywhere.
Criminal activity exists in all neighborhoods and needs to be aggressively addressed.
Criminal activity flourishes in dimly lighted areas.
Criminal activity has no nationality.
Criminal activity has very few supporters.
Criminal activity hurts and outrages people, and it costs the community billions of dollars.
Criminal activity increases, as many kinds of deadly weapons are introduced into the market.
Criminal activity is also a skilled profession.
Criminal activity is encouraged by the resultant high prices.
Criminal activity is just that, because someone decided that it was.
Criminal activity is no greater or lesser here than it is in many other places.
Criminal activity is the problem.
Criminal activity is up and they are becoming more dangerous.
Criminal activity takes place when there is an opportunity.
Criminal activity transcends race or ethnicity.
Most criminal activity involves petty theft, such as pickpocketing and purse snatching.
Some criminal activity is, of course, essential.
Criminal anarchy is a class E felony.
Criminal appeals are in part a question of numbers.
Criminal attacks are sudden and unexpected.
Criminal attempt is punished one offense classification lower than the most serious crime attempted.
Criminal behavior begets criminal behavior.
Criminal behavior can warrant a long deathwatch .
Criminal behavior can warrant a long deathwatch.
Criminal behavior includes rape and other forms of sexual assault.
Criminal behavior is a function of norms which are discriminative for criminal behavior.
Criminal behavior is a thought process, just like anorexia or bulimia.
Criminal behavior is against the rules of society.
Criminal behavior is behavior that breaks criminal codes established by our society.
Criminal behavior is caused by environmental factors such as, poverty and abusive parents.
Criminal behavior is frequently the means for financing a drug habit.
Criminal behavior is grounds for deportation.
Criminal behavior is hereditary.
Criminal behavior is human behavior, an has much in common with non criminal behavior.
Criminal behavior is learnable and learned in interaction with other deviant persons.
Criminal behavior is learned in interaction with other persons in a process of communication.
Criminal behavior is learned in interaction with others persons in a process of communication.
Criminal behavior is learned through conditioning or imitation.
Criminal behavior is learned.
Criminal behavior is lower after program par-ticipation, especially for graduates.
Criminal behavior is lower after program participation, especially for graduates.
Criminal behavior is no different than any other behavior that is learned.
All criminal behavior is basically a stimulus response pattern.
Criminal behaviour is rewarded due to benign neglect.
Some criminal behaviour is linked to culture.
Criminal calls have priority over service calls or non- emergency requests.
Criminal cartels grow in influence.
Criminal cases are particularly unique, each one being sui generis .
Criminal cases assigned for trial have priority over civil cases assigned for trial.
Criminal cases Help is also available for people involved in criminal cases.
Criminal cases including homicides take over ten years to come to their conclusion.
Criminal cases involve a lawyer who represents an invisible party-the state.
Criminal cases involve misdemeanors such as drunk driving, domestic violence, and assault.
Criminal cases involving fraud by dentists are notoriously difficult to prosecute.
Criminal cases occur as a result of prosecution.
Criminal cases processed are the most serious crimes or felonies.
Criminal cases rush into the attomey.
Criminal cases take precedence over and delay all other cases.
Criminal cases take three to five years to move through the courts after a police raid.
Every criminal case is different.
Most criminal cases are brought against guilty defendants, the prosecutors argue.
Most criminal cases begin with a decision by a grand jury to indict a defendant.
Most criminal cases come under state laws.
Criminal charge is allegations.
Criminal charges are a possibility as well.
Criminal charges are pending due to an ongoing investigation.
Criminal charges are pending in both cases.
Criminal charges are pending, according to police.
Criminal charges are pending.
Criminal charges are still pending against the group.
Criminal charges penetrate the corporate veil which so many con-artists run to for protection.
Criminal charges punish the abuser.
Criminal charges remain a possibility.
All criminal charges brought by the company against the union leaders are to be dropped.
More criminal charges are likely.
Criminal complaints are absolutely privileged.
Criminal conduct is broken down into two classifications depending on severity.
Criminal conduct requires a mens rea and actus reus .
Criminal consequences is one thing, but being excluded from the family table is another.
Criminal contempt differs from civil contempt in numerous material respects.
Criminal contempt is a contempt of court
Criminal contempt is an offense against the public justice.
Criminal contempt is conduct that is directed against the dignity and authority of the court.
Criminal contempt is contempt of court.
Criminal control is much more effective than gun control.
Criminal convictions are fundamentally different from small claims judgments.
Criminal convictions can result in fines, imprisonment, or both.
Some criminal convictions prevent employment in social work.
Some criminal convictions prevent employment.
A criminal court is a court
Criminal court is in session with a large attendance of country people.
Criminal courts are courts.
Criminal courts mete out punishments.
Criminal courts release some drug defendants without explanation or on weak legal grounds.
Criminal courts remain unautomated statewide.
Criminal courts tackle the question every day.
Criminal defamation is a class B misdemeanor.
Criminal defendant seeks to appeal conviction of unlawful assault for three incidents at trial.
Criminal defendants are to be present.
Criminal defendants convicted in state courts have a further safeguard.
Criminal defendants have a constitutional right to the effective assistance of counsel.
Criminal defendants have a Sixth Amendment right to crossexamine witnesses.
Criminal defendants have an absolute right to bail guaranteed by the United States Constitution.
Criminal defendants have substantial constitutional protections.
Criminal defendants have the most procedural rights at suppression hearings prior to trial.
Criminal defendants have the right of judicial determination of the legality of their detention.
Criminal defendants have the right to a judicial determination of the legality of their detention.
Criminal defendants have the right to counsel, and attorneys have ready access to their clients.
Criminal defendants wait years for overburdened defense lawyers to be available for trial.
Every criminal defendant has the right to make a statement.
Most criminal defendants are, in fact guilty.
Criminal defenders have to learn immigration law as an added consequence.
Criminal defense is a specialized area of law.
Criminal defense is the passion of our firm.
Criminal disenfranchisement can follow conviction of either a state or federal felony.
Criminal economy is part of the official economy and related to it.
Criminal elements dominate much of urban Brazil.
Criminal elements slink away.
Criminal enforcement underlines our commitment to pursuing the most serious pollution violations.
Some criminal enterprises result in murder.
Criminal experts see no easy answer to the approaching crime wave.
Criminal felony includes such cases as aggravated sexual assault, battery, etc.
Criminal figures rise and fall in their influence, wealth and notoriety.
Criminal forfeiture is a punitive action by the government against the offender.
Criminal forfeiture operates as punishment for a crime.
Criminal forms follow the general forms and are provided for informational and educational purposes.
Criminal fraud is punishable by a jail term.
Criminal fraud requires sufficient evidence to prove guilt beyond a reasonable doubt.
Criminal gangs are about two things.
Criminal gangs run by Russian and Turkish men dominate the trade.
Criminal groups continue to have undue influence on Russia's commercial climate.
Some criminal hackers have all the hall-marks of the addict.
Most criminal hearings attract only five spectators or fewer.
Criminal History check on applicant.
Criminal homicide constitutes negligent homicide when it is committed negligently.
Criminal homicide includes murder, manslaughter and death by auto.
Criminal homicide is divided into many different categories.
Criminal homicide is murder, manslaughter or negligent homicide.
Criminal impersonation is a class D felony.
Criminal indictment reveals the various transactions the former broker conducted for drug dealers.
All criminal information is confidential.
Most criminal information is public information and is very easy to obtain.
Criminal insanity is one of the most common of morbid conditions.
Criminal intent is a necessary element for all crime.
Criminal intent is an essential element of every crime unless specifically excluded by statute.
Criminal intent requires capacity and knowledge.
Criminal investigation is a high-grade intellectual pursuit.
Criminal investigation requires specialized skills and training.
Criminal investigations are also under way.
Criminal investigations are checks.
Criminal investigations are law enforcement.
Criminal investigations are primarily the responsibility of the sergeants assigned to the unit.
Criminal investigations can be extraordinarily time-consuming and costly.
Criminal investigations fall to the attorney general's office or the military justice system.
Criminal investigations involve a variety of scientific fields and complex instrumentation.
Criminal investigations involving money laundering and cross border crimes can be complex.
Criminal investigations involving money laundering and cross-border crimes can be complex.
Criminal judges receive pre-sentence investigations.
Criminal jurisdiction is limited to minor offences.
Criminal juries are just as cautious.
Criminal justice addresses crime in society.
Criminal justice has a bachelor of arts degree with an emphasis in pre-law studies.
Criminal justice has an enormous potential for discriminatory effect.
Criminal justice involves the study of crime from a systems perspective.
Criminal justice is a growth industry.
Criminal justice is a mixture of professional and applied and social science disciplines.
Criminal justice is a strong minor and often leads to jobs in victim advocacy and probation.
Criminal justice is a topic that affects everyone and everyone has an opinion about it.
Criminal justice is already a campaign issue in the presidential race.
Criminal justice is another area of central importance to excluded young people.
Criminal justice is based on inquisitorial rather than adversarial principles.
Criminal justice is basically a social work organization.
Criminal justice is both a structure and a process.
Criminal justice is inherently an interdisciplinary field with many facets.
Criminal justice is largely a state issue.
Criminal justice is now often about the efficiency of conviction and the satisfaction of victims.
Criminal justice is now zealous eternal damnation.
Criminal justice is one example of such an area.
Criminal justice is one of the core responsibilities of county government.
Criminal justice is one of the most widely established approaches to addressing violence.
Criminal justice is the enforcement of criminal law.
Criminal justice is the fastest growing major in the United States.
Criminal justice is the legal responsibility of government.
Criminal justice is the way society manages deviance, maintains order and keeps society safe.
Criminal justice needs to be swift and just.
Criminal justice offer many opportunities in both the public and private sectors.
Criminal justice plays a peculiar role in history.
Criminal justice provides the social control function for a democratic society.
Criminal justice refers to police and the criminal court system.
Criminal justice remains a central feature of Australian political debate.
Criminal justice reprints.
Criminal knowledge is gained through reflection over past experience.
A criminal law is legal code
Criminal law considers a crime an act against society rather than an individual.
Criminal law consists of the criminal laws themselves and the law of criminal procedure.
Criminal law covers the really serious things like violence or stealing.
Criminal law deals primarily with crimes committed against the state, i.e. with social crimes.
Criminal law deals with disputes among persons or groups.
Criminal law exists to protect individuals against force or fraud.
Criminal law exists to protect people from the misdeeds of others.
Criminal law falls within the purview of federal jurisdiction under the Canadian Constitution.
Criminal law includes misdemeanors, felonies and treason.
Criminal law involves a citizen or a business and the state.
Criminal law is a better tool than punitive damages to punish and deter.
Criminal law is an area in which the precise use of language is particularly important.
Criminal law is analogous to tort law and often provides parallel actions.
Criminal law is characterized by norms and values affirmed by society.
Criminal law is concerned with the allocation of moral blame.
Criminal law is intended to stop crimes or offences from being committed and punish offenders.
Criminal law is made up of the criminal laws themselves and the law of criminal procedure.
Criminal law is one area in which the immigration laws can be seen at their most mean-spirited.
Criminal law is one of the most straightforward of the powers.
Criminal law is primarily concerned with the vindication of public law and order.
Criminal law is the body of law defining crimes.
Criminal law is the great centrepiece of any legal system.
Criminal law is the topic of Chapter Five.
Criminal law is the web that binds the criminal justice system together.
Criminal law is under federal jurisdiction.
Criminal law is under state jurisdiction.
Criminal law is used by governments to punish law-breakers.
Criminal law is, today, mostly statutory.
Criminal law leaves it wide open, like the wild west.
Criminal law permits the performance of an abortion necessary to save a woman's life.
Criminal law places the burden of proof on the defendant.
Criminal law prohibits certain acts and dictates non-financial forms of punishment.
Criminal law relates to crimes against the public including theft, sexual assault and murder.
Criminal law sets the acceptable limits of conduct in society.
Criminal law wants to protect certain values , such as life and limb , or property .
Criminal law wants to protect certain values, such as life and limb, or property.
Criminal laws are laws.
Criminal laws can provide a very effective way of removing dangerous human beings from society.
Criminal laws differ from state to state.
Criminal laws enforced include all State misdemeanor and felony statutes.
Criminal lawyers are quite different from their civil counterparts.
Criminal lawyers defend or help prosecute by interviewing clients and witnesses.
Criminal lawyers represent people who have been charged with a crime.
Criminal lawyers see the worst people at their best.
Criminal litigation is a war of attrition, and time is on the defendant's side.
Criminal matters range in severity from simple non-assaultive criminal cases to capital murder.
Criminal matters remain Canada's responsibility.
Criminal minds think a like.
Criminal minds think alike.
Criminal mischief is a Class D crime.
Criminal mischief is a class-four felony and is the most serious of the charges.
Criminal misconduct brings disrespect to the entire family and violates a family's reputation.
Criminal negligence differs from ordinary negligence in two respects.
Criminal negligence is a greater failure and a greater falling below the standard of care.
Criminal negligence is defined as the reckless disregard for the safety of others.
Criminal negligence is negligence
Criminal negligence is negligence.
Criminal oases assigned for trial have priority over civil cases assigned for trial.
Criminal offenders are responsible for their response to intervention.
Criminal offenders relate that a dog is one of the most effective crime deterrents.
Criminal offense is transgression
All criminal offenses have a statute of limitations except homicide.
Any criminal offense can involve substance abuse.
Many criminal operations take part in corruption , black marketeering , terrorism and abduction .
Many criminal operations take part in corruption, black marketeering, terrorism and abduction.
Criminal organisations operating in the territory of the Czech Republic come mainly from abroad.
Criminal organizations are likely to penetrate troubled banking and commercial sectors.
Criminal organizations are organizations.
Criminal organizations attempt to manipulate political and legal systems to their advantage.
Criminal organizations cultivate an image of omnipotence and invulnerability.
Criminal organizations represent another threat.
Criminal penalties apply to everyone, regardless of the race of the offender.
Criminal penalties apply to everyone, regardless of the race of the victim.
Criminal penalties are also a possibility.
Criminal penalties are also possible.
Criminal penalties are available against any who refuse to do so.
Criminal penalties are available in cases of theft.
Criminal penalties are important for stopping crime and so are the police, but there are limits.
Criminal penalties are on the books, but real piracy enforcement has barely begun.
Criminal penalties are possible for employers who engage in persistent violations.
Criminal penalties can include fines and prison sentences, or both.
Criminal penalties can result in imprisonment.
Criminal penalties vary based upon the offense.
Criminal penalties vary, depending on the amount of marijuana involved.
Criminal penalties vary, depending on the specific charges and circumstances.
Criminal perpetrators range from individual physicians to national, publicly-traded companies.
Criminal procedure follows the same principles as in civil cases.
Criminal procedure includes court rules, laws, constitutional rights, and case law.
Criminal procedure is a method for enforcing the criminal law.
Criminal procedure refers to the I. methods the government can use to investigate criminals.
Most criminal procedure is the same for young persons as it is for adults.
Criminal proceedings are almost unheard of.
Criminal proceedings are pending.
Criminal proceedings are presumptively open to attendance by the general public.
Criminal proceedings are underway.
Criminal proceedings have for their object the punishment of a person who has committed a crime.
Criminal proceedings take place in a series of stages.
Criminal profiles can be amazingly accurate.
A criminal prosecution is an action
Criminal prosecution is almost unheard of.
Criminal prosecution is normally part of a state's sovereign authority.
Criminal prosecution is possible, but in practice so rare that in most cases the risk is negligible.
Criminal prosecution is the best deterrent.
Criminal prosecution remains an option in serious cases.
Criminal prosecution requires a substantially higher burden of proof than a civil dispute.
Criminal prosecutions are still rare.
Criminal prosecutions serve to enhance voluntary compliance.
Criminal prosecutors operate within certain restraints.
Criminal psychopaths manifest an abnormal balance between the two cerebral hemispheres.
Criminal punishment includes fines and imprisonment.
Criminal punishment is one way to force batterers to assume responsibility for their actions.
Criminal punishments require proof beyond a reasonable doubt.
Criminal recidivism is a feature of the offender profile most likely caught by DNA evidence.
A criminal record is a list
Criminal record is the single most important factor in identifying the career criminal.
Criminal records are lists.
Criminal records are only one small part of the growing problem.
Criminal records are public information and are on the Internet.
Criminal records are public to protect criminals from the judges making stuff up.
Criminal records can bar entry.
Criminal records can be a challenge.
Criminal records check information sheet.
Criminal records check mandatory.
Criminal responsibility can only apply to an individual.
Criminal responsibility is defined.
Criminal rules apply to discovery, burdens of proof, motions, and trial.
Criminal rules apply.
Criminal sanctions apply in appropriate cases.
Criminal sanctions apply.
Criminal sanctions are also a major prevention measure.
Criminal sanctions are an inappropriate response to breaches of journalistic ethics.
Criminal sanctions are applicable.
Criminal sanctions are currently inadequate in deterring corporate wrongdoing.
Criminal sanctions are essential tools in stopping abuse and violence.
Criminal sanctions are essential.
Criminal sanctions are, unfortunately, the only guarantee.
Criminal searches require police to demonstrate probable cause.
Criminal sodomy is a class B misdemeanor.
Criminal solicitation is an offense of the class next below that of the crime solicited.
Criminal statutes punish adults for contributing to the delinquency of a minor.
Criminal statutes specify the forms of maltreatment that are criminally punishable.
Criminal techniques vary from country to country.
Criminal trespass is a Class C misdemeanor.
Criminal trespass is a misdemeanor.
Criminal trials are about testing the evidence.
Criminal trials are always without a jury.
Criminal trials are trials.
Criminal trials involving violence can at times have graphic evidence.
Most criminal trials take place in state courts, which are governed by state evidence codes.
Criminal violations come in two varieties, misdemeanors and felonies.
Criminal violations require a court appearance.
All criminal violations require a mental state equivalent to scienter.
Criminal violence is a major social problem.
Criminal violence is caused by learned values about appropriate responses to life conditions.
Criminal violence is the most destabilizing.
Criminal work is as close to trial by ambush as our system allows.
A criminal is principal
Criminal isa individual.
Criminal isa person.
Criminal isa somebody.
Criminal isa someone.
Criminals acquire other people's identities in a variety of ways.
Criminals act, think and behave differently from normal people.
Criminals also avoid paying taxes on their enterprises' profits.
Criminals also defraud their colleagues.
Criminals also drive cars.
Criminals also respond to the law of demand.
Criminals also use knives, prescription drugs and household products to commit crimes.
Criminals appear to be emboldened, acting in broad daylight and on well-traveled roads.
Criminals appear to enjoy more protection than do law-abiding people.
Criminals are a superstitious and cowardly lot.
Criminals are a superstitious cowardly lot.
Criminals are a superstitious, cowardly lot.
Criminals are afraid to be caught in Richmond with a gun.
Criminals are almost the only ones left with guns.
Criminals are also quite rational.
Criminals are criminals because they disobey the law.
Criminals are criminals, no matter what color.
Criminals are criminals, whether the crime is trespassing or stealing.
Criminals are criminals.
Criminals are exempt from gun registration.
Criminals are exempt from the rules.
Criminals are fearful of being shot before they can carry out a crime.
Criminals are greatly inferior to civilians of the same ethnic origin in educational attainments.
Criminals are hackers.
Criminals are humans.
Criminals are in fact criminals.
Criminals are lazy, greedy and make mistakes.
Criminals are least likely to act when there is a high risk of their actions being witnessed.
Criminals are less likely to attack a group of people.
Criminals are like that, too.
Criminals are located in jails.
Criminals are located in prisons.
Criminals are mobile also.
Criminals are more apt to target databases filled with credit card numbers.
Criminals are more impulsive than non-criminals.
Criminals are more likely to be observed by neighbors, or passersby, or police patrol.
Criminals are more likely to use cars, gloves, and ski-masks to evade capture.
Criminals are more savvy and computer literate, and so are there methods.
Criminals are no longer scared of the khaki uniform.
Criminals are normally connoisseurs of power's subtleties.
Criminals are open game.
Criminals are people.
Criminals are predators and, for the most part, cowards.
Criminals are predators who prey on weaker members of their own species.
Criminals are principal.
Criminals are quick to use technology to their own ends.
Criminals are quick to use the latest technologies in an effort to evade detection.
Criminals are rational beings, after all.
Criminals are selfish people.
Criminals are so typical, so boring.
Criminals are solely responsible for their actions, period.
Criminals are the natural and elective sociopaths who savage civil life.
Criminals are three times more likely to be killed by their victims than by the police.
Criminals are U.S. citizens like everyone else.
Criminals are under no obligation to have their motives revealed.
Criminals are usually too desperate to weigh consequences against benefits.
Criminals are very unlikely to apply for a picture I.D. to commit crimes with firearms.
Criminals are what they are because they break the laws.
Criminals are willing to hurt or kill their fellow human beings.
Criminals are wise enough to move their activities to where they know there is no gun-carry law.
Criminals are workers.
Criminals are, after all, international businessmen.
Criminals are, by and large, stupid, short-sighted, and very often fatalistic.
Criminals are, by definition, lawbreakers.
Criminals are, by definition, law-breakers.
Criminals attack the people in the categories listed in the legislation.
Criminals avoid neighborhoods where such groups exist.
Criminals avoid neighborhoods where such groups exits.
Criminals become that way because of their poor training.
Criminals can be creative.
Criminals can commit mayhem in such areas with less fear of facing armed opposition.
Criminals can conceal their presence and activity from witnesses at night.
Criminals can easily resort to theft or the black-market to get their guns.
Criminals can exploit for selfish ends, the use armed force to restore the Rule of Law.
Criminals can get all the guns and knives they want.
Criminals can get any kind of weapon.
Criminals can look like anyone.
Criminals can multiply their victims by the thousands over the Internet.
Criminals can obtain personal information much easier than most people believe.
Criminals can probably spot westerners pretty easily.
Criminals can profit from their crimes while many good, honest folk barely scrape by.
Criminals can run . . .
Criminals can safely trust that schools are undefended places to attack.
Criminals can still murder without firearms.
Criminals can too easily slip through the cracks of the legal system and walk free.
Criminals carry guns to commit crimes and intimate people.
Criminals celebrate when politicians clear the path for their destructive ways.
Criminals certainly don t act out of love for their victim.
Criminals choose to be criminals.
Criminals come in all flavors.
Criminals come in handy.
Criminals come in many sizes and shapes, and all ages.
Criminals commit crimes with impunity, knowing their chances of doing hard time are slim.
Criminals commit crimes.
Criminals commit ten million violent crimes a year.
Criminals consider being sent to the open prison a privilege.
Criminals constantly complain about being broke.
Criminals create a vision wrapped in the idealism that all events have the potential for good.
Criminals create problems for themselves and other people.
Criminals dart out of alleys and open fire.
Criminals deplore regulations on criminality, for criminality is fundamentally a private act.
Criminals deserve no justice, they deserve only pain.
Criminals DO exist.
Criminals do that too, hoping to use the result of their PR campaign to get favorable treatment.
Criminals do their business on anonymity.
Criminals do what they do because they can so easily get away with it.
Criminals don t like to get caught, so they look for easy targets.
Criminals don t like to work very hard to obtain their desired, unlawful ends.
Criminals employ every trick they can to get away with their crime.
Criminals end up with more sexual partners than nice guys.
Criminals exploit the weakest links in the system.
Criminals favor the tens of thousands of high-capacity clips remaining in circulation.
Criminals fear armed citizens more than police.
Criminals fear victims' guns.
Criminals feed on apathy.
Criminals find new meaning and direction for their lives.
Criminals freely cross city, county and state lines all the time.
Criminals generally avoid Caledonia, because it has the state's oldest jail.
Criminals generally go out of their way to avoid choosing a cop for a victim.
Criminals generally prefer easy targets, and computer criminals are no exception.
Criminals generally tend to stray away from groups of people.
Criminals get a lust for what they do.
Criminals get away with murder and are excused in a court of law.
Criminals get away with too much.
Criminals get together for a big heist that turns into a disaster.
Criminals go to prison.
Criminals gravitate to places where they feel safe and secure.
Criminals hate anything that helps anyone, instinctively.
Criminals hate loud victims.
Criminals have (part) arms.
Criminals have (part) body substances.
Criminals have (part) cell membranes.
Criminals have (part) cells.
Criminals have (part) corpi.
Criminals have (part) cytoplasm.
Criminals have (part) heads.
Criminals have (part) human bodies.
Criminals have (part) legs.
Criminals have (part) material bodies.
Criminals have (part) necks.
Criminals have (part) nuclei.
Criminals have (part) personality.
Criminals have (part) plasma membranes.
Criminals have (part) sections.
Criminals have (part) vacuoles.
Criminals have a plan.
Criminals have a wide availability of equipment and training.
Criminals have access to whatever weapons they want.
Criminals have all the rights and victims have none.
Criminals have eyes too, and they know which direction a camera is facing.
Criminals have faces.
Criminals have far too many rights under the Liberal government.
Criminals have guns.
Criminals have loose tongues, and their tales travel a long, long way.
Criminals have more rights than our children do.
Criminals have more rights than the victims.
Criminals have no Constitutional right to free legal representation.
Criminals have no fear of being caught, and police have no credibility.
Criminals have no fear of punishment.
Criminals have no right to be left alone.
Criminals have the best technology.
Criminals have the right of inheritance under the law.
Criminals have the right to an education.
Criminals have very few options in regards to pursuing legal action against the prisons.
Criminals have weak egos and damaged personalities.
Criminals held in prison for long sentences means money now and money later, too.
Criminals ignore it.
Criminals ignore them- to the peril of unarmed citizens.
Criminals intentionally alter their prints by using glue or hair spray.
Criminals involve in activities.
Criminals just avoid the laws anyway.
Criminals kill peopleit is an unfortunate part of humanity.
Criminals know all the hiding places.
Criminals know exactly what their risks are, that is an important part of the profession.
Criminals know it.
Criminals know that all too well.
Criminals know that one in two homes has a gun, but very few people are permitted to carry a gun.
Criminals know when a homeowner is serious about using it.
Criminals like to commit crimes at places they have become familiar with.
Criminals look for easy targets.
Criminals look for hiding places.
Criminals look for people who are scared, confused or vulnerable.
Criminals look for premises that indicate a lack of vigilance.
Criminals look for the easiest opportunities.
Criminals look for the easiest, trouble-free opportunities.
Criminals look for the highest return with the least risk.
Criminals love information.
Criminals love it when their victims can t defend themselves.
Criminals love the cover of darkness.
Criminals mainly choose targets which appear to be unaware of their surroundings.
Criminals mainly have guns in order to commit crimes.
Criminals maintain low profiles.
Criminals make no distinctions when it comes to their murderous targets.
Criminals make their own rules.
Criminals make trouble for policemen.
Criminals merely resort to theft and the black market to get their guns.
Criminals merely resort to theft or the black market to get guns.
Criminals misuse such power when they murder, rape, maim, steal and blackmail.
Criminals move around.
Criminals never get business licenses.
Criminals now have unprecedented access to high quality guns at affordable prices.
Criminals operate individually or in small groups.
Criminals operate on the basis of hate or other impure motives.
Criminals pick their own punishment, by their actions.
Criminals piggyback on government-sanctioned lawlessness.
Criminals play on the people who have lost their pets and are offering a reward.
Criminals prefer easy targets.
Criminals prefer to attack the defenseless.
Criminals prefer, by far, easy targets.
Criminals prey on individuals and are more likely to leave large groups alone.
Criminals prey on the weak and defenseless.
Criminals realize there is less law enforcement coverage thus reduced potential for arrest.
Criminals receive better treatments.
Criminals receive lenient treatment.
Criminals receive treatments.
Criminals relocate and take vacations also, and they just love to mix work with play.
Criminals rely on the time lag in the detection of their activities to avoid getting caught.
Criminals remove serial numbers, among other things.
Criminals reportedly switch throwaway cell phones regularly to evade detection.
Criminals represent the most obvious example.
Criminals roam our streets, citizens cower in fear, and evil is everywhere.
Criminals run rampant through the streets every day.
Criminals say that a dog is one of the most effective crime deterrents.
Criminals seek out preoccupied shoppers.
Criminals seek secrecy for their crimes.
Criminals seek vulnerability and opportunity to commit their crimes.
Criminals select their victims and targets, focusing on the unaware or unprepared.
Criminals show great arrogance and assertiveness in their efforts to gain control of banks.
Criminals simply expand their knowledge of criminal techniques and hone their skills.
Criminals steal handguns.
Criminals steal passwords from the sick and dead and scout classified systems without.
Criminals store critical evidence within computers, from business records to E-mail.
Criminals strike in a number of ways.
Criminals succeed in taking a gun away from an armed victim less than one percent of the time.
Criminals switch to less dangerous crimes when potential victims are likely to be armed.
Criminals take advantage of electronic banking.
Criminals take advantage of our better acts and deeds.
Criminals take advantage of weary, easily-distracted passengers.
Criminals take their victims when they want and get away with the pizza too.
Criminals target tourists because they are perceived to be comparatively wealthy.
Criminals tend to agree.
Criminals tend to avoid well-lit places.
Criminals tend to be armed and run in packs.
Criminals tend to repeatedly use the same payphone stations to operate their illegal businesses.
Criminals tend to report a heavier usage of alcohol and drugs than the rest of society.
Criminals tend to seek out uninvolved workplaces to commit their crimes.
Criminals tend to single out solitary figures, much easier to intimidate or overcome.
Criminals throw guns onto Richmond's streets to try to avoid getting more time in jail.
Criminals trafficking in illicit weapons, drugs and human lives recognize no national borders.
Criminals travel easily across all borders.
Criminals use baseball bats, knives, fireplace pokers and bricks to kill their victims.
Criminals use fear, intimidation, and violence - they look for people that make good victims.
Criminals use it to evade the law.
Criminals use new tools and devices.
Criminals use state of the art equipment while law enforcement is at least five years behind.
Criminals use stolen credit card numbers to make purchases over the phone or through the mail.
Criminals use the Internet to target students.
Criminals use the system's technology against it.
Criminals using remailers are hard to capture.
Criminals wait for an opportunity.
Criminals wait for summer months knowing that people leave doors and windows open due to the heat.
Criminals walk free.
Criminals watch their victims.
Criminals weigh the cost of the crime against the benefits.
Criminals weigh the costs of the crime against the benefits.
Criminals worry about running into armed citizens.
Criminals always prefer the easy mark.
Criminals always underestimate the ability of the government to get to the bottom of the crime.
Criminals often act when opportunities to commit crimes present themselves.
Criminals often break into veterinary offices and trucks to steal it.
Criminals often collect account numbers from telephone or Internet scams.
Criminals often figure there are valuables in the packages.
Criminals often have weapons.
Criminals often hide in parked cars and attack when the driver returns.
Criminals often impersonate hotel employees, police officers or government officials.
Criminals often kill people who've already turned over their money and put up no resistance.
Criminals often move from state to state to avoid detection.
Criminals often operate with near impunity.
Criminals often plead innocence claiming they merely respond to a bad early life.
Criminals often receive lighter sentences in exchange for guilty pleas.
Criminals often regard older persons as easy targets for many kinds of crimes.
Criminals often see a victim as someone that looks vulnerable.
Criminals often stalk a potential victim for blocks in a city.
Criminals often target persons who are part of large crowds.
Criminals often trace their lives of crime roots back to a broken family.
Criminals often use stolen vehicles to commit other crimes.
Criminals often use the mail for drug trafficking.
Criminals sometimes hide there.
Criminals sometimes pose as couriers delivering gifts.
Criminals sometimes work in pairs.
Criminals usually avoid well-lit areas.
Criminals usually know that they have committed a crime.
Criminals usually obtain guns through black market deals and theft.
Criminals usually obtain guns through black-market deals and theft.
Criminals usually pick their victims by watching body language.
Criminals usually work in pairs.
All criminals have the potential to be violent.
All criminals operate on the basis of hate or other impure motive.
All criminals pose a threat to the community.
Any criminal also is guaranteed treatment according to law.
Many criminals can trace past criminals in their ancestry.
Many criminals develop target areas to work as well as predictable methods of operation.
Many criminals go to jail for two months and leave.
Many criminals have an alias.
Many criminals have radio scanners to listen to the police.
Many criminals have strong friendships, solid in shared interests and mutual trust.
Many criminals have such a receding forehead.
Many criminals have weapons, and most injuries have resulted when victims resisted.
Many criminals move a lot of money around without ever paying income taxes.
Many criminals talk.
Many criminals target favorite areas and have predictable methods of operation.
Many criminals undoubtedly seek to buy a gun from a less-regulated gun show.
Many criminals use firearms to commit their crimes.
Many criminals wear gloves to avoid leaving fingerprints.
Many criminals work as soldiers during the day.
More criminals committing greater numbers of crimes calls for a larger scale enforcement.
Most criminals are amateurs.
Most criminals are armed.
Most criminals are gosh-darn really sorry too, about their crimes.
Most criminals are in a highly nervous or emotional state when committing an armed robbery.
Most criminals are law-abiding.
Most criminals are non-ideological cowards.
Most criminals are only concerned with earthly justice - the laws of man.
Most criminals are opportunists - they take what they see when they see it.
Most criminals are opportunists.
Most criminals are poor and even when they have lawyers they are lousy.
Most criminals are young men from the lower socio-economic groups.
Most criminals experience some level of shame, guilt or loss of self-esteem.
Most criminals fall into one of two categories.
Most criminals have faces.
Most criminals involve in activities.
Most criminals live in the gray areas.
Most criminals pay cash.
Most criminals receive better treatments.
Most criminals receive treatments.
Most criminals refuse to accept responsibility for the crimes they commit.
Most criminals released from prison are repeat offenders.
Most criminals return to prison within a short time.
Most criminals select a victim who acts timid, frightened or unsure.
Most criminals take advantage of the situation at hand.
Some criminals are quite brilliant.
Some criminals are too strong to be brought to trial.
Some criminals arrive at farmhouses.
Some criminals build devices.
Some criminals even work in teams.
Some criminals fear a dog more than a person with a gun.
Some criminals give others a bad name.
Some criminals have liquor.
Some Criminals have No Shame.
Some criminals hit postal deposit boxes late at night.
Some criminals join gang.
Some criminals kidnap victims.
Some criminals look at the dashboards of cars.
Some criminals really get what they deserve.
Some criminals simply stop committing crimes.
Some criminals think eluding the police is a game.
Some criminals use telemarketing techniques to get information for theft purposes.
Criminalisation of politics is one of the issues that confronts India.
A criminalisation is legislation
Criminalisation generates enormous problems by driving drug taking and dealing underground.
Criminalisation needs to be complemented by action in other spheres.
A criminality is guilt
Criminality appears to be on the increase.
Criminality continues to be a big problem.
Criminality expands to fill the available storage space.
Criminality grows day by day.
Criminality involves more than imbalanced hormones or faulty genetics.
Criminality is a cliche.
Criminality is above the country average.
Criminality is almost a non-existing word, but hospitality is the way of living here.
Criminality is fueled by the masses of unemployed.
Criminality is more significant in the coverage of personal relationships than any other subject.
Criminality is purposeful human behavior.
Criminality is rampant.
Criminality knows no race, no gender, no age, no religion and no political affiliation.
Criminality refers to a degree of disaffection from society that leads to criminal behavior.
Criminality usually attaches to deviant conduct.
A criminalization is legislation
Criminalization allows for the printing of money by organized crime interests.
Criminalization also creates a disrespect for the law.
Criminalization has the opposite effect.
Criminalization is a joke.
Criminalization is entirely orthagonal to discouragement.
Criminalization is the domestic face of imperialism.
Criminalization unecessarily putsa lucrative trade in the hands of organized crime.
Criminalizations are legislation.
Criminological research focuses on testing theories that explain crime causation.
Criminological theories point to a broad array of factors associated with criminal behavior.
Criminological theory is important for both academic and practical concerns.
Criminological theory is related to various types of criminal activity.
Most criminological theories posit a cause of crime.
A criminologist is a specialist
Criminologists are also interested in broader questions concerning crime and society.
Criminologists are psychologists.
Criminologists are sometimes interested in studying particular forms of criminal activity.
Criminologists are specialists.
Criminologists are the experts who study crime, criminals and their motivation.
Criminologists are workers.
Criminologists attribute the gender disparity in homicides to a difference in motives.
Criminologists enjoy escape-proof job security with many benefits.
Criminologists expect a wide number of attacks whose pure goal is financial profit.
Criminologists face much the same demand as sociologists in general.
Criminologists know the difficulty of demonstrating whether deterrence is actually effective.
Criminologists note that nationally the rate of murders and other violent crimes continues to fall.
Criminologists observe that punishment serves a variety of purposes.
Criminologists only write papers on why it was broken and the attempts to fix it.
Criminologists peddle profiles of the prototypical young killer.
Criminologists say our homes are more dangerous than any place in the world.
Criminologists seek to understand and explain criminal behavior.
Criminologists study a wide variety of phenomena associated with crime.
Criminologists tend to think of it as a type of applied criminology or clinical criminology .
Many criminologists consider the term to mean someone, who kills repeatedly, usually for sex.
Most criminologists conclude that poverty and crime indeed are related.
Some criminologists believe the police can have little impact on crime.
Some criminologists teach and conduct research in universities or colleges.
Some criminologists teach in universities or colleges.
Criminology also exists at the interstice between theory and practice.
Criminology also includes the more specific discipline of penology .
Criminology has an active student-run criminology club.
Criminology is a relatively modern science, and emerged on two levels simultaneously.
Criminology is a sociology
Criminology is environmentally friendly.
Criminology is sociologies.
Criminology is the body of knowledge regarding delinquency and crime as social phenomena.
Criminology is the fascinating interdisciplinary study of deviance.
Criminology is the multi-disciplinary study of crime, order and social control.
Criminology is the scientific study of crime and criminals.
Criminology is the sociological analysis of crime in American society.
Criminology is the study of crime and the criminal justice system.
Criminology is the study of processes of criminalisation and social control developed by the state.
Criminology needs to have a wider, educational role.
Criminology offers a broad range of theoretical and policy-related analyses.
Criminology presents a theoretical overview of crime and criminality.
Criminology refers to any kind of study concerned with crime and criminal justice.
Crimp bars distribute load to and between bearing bars.
Crimp connectors are a NO-NO on motorcycles.
Crimp ferrules are nickel plated over brass.
A crimp is a kidnapper
Crimp fold the ear.
Crimp fold the tail while simultaneously pushing half of the middle of the tail inside out.
Crimps appear as small negative polarity events along the trace of the waveform.
Crimps are locks.
Crimps are sufficient to hold a snap on the end of the cable.
Crimped rollers have a tube which is crimped down over the bearing to hold it into place.
A crimper is a kidnapper
Most crimpers start crimping on an angle at one side of the plug - causing the pins to get cocked.
Crimson clover attracts beneficial insects.
Crimson clover attracts insects.
Crimson clover needs moisture.
Crimson clover needs sufficient moisture.
Crimson clover produces mature seeds.
Crimson clover produces seeds.
Crimson clover provides early spring nitrogen.
Crimson clover provides nitrogen.
Most crimson clover attracts beneficial insects.
Most crimson clover attracts insects.
Most crimson clover needs moisture.
Most crimson clover needs sufficient moisture.
Most crimson clover produces mature seeds.
Most crimson clover produces seeds.
Most crimson clover provides early spring nitrogen.
Most crimson clover provides nitrogen.
Some crimson clover grows in mixture.
A crimson is red
Crimson flirts with royal purple.
Crimsons are more in demand.
Crinkle joint is fairly common in Montana when favorable conditions exist.
Some crinkle leaves have flavor.
Crinkled chambray is a product that continures to be in high demand.
Crinkled leaves are a sign of insufficient water.
Crinkled leaves are employed as sponges to get water from hollows in trees for drinking.
A crinoid is an echinoderm
Crinoid occurs in distribution and releases sperm via posterior incurrent syphon.
Crinoids are also present.
Crinoids are among Maine s most abundant fossils.
Crinoids are animals.
Crinoids are dioecious , with separate male and female individuals.
Crinoids are echinoderms, a group of animals that also includes the sea-urchins and starfish.
Crinoids are echinoderms.
Crinoids are effectively impossible to keep in aquaria.
Crinoids are especially easy to find here.
Crinoids are illustrated by sea lilies , starfish and sea urchins on the Great Barrier Reef .
Crinoids are more abundant and diverse.
Crinoids are niether abundant or familiar organisms today.
Crinoids are now fairly rare.
Crinoids are organisms that have the morphology of a stemmed plant but are actually animals.
Crinoids are sessile.
Crinoids are something like starfish on a stalk.
Crinoids are strictly of marine origin and can be likened to a starfish with a stem.
Crinoids are suspension feeders.
Crinoids are, thus, one of the most successful forms of life on earth.
Crinoids feed by extending their arms to catch particles that float past.
Crinoids feed by filtering small particles of food from the sea water with their feather like arms.
Crinoids have a long fossil record dating back hundreds of millions of years.
Crinoids have a mouth on the top surface that is surrounded by feeding arms .
Crinoids have a mouth on the top surface that is surrounded by feeding arms.
Crinoids have a remarkable resemblance to flowers, but are filter-feeding echinoderms.
Crinoids have unique arms designed for filter feeding.
Crinoids move very slowly on their own, but the current provides plenty of additional movement.
Crinoids produce non-feeding larvae.
Crinoids still live in deep seas today.
All crinoids are passive suspension feeders.
Crinum lilies are hardy plants.
Crinum lilies are members of the amaryllis family, having six petals in their blooms.
Crinum s are old-fashioned southern plants.
Cripple Creek anticipates reunion with a loved one.
Cripple Creek has a rich mining history and is a fun place to explore.
Cripple Creek is a fast-moving meadow stream south of Rural Retreat in Western Virginia.
Cripple Creek is a restored mining town with several casinos.
Cripple Creek is a statutory city with a mayor, city council and city administrator.
Cripple Creek is in central Colorado, in Teller County.
Cripple Creek is now part of Teller County.
Cripple Creek is one of three casino gaming towns in the state.
A cripple is a person
Cripples are people.
Cripples become comforting clowns.
Cripples imitate duns that fail to escape the nymphal shuck completely and die.
Cripples remain trapped in their wheelchairs.
Crippled applications happen all the time.
All crippled kids learn that.
Crippled nights follow a starless path.
Crippled people walk again.
Crippled ships turn tail and run smokescreens to cover their retreat.
Crippled tanks smoke, artillery scorches the earth and explosions rock streets.
Crippling blows do a hell of a lot more damage than a critical strike and even stun opponents.
Crippling deformities are the end result.
Crippling strike lowers a monster's to-hit and damage rolls on a successful sneak attack.
Crisafulli equipment carries a warranty that meets all industry standards.
Crisis actors determine the outcome of the crisis.
Crisis Center Provides free crisis services to individuals and families in the central Florida area.
Crisis centers offer the kids a structured and supportive environment.
Crisis Communication Learn how to handle a crisis and how to respond to the media.
Crisis communication skills.
Crisis communications have a lasting impact on institutional reputation and public support.
Crisis intervention emphasizes that clients have the strengths to resolve crises.
Crisis intervention involves assisting the caller to seek some sense of safety and security.
Crisis intervention is available twenty-four hours a day throughout the year.
Crisis intervention is provided for students who require immediate intervention.
Crisis intervention is provided to deal with situations requiring immediate attention.
Crisis intervention is provided to deal with situations that require immediate attention.
Crisis intervention is psychotherapy
Crisis intervention is psychotherapy.
Crisis intervention is the task of every pastor.
Crisis intervention needs to happen, and information and referral needs to take place.
Crisis intervention Provides mediation services to bring two sides to the negotiating table.
Crisis intervention skills with children and adults.
Crisis management becomes the main way of operating.
Crisis management can be especially problematic for new managers.
Crisis management deals with the enormous task of trying to prevent an incident from occurring.
Crisis management has three sequential objectives.
Crisis management is a well-traveled path with clear trail markings.
Crisis management is another area offering potential.
Crisis management is another important attribute to have in the hospitality field.
Crisis management is critical for any organisation, large or small.
Crisis management is crucial.
Crisis management is different.
Crisis management is more difficult than a government's routine work.
Crisis management is predominantly a law enforcement response.
Crisis management is seen as necessary.
Crisis management is too often a way of life today.
Crisis management is vital for every organization.
Crisis management remains the responsibility of the corporate crisis management team.
Crisis management restrains dollar losses in a crisis.
Crisis management touches every facet of business.
Crisis negotiators are responsible for contacting and communicating with suspects.
Crisis response can save families.
Crisis response is an important component of a violence prevention and response plan.
Crisis theory is considered.
A crisis is a situation
Crises abound and shifts happen.
Crises are as likely to occur under floating rates as under adjustable pegs.
Crises are caused by humans.
Crises are conducive for economic reform.
Crises are frequently the mainspring of adaptive behavior.
Crises are necessary for the emergence of new theories .
Crises are non-discriminatory.
Crises are numerous and have complex implications.
Crises are periods of turbulence that can unite or destroy.
Crises are the times when the abnormal red blood cells form clots.
Crises are times when the symptoms of the disease are most evident.
Crises are typical of advertising production, and pressure is a condition of the job.
Crises are unusual.
Crises are very complex and fast-moving.
Crises become annual occurrences.
Crises become longer and more frequent, from the beginning of the twentieth century.
Crises become occurrences.
Crises bring out both the best and the worst in human beings.
Crises can arise quite rapidly during anesthetic recovery.
Crises can be normal and can even lead to transformation.
Crises can be opportunities.
Crises can be time-limited or recurring.
Crises can become more transparent in an electronic market and create new competition.
Crises can come and go, upsetting routines and changing priorities.
Crises can overwhelm available resources.
Crises can yield positive results, if they are handled appropriately.
Crises come and go, and thankfully so.
Crises come and go.
Crises come in all shapes and sizes.
Crises comes in everyone s life.
Crises confront human beings in the United States and around the globe.
Crises demand immediate action.
Crises demand our attention.
Crises demand patience and thoughtfulness to bring resolution.
Crises do come.
Crises do pass.
Crises flood the body with stress hormones.
Crises happen and have the potential to break an organizational.
Crises happen even in the best of kingdoms.
Crises happen every day in business.
Crises happen on a regular basis.
Crises have impact.
Crises have negative impact.
Crises have no boundaries.
Crises help build team spirit.
Crises involve many actors, serious threats, time pressure and great uncertainty.
Crises is the failure of statesmanship and war is the ultimate bankruptcy of statesmanship.
Crises make headlines.
Crises make people move.
Crises never occur at convenient times.
Crises occur with more violence and leave deeper scars.
Crises produce social unrest and looting.
Crises refers to the issues in the plot at hand.
Crises require the attention of senior level executives within an organization.
Crises reveal essence.
Crises take many forms when they strike an organization, but most have common characteristics.
Crises threaten health.
Crises threaten public health.
Crises typically follow a period of very substantial capital outflow.
Crises typically occur at each transition.
Crises will have effects.
Crises will have term effects.
Crisis accepts letters on all subjects.
Crisis also carries out research and publishes reports and books on homelessness issues.
Crisis brings leadership.
Crisis brings on fundamental change greater than any anticipated before the crisis begins.
Crisis can create opportunity, although emotions can make that point difficult to see.
Crisis causes kids to change what they say, how they feel and how they act.
Crisis causes so many problems because it demands immediate attention.
Crisis comes in many forms.
Crisis communications a plus.
Crisis creates change.
Crisis defines it.
Crisis disorganizes and disorients a person.
Crisis draws man toward realizing the depth and breadth of hid capacities.
Crisis forces people to change and change often brings new opportunity.
Crisis has no borders, sadness no race.
Crisis has the potential to deepen or damage that faithfulness.
Crisis help break inertia.
Crisis Help Online crisis resources.
Crisis implies change, a remake of a culture's values and perception of itself.
Crisis is a fact of life for a family with a member who has a bleeding disorder.
Crisis is a magazine that deals with religious issues.
Crisis is a monthly magazine of religion, culture, and politics.
Crisis is a strong word.
Crisis is a time of danger and opportunity.
Crisis is a true rock band with more than enough talent for several bands.
Crisis is a very descriptive word for what is happening in Romania right now.
Crisis is almost an understatement.
Crisis is an inevitable part of capitalism.
Crisis is an instrument of discipleship.
Crisis is an invitation to the spirit.
Crisis is an opportunity for positive change.
Crisis is another.
Crisis is avoided only through central bank subsidies.
Crisis is chronic in agriculture, but the current crisis is different.
Crisis is definitely no longer just another neo-conservative magazine.
Crisis is indicated when the stress is so great that the normal family structure gives way.
Crisis is inherent to capitalism.
Crisis is made up of both danger and opportunity.
Crisis is minimized with a statement that there was no serious damage or injuries.
Crisis is needed to generate reform.
Crisis is no time to get to know people.
Crisis is normal to life.
Crisis is opportunity.
Crisis is our fuel, our fun.
Crisis is over.
Crisis is part of life.
Crisis is quite different from chronic problems.
Crisis is spelt in capital letters.
Crisis is the natural state of most organizations.
Crisis is the true test of a person's leadership ability.
Crisis is the word of the day.
Crisis isa condition.
Crisis keeps women from achieving independence.
Crisis leads to dropouts and lowers retention because of more personal problems with students.
Crisis leads to maturation as problems are overcome and assimilated.
Crisis looms again in the Balkans.
Crisis looms for the online porn biz, fueled by a volatile mixture of sex, technology and money.
Crisis make family bond tight.
Crisis make up.
Crisis motivates creative approaches to solve problems.
Crisis provides opportunities to do things differently.
Crisis provokes new theory when old has failed.
Crisis reveals character.
Crisis serves as an excellent point of reference to understand contemporary Mexico.
Crisises are emergencies.
Crisises are situations.
Crisises cause focus.
Crises always drive adaptation and innovation, the alternative is usually annihilation.
Crises always reveal a person's true character.
Crisis always highlights priorities.
Crises often mutate with little warning.
Crisis often shatters a child's sense of security and safety.
Crisis usually entails sever pain in the abdomen, chest, muscles, or bones.
Crisis usually entails severe pain in the abdomen, chest, muscles, or bones.
All crises are shocking and upsetting.
All crises have common characteristics.
All crisis is opportunity.
Any crisis can also be an opportunity for growth.
Any crisis causes stress.
Any crisis is a forceful shift in market relationships.
Any crisis is a huge test of employee loyalty.
Any crisis is more than an immediate crisis.
Every crisis brings opportunities.
Every crisis carries two elements, danger and opportunity.
Every crisis comes as a big surprise to most people, and needs careful analysis.
Every crisis goes away.
Every crisis has a purpose .
Every crisis has heroes.
Every crisis has the potential to strengthen the marriage, weaken it or bring it down altogether.
Every crisis is a mixture of tremendous dangers and great opportunities.
Every crisis is an opportunity.
Every crisis is controlled .
Every crisis is different.
Every crisis is fertile with opportunity.
Every crisis presents a challenge, but it often presents an opportunity.
Every crisis presents an opportunity for someone to shine.
Many crises are the result of vicious cycles or addictions.
Many crises follow stages that are readily identifiable.
More crises involving other funds are on the cards.
Most crises are caused by humans.
Most crises are unexpected, and it appears that the Asia crisis falls into that category.
Most crises become annual occurrences.
Most crises become occurrences.
Most crises cause stress, so do life's normal ups and downs.
Most crises have impact.
Most crises have negative impact.
Most crises lead back to the office of the enterprise warehouse manager.
Most crises threaten health.
Most crises threaten public health.
Some crises affect countries.
Some crises are bigger than others, but for the customer, the fix can never be too fast.
Some crises arise from natural disasters such as earthquakes, hurricanes, fires, and floods.
Some crises lead to conservation movement.
Some crises lead to movement.
Some crises lead wives.
Some crises occur in patients.
Some crises turn out well.
Crisp acids help the wine match well with a variety of foods.
Crisp acids lend attractive freshness, all of which is underscored by a subtle hint of French oak.
Crisp acidity balances all that sweetness.
Crisp acidity is balanced with a pleasing semi-dry finish.
Crisp acidity is well balanced with rich body.
Crisp coffee biscuits cinnamon-flavored and sesame topped.
Crisp County offers the best of all worlds.
Crisp detail is also essential.
More crisp pictures result as the number of picture elements is increased.
Crisp salads come with entrees, as well as a potato, rice or steamed veggies.
Crisp vegetables are excellent choices for stiffer dips.
Crisped rice is used primarily for crunch, texture and bulk.
Crisphead lettuce can be direct sown or started indoors.
Crisphead lettuce is lettuce
Crisphead lettuce is probably the most familiar.
Crisphead types form heads and include the popular but nutritionally poor iceberg.
Crisphead varieties are the least adapted to Arkansas conditions and require the most care.
Crispiness is a body
Crispiness is an attractive quality in white wines.
Crispness develops for several days.
Crispness is freshness
Crispness is freshness.
Crispness refers to precise membership within a category.
Crispy cookies are a great accompaniment.
Crispy duck is another speciality to recommend.
Crispy fish makes an excellent appetiser with dumplings and wine.
Crispy onions float on top.
Crispy potatoes are a splendid substitute for the polenta.
Crispy tacos are also excellent.
Cristobalite exposure can occur in foundry work as a result of heating amorphous silica.
Criterion validity focuses on the relationship between the test and related future outcome.
Criterion validity is a more rigorous test than face or content validity.
A criterion is a metric
Criteria accurate The site's information has to be trustworthy.
Criteria are a set of values that characterize forest condition.
Criteria are ability to draw, sense of design, professional attitudes, and consistent growth.
Criteria are academic achievement, leadership in extracurricular activities and community service.
Criteria are academic achievement, leadership skills, and service activities.
Criteria are academic achievement, leadership, moral force of character and physical vigor.
Criteria are advanced to rate the rejection limits for the considered types of damage.
Criteria are AND'ed.
Criteria are available in the office.
Criteria are available in the school office.
Criteria are available on the above web site.
Criteria are best if they are objective and measurable.
Criteria are binary AND-ed together.
Criteria are case insensitive.
Criteria are characteristics of good performance on a task, such as . . . .
Criteria are chooses what to notice established externally.
Criteria are commonly time to complete, cost, maintenance implications, ease of use.
Criteria are conditions that limit the selection of records.
Criteria are constraints to an issue.
Criteria are creativity, coverage of area, critical insight, and quality of presentation.
Criteria are designed to guide choices in land use and soil management .
Criteria are essential to good planning.
Criteria are exclusive across fields.
Criteria are flexible.
Criteria are important in classification.
Criteria are inclusive within fields.
Criteria are leadership, scholarship and community service.
Criteria are numerical limits expressing the amount of pollutants that can safely enter the waters.
Criteria are presented for the distinction of such deposits from still water deposits.
Criteria are primarily economic.
Criteria are quality of research and quality of the writing.
Criteria are scholarship and future potential as a student of chemistry.
Criteria are scholarship, character and citizenship.
Criteria are standards, rules, or tests on which a judgment or decision can be based.
Criteria are the basis of evaluating student progress.
Criteria are the indicators of successful performance on the job.
Criteria are the same as for basic level programs with the following additions.
Criteria are the same as for equivalent faculty rank.
Criteria are the same as in the teachers' evaluation.
Criteria are the things a person is trying to satisfy in a given context.
Criteria are to be established for the accreditation of such associations.
Criteria are to include relative costs of site preparation and other factors.
Criteria basically stresses learning, outcome, and impact on customers.
Criteria become exclusive right of school board.
Criteria below are unranked and carry equal value.
Criteria can be clinical, laboratory or epidemiologic.
Criteria can be numeric, check boxes, or pull-down menus.
Criteria can be quantitative or intangible.
Criteria can be very particular.
Criteria can include location, desired skill set or size of the company.
Criteria can now traverse decompose relationships.
Criteria define descriptors of ability at each level of performance and assign values to each level.
Criteria differ among institutions for appointment and promotion of affiliate faculty.
Criteria differ slightly from affiliate to affiliate.
Criteria emphasize leadership experience.
Criteria establish a minimum level of activity in key areas.
Criteria exist for interpretation of lymphangiography.
Criteria governing the suitability of individual work are as follows.
Criteria have to be agreed by a qualified majority of Member States.
Criteria have to do with good web page design as well as content.
Criteria have yet to be determined.
Criteria have yet to be established.
Criteria help to explain why and when individuals require psychiatric and substance abuse treatment.
Criteria involve income eligibility indicators.
Criteria listed below comprise the minimum submittal for review .
Criteria needs to be adjusted for local conditions.
Criteria needs to be set for the final presentation.
Criteria normally concentrate on assessing techniques for building it.
Criteria obviously depend on source characteristics.
Criteria range from the number of characters to the range of sets to the amount of the royalties.
Criteria relating to language and subject coverage are broader than for purchased material.
Criteria represent a consensus on the best clinical practices.
Criteria represent a set of values.
Criteria show what constitutes a successful demonstration.
Criteria tend to be service to the community, school and professional success.
Criteria then provide a checklist which students complete and submit with the assignment.
Criteria then varies according to category.
Criteria use both suction and gravimetric water contents as defined by suction.
Criteria used in the evaluation process vary significantly by state.
Criteria utilized vary from discipline to discipline consistent with standards of excellence.
Criteria vary according to individual scholarship terms.
Criteria vary according to the organization.
Criteria vary according to the type of scholarship.
Criteria vary depending on the amount of credit hours already earned.
Criteria vary from department to department.
Criteria vary from program to program.
Criteria vary from state to state.
Criteria vary slightly among programs.
Criteria vary widely, and are determined by the presenting body, usually the local Chapter.
Criteria vary with type of proposal.
Criterion applies to marl or limed lakes only.
Criterion includes merit, leadership, and personal accomplishments.
Criterion is cells whose scalars are between lower and upper thresholds.
Criterion is cells whose scalars are less or equal to lower threshold.
Criterion is cells whose scalars are less than lower threshold.
Criterion is cells whose scalars are less than upper threshold.
Criterion is likely to inflict physical injury .
Criterion is met, but data is very limited.
Criterion is the level of achievement required.
Criterion is well known among film fans for their care in bringing out digital versions of films.
Criterion isa quantity.
Criterion offer the movie with decent picture and sound and a nice complement of supplements.
Criterion sits somewhere between the two.
Criterion tastes mild and sweet, with a touch of tartness, and good aroma suffuses it all.
Criterions are ideals.
Criteria always have to be set for learning.
Criteria often come in the form of a theory.
All criteria are important.
All criteria are optional.
All criteria are satisfied and the application is approved .
All criteria carry equal weight.
All criteria considered, Mission Lake is classified as mesotrophic.
All criteria have point values and the physician with the highest overall score is the winner.
All criteria having been satisfied, tcpd passes off the connection to the real telnetd .
All criteria refer to observed and forecast weather conditions.
Every criterion is worth a few marks.
Many criteria are available to characterize the level of agreement of a model and data.
Many criteria are in place to achieve the aforementioned goals.
Many criteria can have an effect upon the result.
Many criteria enter into the final prescribed formula for a package.
Some criteria applies.
Some criteria are difficult to classify.
Some criteria are imperative while others are guidelines.
Some criteria are more important than others, and are weighted accordingly.
Some criteria arise because of demands on the individual.
Some criteria depend upon an individual buyer's preferences or current operating procedures.
Some criteria involve quality of coding, content, usefulness, appearance, and concept.
Some criteria is in the form of statements and some in the form of questions.
Crithidial forms are abundant in the mid- gut, and leishmanial forms occur here also.
Critial reading is very similar to actively reading and learning.
A critic is a professional
Critic feels the entire movie is a litany of failed humor.
Critic has analytic relation to an object out there.
Critic labels it a crutch - last resort.
Critic labels it a crutch.
Critic maintain that animal test data is only used to defend the company against consumer lawsuits.
Critic say it's an easy place to make money by illegally manipulating stocks.
Critics abound, however.
Critics accuse both parties of scare-mongering.
Critics accuse fundamentalists of invoking theological rhetoric to rationalize political repression.
Critics accuse hip hop magazine of promoting thug culture.
Critics accuse it of incompetence and legislative paralysis.
Critics accuse politicians of exacerbating the problem.
Critics accuse that their 'political' interests as 'citizens' overtake their 'professional duties'.
Critics accuse the fund of overreaching.
Critics accuse the institution of taking a cookie-cutter approach to economics and they are right.
Critics accuse the president of selling pardons.
Critics accuse Turkish government of manipulating scholarship .
Critics add there are other reasons why it's important to preserve more of the parcel.
Critics admire and respect their music because it has content and politics.
Critics agree that it is one of the greatest comic novels in the English language.
Critics agree that part of the problem is that the force is undermanned, underpaid and underpowered.
Critics agree that the site is among the Internet s best.
Critics agree the cinematography steals the show.
Critics agree they are world-class in quality.
Critics allege that fewer licensees results in less diversity in broadcast programming.
Critics allege that there is no guiding principle at the heart of New Labour.
Critics also argue that independent counsels cost too much for so little result.
Critics also argue that it's a mistake to run the new light-rail line on the bus mall.
Critics also argue that the estate tax breaks up family farms and other small businesses.
Critics also argue that the program is underfunded.
Critics also attack the cutoff for cutting off treatment, even if the individual is making progress.
Critics also believe that managed care has lowered the overall quality of health care.
Critics also believe that there is a risk of executing mistakenly convicted people.
Critics also call for compensation for the social and environmental damage caused by dams.
Critics also charge that filtering software is flawed.
Critics also charge that sampling subjects the census to political manipulation.
Critics also cite the lack of professionalism.
Critics also cite what they see as the society's constant quest for cash.
Critics also claim that charges of bankruptcy abuse are exaggerated.
Critics also claim the contract was never approved in an open meeting by the council.
Critics also complain about a dearth of new ideas.
Critics also complain of contamination.
Critics also complain Ottawa is being too cautious in overriding provincial jurisdiction.
Critics also complain they've been left in the dark.
Critics also condemn the movie as cynical and mean-spirited, with no likable characters.
Critics also condemn the reliance on calculators for computation, especially for younger children.
Critics also contend that federal agencies fail to fight the drug war cost-effectively.
Critics also contend that the penalties for motorists ignoring rail crossing warnings are too low.
Critics also dislike teachers who teach their students test-taking techniques.
Critics also fail to understand how positive a force male bonding can be.
Critics also get to invent their own mini-trends.
Critics also lament the expense of recruiting new soldiers.
Critics also maintain that astrology is much too general.
Critics also object to sexual references and portrayals of drinking on the program.
Critics also observe that anti-hate measures are applied unequally.
Critics also pan the current wireless access devices.
Critics also point out another possible conflict of interest.
Critics also point out problems of consistency with moral relativism.
Critics also point out that energy recovery plants require a steady flow of garbage.
Critics also point the fallibility of profiling.
Critics also point to another issue.
Critics also point to weaknesses in the very concept.
Critics also point to what they say is a growing number of part-time jobs.
Critics also protest that patenting of life forms is immoral.
Critics also question if a prison is what the town needs.
Critics also question the state's spending priorities.
Critics also question what employers gain from a covenant that torpedoes loyalty.
Critics also question whether the water supply is sufficient for the size of the proposed community.
Critics also say slotting results in less variety on store shelves.
Critics also say students are tempted to skip over material.
Critics also say that the modern windfarm is a blight on the landscape.
Critics also say that the Zimbabwe government needs to institute a rural development program.
Critics also say that western values and structures generally inform international human rights law.
Critics also say the farm smells and provides little economic development.
Critics also say the plan is a boondoggle for the wealthy.
Critics also say the rules allow too many exemptions.
Critics also say the state has no business backing local bonds.
Critics also say the Tax People s Web sites make inflated promises.
Critics also say the Tax People's Web sites make inflated promises.
Critics also say there is no proof crop spraying is effective.
Critics also see the move as bad marketing.
Critics also suggest death is an inappropriate time to impose a tax.
Critics also suggest that mining safety is an issue with the use of nuclear energy.
Critics also worry about the potential danger of a plutonium leak at the launch site .
Critics applaud the use of mature women in advertising, although they decry tokenism.
Critics are a dime a dozen.
Critics are a valuable part of the film industry.
Critics are afraid that television ignores substance and complexity and goes for the sensational.
Critics are alarmed also by the lack of inclusive language.
Critics are always ready to bury a coach whose team comes out flat.
Critics are angry over the government's aid to a for-profit online institution.
Critics are around ever corner, however, solutions are hard to come by.
Critics are as guilty as anyone of having their pigeonholes.
Critics are at most, an annoyance.
Critics are concerned about the uncertainties surrounding human and ecological health.
Critics are concerned because some North American deer and elk have chronic wasting disease.
Critics are cool, but critics come a dime a dozen.
Critics are correct that social science can be tricky.
Critics are correct when they assert that there is significant variation in implementation.
Critics are critics.
Critics are disgusted.
Critics are either governments or individuals.
Critics are emotional.
Critics are equally enamored.
Critics are evaluators.
Critics are everywhere.
Critics are hard to find.
Critics are harsh, calling the killing a brutal and needless slaughter of a national treasure.
Critics are however loud and widespread.
Critics are human.
Critics are in an uproar over the attempt to legitimize electronic junk-mail.
Critics are just readers who get paid to be an ass.
Critics are less certain of the missile system.
Critics are less certain.
Critics are less vocal.
Critics are never to be trusted.
Critics are no-one's enemies.
Critics are nothing but regular people with opinions.
Critics are off base if they suggest the plan relies too heavily on fossil fuels.
Critics are off-base if they suggest the plan relies too heavily on fossil fuels.
Critics are often uneducated.
Critics are on the program so that educators can hear both the pro's and con's of the technology.
Critics are our best friends.
Critics are outraged that federal lawyers are making the request at all.
Critics are people who get paid for their opinion.
Critics are people who look at movies and say that the glass is half empty, rather than half full.
Critics are people.
Critics are plentiful, true friends are rare.
Critics are professionals.
Critics are quick to note that the limits are for life.
Critics are quick to point out that there is a serious credibility gap here.
Critics are quick to point out the park's accessibility from so many major cities.
Critics are right that the evidence is anecdotal, but it s compelling all the same.
Critics are right to suggest moderation.
Critics are shocked.
Critics are skeptical of the authority's plan to renovate the school into housing for the elderly.
Critics are skeptical.
Critics are so afraid of being uncool that they are no help to that mother in the record store.
Critics are such sheep.
Critics are television shows.
Critics are the fruit-shaped magnets which keep the one in contact with the other.
Critics are the only ones who want to call it something anyway.
Critics are too critical.
Critics are too uptight.
Critics are unanimous in their praise.
Critics are uncertain about the reference.
Critics are uncertain.
Critics are uneasy.
Critics are usually to be found in the arm chairs with little or no stake in the ministry.
Critics are wary of the government's use of financial incentives.
Critics are, however, underwhelmed by the distinction.
Critics argue it's a fallout from the trend towards commercialisation of universities.
Critics argue it's a gift to credit-card companies, which provide easy access to debt.
Critics argue no one has turned up any Sasquatch bodies or bones.
Critics argue such claims lack scientific proof.
Critics argue such programs contribute to the debasement of rhetoric.
Critics argue that a no-fault divorce is the equivalent of a quick, easy divorce.
Critics argue that a tax cut is too costly.
Critics argue that bill supporters simply want more people executed.
Critics argue that candidate-centered issue ads are attempts to circumvent election law.
Critics argue that cloning is contrary to true conservation.
Critics argue that companies have been unwilling to raise employees' wages.
Critics argue that concentration reduces the number of issues raised and the number of voices heard.
Critics argue that corruption and nepotism have never been worse.
Critics argue that ending social promotions increases the dropout rate.
Critics argue that ergonomic injuries and solutions lack scientific evidence.
Critics argue that ethnic politics have driven U.S. policy toward both Azerbaijan and Iran.
Critics argue that hate-crime laws punish people for their thoughts.
Critics argue that health care decisions are too complex for the average consumer.
Critics argue that high-stakes tests can have other unfortunate consequences.
Critics argue that it is essentially undemocratic as it renders popular votes unequal.
Critics argue that it is little more than a scheme designed to promote benefits from tax-vouchers.
Critics argue that nuances are lost when discussions take place on the Net.
Critics argue that people are condemned for their bad actions.
Critics argue that Peru's success came at a very high human rights price.
Critics argue that prolonged and intense exposure to shiitake spores can be dangerous.
Critics argue that rubrics limit students creativity and reduce teachers to scorekeepers.
Critics argue that smart sanctions personalize diplomacy in a detrimental way.
Critics argue that structure makes it too easy for judges to influence disciplinary decisions.
Critics argue that such decisions restrict free speech.
Critics argue that Superfund needs a complete overhaul and many bills have emerged to that effect.
Critics argue that taking stem cells from embryos is unethical and immoral.
Critics argue that teacher training focuses too much on method and too little on substance .
Critics argue that that is the worst of all worlds.
Critics argue that the Canadian government is downplaying the health risk to military personnel.
Critics argue that the companies settled to prevent public disclosure of their criminal activities.
Critics argue that the current system needs to be overhauled.
Critics argue that the dam is a folly from an environmental, technical and social point of view.
Critics argue that the framework of American media merely reflects the world as it is.
Critics argue that the governors' proposed tactics are too strong-armed.
Critics argue that the history of Martian exploration has been littered with such failures.
Critics argue that the only viable solution to the crisis is to free imports of sugar.
Critics argue that the principal beneficiaries are a handful of big consulting outfits.
Critics argue that the second function necessarily undermines the first.
Critics argue that the technology is failing.
Critics argue that the use of secret evidence for any purpose ought to be illegal.
Critics argue the amount is too small.
Critics argue the bill's limits on spending violate the First Amendment's right to free expression.
Critics argue the church can be too involved in the political process.
Critics argue the companies got more than they gave.
Critics argue the idea is a shell game that costs more and generates more new waste than it's worth.
Critics argue there are probably no good, permanent regulations.
Critics argue there is no constitutional alternative to conviction and removal.
Critics argue they're political ads and therefore subject to disclosure requirements.
Critics argue yeast ingredients can be linked to allergies.
Critics argue, though, that it is premature to reach any meaningful conclusions.
Critics assert that it is futile for the United States to pursue primacy.
Critics assert that tenure makes such a goal impossible.
Critics assert they hurt credibility.
Critics attack high administrative costs as the most rapidly growing component of healthcare costs.
Critics attack it from both extremes of the political spectrum.
Critics attack the argument in several ways.
Critics attempt to lambast comedies to appear more intellectual and be taken more seriously.
Critics attribute the boom in cosmetic surgery to a youth-obsessed culture.
Critics balk at the notion of any compensation for something that happened generations ago.
Critics bash the film, as they do with every teen slasher film.
Critics become less venomous when dealing with older folks.
Critics beg to differ.
Critics believe drug companies are doing far too much of that sort of thing.
Critics believe it increases employee stress and creates a climate of mistrust.
Critics believe it's time for a change.
Critics believe it's unfair to use tax money to help multimillion-dollar corporations.
Critics believe so.
Critics believe such notions are heartfelt but misguided.
Critics believe such suits are misguided in several ways.
Critics believe that it is impossible for the government to keep even the smallest of secrets.
Critics believe that it's hurried and ill-planned.
Critics believe that managed care has lowered the overall quality of care.
Critics believe that they encourage violence.
Critics believe the government is partly to blame.
Critics believe the investigation was compromised before the body was even found.
Critics believe the name was changed in part to throw off the public.
Critics believe the non-elected directors are tilted toward the interests of businesses.
Critics believe there was little coincidence.
Critics bemoan incestuous selection process.
Critics bestow high praise on our productions.
Critics blame a combination of incompetence, inertia and corruption.
Critics blame many of the city's social ills on the commando mentality of past leaders.
Critics blame our high crime rate on the large number of guns in the United States.
Critics blame shoddy policework and a slow and overloaded justice system.
Critics blame the government's poor management of the education system.
Critics blame the school for human rights abuses in Central America.
Critics blame ticket price as the main deterrent.
Critics blast the notion of seizure, however, as a bargaining ploy or political grandstanding.
Critics bring up a couple of problems.
Critics brush off the dangers posed by neonuclear states.
Critics build their argument of a nationwide social impact on a house of cards.
Critics buy tickets to everything they review and receive reimbursement from the company.
Critics call a restrictive policy self-defeating.
Critics call attention also to the existence of evil.
Critics Call Firmness.
Critics call fliers Republican propaganda.
Critics call it a back-door approach to slipping creationism into schools.
Critics call it a bailout package for big insurance companies.
Critics call it a bloated subsidy for rich athletes and greedy businessmen.
Critics call it a bonanza for the rich.
Critics call it a brave new look into the future.
Critics call it a Christian cult.
Critics call it a cynical marketing ploy.
Critics call it a dangerous loophole.
Critics call it a deeply flawed policy.
Critics call it a disaster in the making.
Critics call it a disguise for commercial whaling.
Critics call it a fiasco.
Critics call it a marketing gimmick.
Critics call it a wolf bounty.
Critics call it a yuppie invasion.
Critics call it an abomination, little more than a baby recycling center.
Critics call it an attack on free speech.
Critics call it an attempt to sneak creationism into schools.
Critics call it another example of creeping and creepy commercialism.
Critics call it ecological terrorism.
Critics call it folly.
Critics call it greed-TV to the extreme.
Critics call it just one more false hope.
Critics call it Keynesian economics.
Critics call it legislative overkill.
Critics call it macabre commercial exploitation.
Critics call it pornography.
Critics call it predatory lending and say the problem is growing.
Critics call it selfish and hedonistic.
Critics call it stealth marketing or globalization in sheep's clothing.
Critics call it the scourge of generation y, and users tout it as nirvana in a pill.
Critics call it the standard by which all other helicopters are judged.
Critics call it the worst export from upstate New York in years.
Critics call it unfair to middle-income taxpayers.
Critics call it unprincipled.
Critics call it vague, nebulous and ambiguous.
Critics call performance bonuses a dangerous trend.
Critics call sniping rude, even a form of cheating.
Critics call that a convenient excuse.
Critics call that a technicality.
Critics call that more luck than technical prowess.
Critics call the agreement a sweetheart industry self-regulation plan that is doomed to fail.
Critics call the book long needed.
Critics call the church a destructive cult.
Critics call the experiment cruel.
Critics call the findings flawed.
Critics call the group a cult, but members insist that they are only a Bible-study group.
Critics call the half hour programs mini documentaries.
Critics call the idea dangerously radical.
Critics call the laws anti-immigrant or racist.
Critics call the measure a threat to free speech.
Critics call the measure draconian.
Critics call the measure ill conceived and dangerous to public safety.
Critics call the medicinal marijuana issue a stalking-horse for drug legalization.
Critics call the new generation of workers greedy and selfish, in it only for what they can get.
Critics call the new generation of workers greedy and selfish, only interested in what they can get.
Critics call the peace groups naive or, worse, collaborators.
Critics call the plans vulgar and exploitative.
Critics call the plot and subplot lines sloppy.
Critics call the policy ill-conceived and costly, approved without ample study or public notice.
Critics call the practice a form of money laundering.
Critics call the practice illegal and unethical.
Critics call the program a rip-off.
Critics call the request a ploy to shield the company from liability.
Critics call the suit silly.
Critics can be only fanatics who presumably carry fanaticism genes.
Critics can become comrades.
Critics can comment on the work of artists, authors, performers, etc.
Critics challenge the claims of improved academic performance.
Critics challenge the methods used to calculate the benefits of the program.
Critics charge a flawed site ranking process.
Critics charge it has failed, dismally.
Critics charge it's undercutting diversity and local ties.
Critics charge school boards with selling kids to the highest bidder.
Critics charge that a spider tattoo on a skinhead celebrates the murder of a black man.
Critics charge that advocates of tougher measures are overreacting.
Critics charge that environmental damage in states like Louisiana came at their own doing.
Critics charge that granting the interview showed insensitivity to modern racial realities.
Critics charge that high-cost predatory lending can result in home foreclosures, leading to blight.
Critics charge that HMOs underpriced their products to gain customers.
Critics charge that it all adds up to welfare for the rich.
Critics charge that it is unnecessary.
Critics charge that it means that the votes case for a losing candidate count for nothing.
Critics charge that marketing creates needs for products of little overall or social value.
Critics charge that provincial and municipal fiscal management is chaotic and irresponsible.
Critics charge that soft money is the biggest cause of political corruption.
Critics charge that spam e-mail clogs networks and is a nuisance for many users.
Critics charge that such partnerships commercialize the classroom.
Critics charge that the ad tries to plant negative images in the minds of viewers.
Critics charge that the council of British aristocrats have tried to impede executions.
Critics charge that the council's priorities are skewed.
Critics charge that the foreign officers receive training in executions and torture.
Critics charge that the many new entrants have diluted the concept.
Critics charge that the Mexican law enforcement establishment is riddled with corruption.
Critics charge that the policy increases the incidence of abortion.
Critics charge that the policy is nothing more than a pretext to drastically reduce penalties.
Critics charge that the roundups amount to little more than inhumane treatment of the snakes.
Critics charge that the school's ad itself is discriminatory.
Critics charge that the shift opens the system to favoritism.
Critics charge that the tax cuts caused higher deficits, but they misread the evidence.
Critics charge that the transgenic corn poses potential risks to the environment and public health.
Critics charge that the U.S. labor movement includes too few Black leaders.
Critics charge that they certainly violate the spirit of the treaty.
Critics charge that up to half of all subprime loans involve predatory practices.
Critics charge the agency with carrying out inadequate reviews.
Critics charge the center is elitist because it is fee-paying and therefore open only to the rich.
Critics charge the chemical causes cancer and seeps too easily into groundwater from storage tanks.
Critics charge the insurance industry with having the matter backwards.
Critics charge the isotope mission is a political smoke screen to boost the tritium mission.
Critics charge the laws are applied unevenly, with low-income youth the main enforcement target.
Critics charge the plan fails to ensure open access to local markets.
Critics charge the proposed trial is unethical.
Critics charge the report only blames the victim and that the real culprit is structural adjustment.
Critics charge the whole affair is colored by a right-wing agenda.
Critics charge they crimp commerce.
Critics chide the government for complacency.
Critics cite another reason.
Critics cite ecological concerns, ethical objections and food-safety issues.
Critics cite numerous reasons for their discontent.
Critics cite studies showing that demand-reduction programs at home are cheaper and more effective.
Critics cite the gender-integrated training as one of the reasons for the slide.
Critics cite the tremendous imbalance of power when employees sign agreements to arbitrate.
Critics cite visual blight and traffic safety.
Critics claim federally funded school programs fail to continue their benefits for older children.
Critics claim issue networks have no democratically based power.
Critics claim it's all a scam, a camel's nose under the tent of local control of waterways.
Critics claim large hog operators are endangering the environment.
Critics claim many employees view business travel as a perk, especially travel abroad.
Critics claim MSAs are regressive, providing benefits pri- marily to the wealthy.
Critics claim newspapers headline the salacious and bury the complex.
Critics claim polygamy fosters crimes such as child abuse and welfare fraud.
Critics claim Pyongyang's trio of churches is purely cosmetic and mainly for external consumption.
Critics claim racial as well as gender inequity exist in the test.
Critics claim students never master basic skills under new math instruction, reports the paper.
Critics claim such reporting allows companies to bury damaging information.
Critics claim that because the issue is vague, protesters had no validity.
Critics claim that emissions trading is simply trading the right to pollute.
Critics claim that evolutionary biology is, at best, guesswork.
Critics claim that free trade is bad for both workers and the environment.
Critics claim that home educated students are isolated and protected.
Critics claim that hospitals purposefully keep patients in the dark when it comes to reprocessing.
Critics claim that imposition of a new fee is premature.
Critics claim that it violates the constitutional provision of the separation of church and state.
Critics claim that polygraphy fails to take the complexities of lying into account.
Critics claim that size affects quality and consistency.
Critics claim that such reconnaissance capability can be a boone to aggresive nations.
Critics claim that tenure guarantees a lifetime job and tenured faculty are untouchable.
Critics claim that the arty video is offensive.
Critics claim that the health service is hampered by an inefficient internal market.
Critics claim that the many of the schools are too large, too bureaucratic, and too impersonal.
Critics claim that the PAHs are contamination from the ice.
Critics claim that the resolution is too grainy, but today digital images are equal to film images.
Critics claim that the second-best indicator of the quality of health care is infant mortality.
Critics claim that they also monitor the political attitudes of the committee's members.
Critics claim that they permit more than one correct answer and produce invalid results.
Critics claim that unqualified minorities and women get jobs because of their race or gender.
Critics claim that wiretaps are less useful tool than informants, detective work, witnesses, etc.
Critics claim the acts enrich corporations and individuals at the environment's expense.
Critics claim the benefits of lotteries have been oversold, while the costs to society are ignored.
Critics claim the Bible contradicts itself, making it all things to all men.
Critics claim the delay is detrimental to the image of Wales.
Critics claim the mayor's plan is much too optimistic.
Critics claim the new browser represents a significant improvement over prior versions of Explorer.
Critics claim the report is already outdated.
Critics claim the state's selection of employees has become a farce.
Critics claim they are a duplication of services with existing law enforcement agencies.
Critics claim they're protecting their own hides.
Critics claim Web-based journalism has few or no standards.
Critics complain about a glass palace with marble columns.
Critics complain it is a cartel illegally fixing prices in U.S. markets.
Critics complain it lacks action, but the story moved along smoothly and quickly.
Critics complain it skews toward wealthy.
Critics complain that minorities are now being unfairly denied educational opportunities.
Critics complain that prescription drugs cost too much.
Critics complain that the country slid quickly into a neo-colonial pattern.
Critics complain that the electric industry is the country's top polluter.
Critics complain that the investigation was corrupted and lacked depth.
Critics complain that the issue has distracted the board from important business.
Critics complain that the movie is more a political apology than an anti-Mafia story.
Critics complain that the penalties are too harsh.
Critics complain that the proposed plan lacks teeth and relies too heavily on volunteer efforts.
Critics complain that the state caters too much to business.
Critics complain that they are being silently watched.
Critics complain the bulletin board is poorly regulated and vulnerable to fraud.
Critics complain there is little study on the environmental effects of genetically altered plants.
Critics complain, though, that the theory is too speculative.
Critics concede that some of the alienation was caused by state implementation of needed changes.
Critics condemn it for multilating historic national entities.
Critics consequently have few sanctioned outlets for independent expression.
Critics consider advocacy of character to be a simplistic way to approach complex social problems.
Critics consider it a costly fantasy and a threat to existing curbs on nuclear weapons.
Critics consider polling on the Internet to be highly controversial.
Critics consider such a price to be an unconscionable discount on a taxpayer-owned business.
Critics consider the movie an indictment against feudal ideas.
Critics constantly compare Kosovo to Vietnam.
Critics contend it is more likely to create a dumping ground for unwanted children.
Critics contend medical marijuana is a smokescreen for legalization.
Critics contend real economic unity is impossible without political unification.
Critics contend that aura reading is all nonsense, akin to astrology.
Critics contend that Chinese markets remain too closed to U.S. exports.
Critics contend that cost reduction has diminished the quality of health care.
Critics contend that it threatens to blur the line between church and state.
Critics contend that it was deliberately short to precede a masque or jig.
Critics contend that law enforcement has been far too slow and reluctant to take on such groups.
Critics contend that needle-exchange programs attract crime and promote drug use.
Critics contend that the behavior demonstrated by the president was theatrical rather than genuine.
Critics contend that the book plays down Japan's wartime aggression in Asia.
Critics contend that the countries are trying to maximize licensing revenue.
Critics contend that the document was a complete fake.
Critics contend that the dust they release has dangerous health effects.
Critics contend that the zoo has never had sufficient space to keep the lumbering behemoths.
Critics contend that there are other pitfalls associated with ecotourism.
Critics contend that whole-group instruction fails to meet individual students' needs and interests.
Critics contend that with the growth of managed care, quality is being sacrificed for profits.
Critics contend the book covers are riddled with subliminal images touting the pleasures of smoking.
Critics contend the companies are trying to fool shareholders and make executives look better.
Critics contend the fees discourage low-income people from using the forest.
Critics contend the helicopters are noisy, dirty and financially inefficient.
Critics contend the state is being inflexible and is catering to the cattle industry.
Critics contend the term bespeaks an arrogance bordering on xenophobic intolerance.
Critics contend the test narrows what teachers concentrate on in the classroom.
Critics contend the understaffed department already had too much terrain to cover.
Critics contend, however, that large numbers of students get left behind.
Critics conveniently forget to mention that half of the story.
Critics counter that it's anything but clean.
Critics counter that planned space-station research has few, if any, practical applications.
Critics counter that the agency is holding debt relief hostage to structural adjustment.
Critics counter that the alliances are a form of monopolization.
Critics counter that the long-term effects are far from clear.
Critics curse the waste in the system.
Critics debate whether advertising raises or lowers the price of goods.
Critics decry home schooling as being ineffectual for scholastic achievement.
Critics decry linking drinking and shooting.
Critics decry the consolidation of the book business and the declinee of independent book stores.
Critics delight in annotating the allusions in such books.
Critics denounce the company's recycling program as cynical and, in some cases, fraudulent.
Critics denounce voluntary labels as a cave-in to industry.
Critics describe American anthropology as a handmaiden of colonialism.
Critics describe the system of funding as unfair and damaging for many pupils' prospects.
Critics describe their ensemble work as outstanding and the solos as excellent.
Critics dig deep into their thesauruses and pour on the glowing praise.
Critics dine out.
Critics disagree about the value of diversity, particularly where race is involved.
Critics disagree and say drug prices are too high.
Critics disagree and say Hillview doesn t spend wisely.
Critics disagree on the quality of the work.
Critics disagree, although a few traits of black films seem characteristic.
Critics disagree, as strongly as ever.
Critics discount such comparisons.
Critics discount the findings.
Critics dislike things.
Critics dismiss efforts as academic exercises unless talk is made into action.
Critics dismiss it as naivete.
Critics dismiss the by-catch argument.
Critics dismiss the championships as little more than a beauty contest.
Critics dispute the deterrent capability of capital punishment.
Critics do, though.
Critics don t see the impending merger making things any easier.
Critics don t want to risk being unhip by embracing a book like The Election .
Critics doubt Indonesia's poorly equipped and trained military can enforce the travel ban.
Critics doubt that Indonesia has sufficient reserves to back a currency board fully.
Critics doubt that it can.
Critics doubt that Portland has deep enough pockets to become a big league city.
Critics doubt that the schools can improve enough to close that gap within four years.
Critics draw historic parallels.
Critics even question whether the name is tough enough.
Critics everywhere love it.
Critics expect serious consequences if online gambling continues unchecked in the United States.
Critics fault home schooling for isolating children.
Critics favor smaller units that can form task forces as needed.
Critics fear a loss of services for poor women.
Critics fear another failed effort.
Critics fear Earth fly-by Still, activists say the danger is far from over.
Critics fear health dangers and an ecosystem changed forever too.
Critics fear legal and ethical problems, and hometown gambling concerns object.
Critics fear racial profiling and the erosion of civil liberties.
Critics fear that estimate is terribly low.
Critics fear that such an arrangement is too unstable and requires the child to be very flexible.
Critics fear the law is encouraging police brutality.
Critics fear theft of deadly material by terrorists.
Critics fear unforeseen consequences similar to the energy crisis.
Critics fear what happens to DNA samples after they're collected.
Critics find it curious that a person in total isolation still has access to telephone service.
Critics find that some of the characters are being satired in their initial presentation.
Critics find the author's transition to adult fiction smooth and enjoyable.
Critics find the move surprising and say it reflects the government s weakness.
Critics find the situation less benign.
Critics focus on problems with the tests or the timetable on which they are being introduced.
Critics focus only on the negative, but it is the positive that is really compelling.
Critics foresee a powerful European entity.
Critics forget, if they ever knew, that capital punishment is also legal retribution.
Critics gather to spot tinier flaws as work nears perfection.
Critics generally regard the novel as a satire of the antebellum South and of slavery.
Critics get revenge with latest political movie .
Critics give movie studios a thumbs-down for twisting their words.
Critics go further.
Critics grumble that there are insufficient official sound tests to back up their quality claims.
Critics hail the group as the next big thing.
Critics hail the novel as technically brilliant.
Critics hang around criticizers.
Critics have a large role to play, but from a preselected pool.
Critics have a point.
Critics have a tendency to demoralize.
Critics have a way of demanding that software be good for girls.
Critics have doubts.
Critics have every right to speak and talk.
Critics have few sanctioned outlets for independent expression.
Critics have freedoms commensurate with their lack of power.
Critics have influence.
Critics have mixed opinions on the song.
Critics have no data based in logic to support their arguments.
Critics have some nasty thing against films which rehash the same storyline from another film.
Critics have some questions about where it came from.
Critics have to look long and hard to find substantive reasons to be pessimistic.
Critics have to say something.
Critics have trouble figuring out the plot, but they like the rush.
Critics have various styles in both how they carry on their visits and how they write.
Critics hold on to two main arguments.
Critics hope to add new amendments to further protect custodial parents and children.
Critics howl over the government auction of air waves.
Critics insist they just move the problem off campus.
Critics is critics, emotions are emotions.
Critics judge alcohol harshly because of excessive use.
Critics know least of all.
Critics know that.
Critics like to call the gesture ironic.
Critics look for some sort of energy and acuteness.
Critics love it.
Critics love our jazzy swing style.
Critics love the acting and the visuals, though they find the central love story unbelievable.
Critics maintain that it is a stalling attempt to keep privacy legislation from becoming law.
Critics maintain that it is badly flawed.
Critics maintain that nothing can alter market forces.
Critics maintain that prototyping only delays getting a product to market.
Critics maintain that sea-level ice never extended into equatorial regions.
Critics maintain that such minute doses are unlikely to have any significant effect on the body.
Critics maintain that the organic compounds are terrestrial contaminants.
Critics maintain the indices went too far in trying to include hot-performing new stocks.
Critics maintain the plan comes at a suspicious time.
Critics make a hollow argument by suggesting that political contributions corrupt elected officials.
Critics make endless rounds of galleries and artists' studios.
Critics make great hay over the inconsistencies.
Critics make two valid points.
Critics mistakenly emphasize the source instead of the product.
Critics nationwide rate the latest flicks.
Critics never have a clue.
Critics note it is an assertive work and elaborately scored.
Critics note several earlier stanza forms as the basis for the Spenserian stanza .
Critics note that Europe has benefited from a few one-time historical events.
Critics note that special ed students demand a disproportionate share of teacher and classroom time.
Critics note that such information is readily available in bookstores and public libraries.
Critics note that the balance shifts dramatically in favor of businesses in subsequent years.
Critics note that the jazz quartet has an astonishing musical rapport.
Critics note that the parliament has refused to adopt a similar apology.
Critics note that there has been no independent testing or comparisons of the programs.
Critics note that, as in other new democracies, an election is only an initial step.
Critics note the gaps in opportunity, especially at the top, but strides have been made.
Critics note, however, that independent power producers can sell power anywhere in the world.
Critics now say that they also serve as a convenient channel to curry favor with key bureaucrats.
Critics now see certain sectors of Nicaraguan business as the party s dominant force.
Critics now seem to be in a competition of their own to come up with words of praise.
Critics object that communities can be authoritarian and oppressive.
Critics object to the growing use of independent expenditures to influence political campaigns.
Critics object to the marginal readings in modern versions.
Critics object to the role of stewardship for physicians in managed care.
Critics object to what they see as a cynical commercial ploy.
Critics observe that the law has turned college sports into a quota system.
Critics obviously agree.
Critics offer all kinds of suggestions.
Critics openly damn the regime, but are often brought to trial for doing so.
Critics oppose tax dollars being used to facilitate self-destructive activities.
Critics oppose the change both on principle and for practical reasons.
Critics outnumber advocates on both sides of the political aisle.
Critics overlook the important benefits of the Jones Act.
Critics paint a different picture.
Critics paint dire scenarios of monopolies stamping out diversity and quirkiness.
Critics pan such efforts to turn stardom into political success.
Critics pan the novel.
Critics play a vital part in defining discontent.
Critics point out correctly that even lawyers get more than one shot at the bar exam.
Critics point out that behind modernization theories lay both political and ideological concerns.
Critics point out that even animals from accredited zoos sometimes go to hunting preserves.
Critics point out that inexperienced developers can easily fall into the pattern trap.
Critics point out that other light-rail systems have been built for less.
Critics point out that other religions also have codes of conduct.
Critics point out that political spots are paid advertisements.
Critics point out that string theory is currently untestable.
Critics point out that the ministry has a checkered record on managing free markets.
Critics point out that there has been no independent evaluation of the tax.
Critics point out that women are also paid less than men.
Critics point out the party received one vote in five.
Critics point out the possibilities of theft, vandalism, and accidental damage.
Critics point out what they see as other flaws in the new process.
Critics point to a controversial state resolution as evidence.
Critics point to another disadvantage of tender-offer rules.
Critics point to civil rights abuses including unlawful search and seizure and other transgressions.
Critics point to huge factory farms where animals are crowed together in cramped cages.
Critics point to irregularities in the use of money .
Critics point to irregularities in the use of money.
Critics point to several statistics.
Critics point to the creative spirit and spirited dialogue of the festival's early years.
Critics point to the issue of equality.
Critics point to the lack of a more recent national championship.
Critics point to the state's flawed energy deregulation policy.
Critics point to the test as a reason to end such programs.
Critics praise the band.
Critics praise the novel s unaffected, unadorned style.
Critics pressing for change say that's too long.
Critics protest that the state has no business regulating hunting activities on private land.
Critics question leaving trees for salmon.
Critics question morality, especially when everything works out in the end.
Critics question overdue plan to track cancer and pollution.
Critics question that reasoning.
Critics question the government's breakneck reconstruction plan.
Critics question the interpretation of results using current population genetics theory.
Critics question the long-term administration of drugs to children.
Critics question the morality of such inmate-labor programs as well as their economics.
Critics question the staying power of entertainment retailers.
Critics question their motives and even the proprety of such marketing campaigns.
Critics question TV advocacy ads.
Critics question tying e-rate cash to filtering.
Critics question whether evidence is really needed for knowledge.
Critics question whether rate relief can act quickly enough to halt a slide.
Critics question whether specialization is the best option for most high school athletes.
Critics question whether the households match up with the nation as a whole.
Critics question whether the procedures to ensure environmental protections are sufficiently strong.
Critics question whether the retrieving of past life memories is authentic.
Critics question whether tradition is invariably an obstacle to modernization.
Critics rail against technology use for a variety of reasons.
Critics raise a series of other questions.
Critics rave about their songwriting skills.
Critics rave about their spontaneity, their juggling skills and their improvisational comedy.
Critics reach for their shotguns.
Critics regard economism as reductionist, failing to account for diversity.
Critics regard it as having been one of the most stultifyingly boring television programs ever.
Critics regularly bash our schools with half truths.
Critics reject the claims of nonviolence by such groups.
Critics remain sceptical about the safety of the new foods.
Critics remain skeptical But many critics, including scientists, remain skeptical.
Critics remain skeptical.
Critics remain unconvinced.
Critics reply that history is a flexible friend in Downing Street's hands.
Critics respond in four ways.
Critics respond that some of the logging is necessary for preserving forest health.
Critics respond that the program remains untested.
Critics respond to such assertions in two ways.
Critics retort that fares are still too high.
Critics revere it as a stylistic milestone.
Critics ridicule animal law as the latest example of absurdity in the legal system.
Critics rightly worry that the legislation opens the door to full-fledged billboards.
Critics roll their eyes at the homes.
Critics Say . . .
Critics say a long-term study on the effects of the vaccine is needed to make sure it is safe.
Critics say ads can oversell benefits and underplay a drug's risks.
Critics say agencies have simply been too quiet about the millennium bug.
Critics say aides are ineffective and used too broadly in the classroom.
Critics say Amelia was a foolhardy daredevil.
Critics say America has a moral obligation to enter the war on the Bosnian government side.
Critics say assistant D.A. reluctant to take rape and child molestation cases to trial.
Critics say badla can be replaced with individual stock options and index futures.
Critics say big donors buy big leverage.
Critics say both groups have already gone too far.
Critics say both nations have acted too slowly.
Critics say boxes are too easy to break into.
Critics say Brazil is out of step in rediscovering nuclear power.
Critics say Canada can no longer afford universal, publicly funded health care.
Critics say capital cases are often entrusted to young or inexperienced lawyers.
Critics say caseworkers are ill-trained to interview children.
Critics say China's success with small hydro is deceptive and future plans unrealistic.
Critics say church officials arranged the marriages to circumvent American immigration laws.
Critics say Cincinnati has had a history of racism and police mistreatment of blacks.
Critics say clean-coal projects are money wasted.
Critics say cochlear implants rob hearing-impaired individuals of their unique culture.
Critics say colleges have wanted to avoid bad publicity.
Critics say commercials market the drinks to underage teens.
Critics say consolidating that power to sue reduces the chances of suits.
Critics say courses include terrorist tactics, torture and murder.
Critics say defamation suits are a key tactic used by the government to silence dissent.
Critics say doctors and therapists sometimes push ethical boundaries online.
Critics say doctors are too quick to diagnose ADHD and over-prescribe drugs for children.
Critics say elected officials are going along with far too much.
Critics say ethnic minority media awards betray a ghetto mentality.
Critics say evenhandedness has been lacking.
Critics say federal and state building laws in southern Maine are too permissive.
Critics say filing a civil rights suit against a public disclosure agency is ridiculous.
Critics say fines are often low and criminal sanctions rare.
Critics say flirting is a national pastime.
Critics say former welfare recipients continue to live at the poverty line since welfare reform.
Critics say get-tough actions are shortsighted if they exclude social services.
Critics say glosses over the country's war record.
Critics say government leaders put no priority on conservation.
Critics say growth in the tourism industry means more lower-paying jobs.
Critics say higher interest rates lasted too long and slowed growth too much.
Critics say homicide investigators are covering up bad police shootings.
Critics say homosexuality is immoral and has no place in the school system.
Critics say human cloning is a slippery slope that ought to be avoided at all costs.
Critics say immigration over the past decade has damaged America's educational standards.
Critics say improvement came at the expense of some outcast students.
Critics say instruction, especially remedial education, is too often below the students' level.
Critics say it adds up to raw nativism.
Critics say it all comes down strong lobby groups and campaign contributions.
Critics say it allows dangerous criminals to get off with light sentences.
Critics say it also ruined the gateways to neighborhoods and took food from children's mouths.
Critics say it amounted to an artificial boost in scores.
Critics say it can add to ozone pollution.
Critics say it can be bad for children.
Critics say it can shrink the ligaments in the shoulder too much.
Critics say it contravenes Russia's constitution and revives Soviet-style limits on religion.
Critics say it costs too much and beneficiaries complain that it offers too little.
Critics say it creates too many compensation disparities, pitting workers against one another.
Critics say it destabilizes instead.
Critics say it devalues the profession.
Critics say it does anything but that.
Critics say it encourages teachers to teach the tests rather than a substantive curriculum.
Critics say it fails to do enough thinning of overstocked forests ripe for catastrophic fires.
Critics say it falls short.
Critics say it got a little bit too wild.
Critics say it has a darker shade.
Critics say it has been devouring more countryside than any metropolis in world history.
Critics say it has evaded the pain of re-engineering that has transformed much of American industry.
Critics say it has made building a new home in the Keys possible only for the wealthy.
Critics say it has.
Critics say it is a tall order.
Critics say it is an attempt to demean gay relationships.
Critics say it is an unconstitutional method of bringing prayer into the schools.
Critics say it is anti-competitive.
Critics say it is arbitrary and harsh, but no one denies that it is efficent.
Critics say it is lopsided in favor of boosting production.
Critics say it is overly broad and possibly unconstitutional.
Critics say it is prescribed too casually.
Critics say it is small wonder, if one looks at the tax burden in Japan.
Critics say it is too rich and accuse the school of operating more like a business.
Critics say it is too stringent, so the battle is far from over.
Critics say it is worse than the old legislation.
Critics say it is.
Critics say it keeps ex-convicts from having a fair chance at returning to society.
Critics say it leaves many states ignored when the race focuses on large swing states.
Critics say it means the U.S. has become policeman to the world.
Critics say it misses the point - that essays teach communication between people.
Critics say it objectifies and demeans women.
Critics say it offers nothing new.
Critics say it only proves how widespread and sophisticated drug use has become.
Critics say it poses a health threat to the people who live there.
Critics say it poses a health threat.
Critics say it produced an island of gentrification.
Critics say it s a subsidy for some of the richest people in Texas.
Critics say it s bad policy to mandate specific skills in specific second languages.
Critics say it s happening too fast.
Critics say it sends drug addicts up the river for possession of small amounts of narcotics.
Critics say it sets back consumer rights a hundred years.
Critics say it simply promises indirect subsidies to the country's industrial giants.
Critics say it undermines state water rights and charge that the agency is using bogus science.
Critics say it was a convenient time for the accident to happen.
Critics say it was a lot of money.
Critics say it was dominated by administration allies.
Critics say it's a case of the plaintiff in a lawsuit changing the law during the trial.
Critics say it's a cover-up.
Critics say it's a drug.
Critics say it's a forgery.
Critics say it's a huge waste.
Critics say it's a lifestyle choice dreaded and hated by almost everybody.
Critics say it's a mistake to use the exam to grade schools and students.
Critics say it's a prescription for trouble.
Critics say it's a raid on the benefits of ordinary permanent employees.
Critics say it's a troubling trend.
Critics say it's a windfall for wealthy suburbs.
Critics say it's about curbing speech and protecting incumbents.
Critics say it's about two years too late.
Critics say it's an unenforceable rule from small-minded bureaucrats.
Critics say it's at the expense of the environment.
Critics say it's hype and dismiss it as nothing but a fad like bellbottoms or disco.
Critics say it's just a Catholic ploy in a Catholic state to thwart divorce.
Critics say it's lavish beyond practicality and far too expensive for the county.
Critics say it's less than it seems.
Critics say it's merely a way to judge shop.
Critics say it's pandering to the timber industry while proponents call it a more balanced approach.
Critics say it's racist, while the creators say it's just meant as amusement.
Critics say it's science run amok.
Critics say it's technology overkill.
Critics say it's unfair to strip power from an elected body.
Critics say it's unworkable because email can be falsified or forged so easily.
Critics say it's unworkable because e-mail can be falsified or forged so easily.
Critics say it's wide open for abuse.
Critics say it's wrong to expect nature to conform to human expectations.
Critics say Japan's hidebound feudal practices have finally caught up with it.
Critics say keeping convicts in prisons longer hurts rehabilitation efforts.
Critics say Landmark is an elaborate marketing game that relies heavily on volunteers.
Critics say lawmakers have tinkered too much with the formula.
Critics say legislators are pushing to get some gun laws passed in time for the convention.
Critics say little has changed.
Critics say local economies often gain less than they think.
Critics say more is needed and are pressing to physically separate the two systems.
Critics say more is needed.
Critics say most of that money was lost because of an incompetent contractor.
Critics say mountaintop removal irreversibly robs the landscape and pollutes streams.
Critics say national registry is needed.
Critics say new rules are needed at all times.
Critics say no.
Critics say No.
Critics say obscenity laws violate free speech rights guaranteed by the First Amendment.
Critics say online brides are often forced into domestic work.
Critics say organic farming is based more on ideology than on environmental or economic merit.
Critics say other state workers face equal risks.
Critics say otherwise.
Critics say packages of medicine and food encourage illegal entry.
Critics say patients feel better after the chamber only because they're high on all that oxygen.
Critics say people's legal rights are often being damaged.
Critics say police have mishandled the case.
Critics say pork goes for silly things.
Critics say pupils are spending too much classtime preparing for standardized tests.
Critics say racial factors and poor lawyering can be as decisive as a murder's seriousness.
Critics say regular high schools lose top students, financial resources.
Critics say repeal is unnecessary and too costly.
Critics say repealing the capital gains tax only helps the wealthy.
Critics say replacing sand only encourages more development and in some places fails.
Critics say report adds nothing new and fails to address risks of models still in use.
Critics say rescissions reward some shareholders at the expense of others.
Critics say researchers pull mobile e-commerce numbers 'out of thin air'.
Critics say revenues are helping fuel a war waged by the Muslim government in Khartoum.
Critics say safety locks can prevent gun owners from using their weapons quickly for self-defense.
Critics say sale-leaseback companies sometimes refuse appliances as payment.
Critics say slotting fees curb fair access to the market and erode consumer choice.
Critics say some changes are needed to make sure the program is fair and reasonable.
Critics say some therapists are helping to cause the problem.
Critics say sprawl destroys farms, forests and wildlife habitats.
Critics say state inspectors are more concerned with protecting breeders than animals.
Critics say states have no business in the venture capital game.
Critics say street closings are elitist or that they create ghettos, depending on their orientation.
Critics say such bundled programs make it hard to sell separate products.
Critics say such choice proposals are anti-public education.
Critics say such concerns are farfetched.
Critics say such concerns are well-founded.
Critics say such fences clash with the historic district.
Critics say such guidelines are unethical and unenforceable.
Critics say such intentions only illustrate how far the liability-litigation madness has gone.
Critics say such laws violate free speech rights guaranteed by the First Amendment.
Critics say such legislation takes local control away from school districts.
Critics say such menacing symbols show vigilante mentality.
Critics say such models are of questionable value in determining the cause of global warming.
Critics say such movements constrain representative government.
Critics say such observations implied support.
Critics say such practices limit perspectives on news.
Critics say such reporting is insensitive,exploitative and unnecessary.
Critics say such savings are unrealistic without drastically cutting corners.
Critics say talk about such issues belongs at home.
Critics say taxpayers aren t taking advantage of the credits because they are too complex.
Critics say terminator genes force farmers to buy expensive seed annually.
Critics say that amounts to legalised theft.
Critics say that bars are only part of the problem, and note that many noisemakers are exempt.
Critics say that businesses and individuals are paying too high a price.
Critics say that by testing pills and giving out information, the group is encouraging drug use.
Critics say that by the time a problem is identified it's already too late to ameliorate the damage.
Critics say that children have plenty of time to learn about technology at an older age.
Critics say that companies withhold information to hide labour rights abuses.
Critics say that concessions are a sign of weakness.
Critics say that disrupting commerce with China is essential to uphold U.S. principles.
Critics say that dust can cause cancer or kidney damage.
Critics say that efficiency comes at a price.
Critics say that encourages overuse and abuse of the system.
Critics say that English novels, art and films are flourishing as never before.
Critics say that essentially deceives the next judge who encounters a drunken driver.
Critics say that figure is too low.
Critics say that genetic manipulation of plants is unnatural.
Critics say that gives terrorists indirect access to American capital.
Critics say that home schooled kids lack socialization skills.
Critics say that incident is another example of the district's cavalier attitude.
Critics say that is unfair.
Critics say that it is a powerhouse of global capitalism.
Critics say that it steps on Oregon state law.
Critics say that it undermines the educational mission of the university.
Critics say that it's a dangerous fraud.
Critics say that large banks, which dominate certain markets, charge more because they can.
Critics say that limiting population growth is unnecessary, as well as repressive.
Critics say that makes it appear attorneys and others can buy the courts.
Critics say that means dissemination of propaganda.
Critics say that measure is too vague to enforce.
Critics say that measurements made with a device pulled by hand produce wide variations.
Critics say that philosophy never resolves the questions that it set out to resolve.
Critics say that pigswill is only a side-issue.
Critics say that Plan Colombia is an expansion of Washington's involvement in counter-insurgency.
Critics say that power lines tend to be noisy.
Critics say that requiring both conditions is too permissive for witnesses.
Critics say that schools are being unfair to the kids they know.
Critics say that still wasn t enough time.
Critics say that system is prone to mistakes.
Critics say that the ads are disrespectful to teens and overly negative.
Critics say that the attach-on equipment has several disadvantages.
Critics say that the cameras invade the privacy of residents.
Critics say that the carnival has sold out to tourists.
Critics say that the exams are too hard.
Critics say that the law is used to muzzle legitimate complaints.
Critics say that the online gambling ban is just an election-year gimmick.
Critics say that the self-declared enforcer was judge, jury, and executioner.
Critics say that the situation is still unfair and unsafe for girls.
Critics say that there are few truly network theories of substantive phenomena.
Critics say that there are vast tracts of unused land.
Critics say that they get stuck in the programs for years and never learn English.
Critics say that threat is much exaggerated.
Critics say that treatments are no more than glorified foot massages.
Critics say that very question is indicative of a middle to middle-upper class movement.
Critics say that violates the Constitution's due process clause.
Critics say that's a waste of money, plus borrowers are locked into a stricter payment schedule.
Critics say that's nonsense.
Critics say that's one reason why the company changed the name.
Critics say that's reason enough for a moratorium until the impact is better understood.
Critics say that's too lenient.
Critics say the ads, like so many others, rely too heavily on fear.
Critics say the agency brutalizes animals and wastes money in the process.
Critics say the agency knuckled under too fast.
Critics say the agency was too slow to act, even as it became aware of mounting fatalities.
Critics say the airfield's economic impact has been grossly overstated.
Critics say the album's style ranges from strong harmonies to country rock.
Critics say the amendment is unnecessary.
Critics say the amnesty resulted in greater immigration of undocumented people.
Critics say the analysis is flawed and no cause for alarm.
Critics say the answer is no.
Critics say the armed forces have a long way to go on that score.
Critics say the armed forces have a long way to go.
Critics say the background checks are time-consuming.
Critics say the ban is discriminatory and outdated.
Critics say the bank's policies exploit the poor and harm the environment.
Critics say the bill goes much further than that and contravenes Russia's constitution.
Critics say the bill provides a snoopers' charter for the intelligence services.
Critics say the bill puts profits over people.
Critics say the bill runs afoul of the First Amendment.
Critics say the bill takes control away from local school districts.
Critics say the blind bidding scheme is unfair and lacks transparency.
Critics say the bloody spectacles are simply cruel.
Critics say the board's policies are to blame for the backlog.
Critics say the book glosses over Japan's military activities during the Second World War.
Critics say the book's conclusions encourage the acceptance of violence in human behavior.
Critics say the broadcast engenders an exaggerated fear of crime.
Critics say the case exposes the weakness of the law.
Critics say the case illustrates the arrogance of some elected officials.
Critics say the city traded civil liberties for peace.
Critics say the city's plan to create minority construction jobs is floundering.
Critics say the companies are exploiting the poor.
Critics say the company is farming out jobs to under qualified firms, increasing the risk to safety.
Critics say the company knows exactly how to make the right connections.
Critics say the Confederate flag is a symbol of racism and an ugly reminder of slavery.
Critics say the conflicting directions led many voters to pick two presidential candidates.
Critics say the core knowledge curriculum shortchanges contributions by minorities and women.
Critics say the corporations are more interested in the bottom line than in changing their ways.
Critics say the corps ordered the study doctored it to justify the proposed spending.
Critics say the corridor is overambitious.
Critics say the council's staff is largely caring and dedicated.
Critics say the craft's futuristic design is at the heart of the problem.
Critics say the craze for all things organic is out of control.
Critics say the cyclohexane measure is inadequate.
Critics say the deal demeans the nonprofit organization.
Critics say the decision is long overdue.
Critics say the decision was made to coincide with the upcoming national election.
Critics say the delay is due to a leadership that fears of losing political control.
Critics say the delays are inexcusable.
Critics say the donations undermine the objectivity of stations' news reporting.
Critics say the doughnut version is too expensive.
Critics say the draft lacks specifics on costs, goals and timelines.
Critics say the efficacy requirement requires huge expenditures by drug companies for testing.
Critics say the effort abandons the university's urban roots.
Critics say the faith is too controlling.
Critics say the figures highlight the electrical giant's sorry state.
Critics say the film is a vehicle to promote the church's teachings.
Critics say the format gives an obvious advantage to people who are more comfortable with computers.
Critics say the former judge has cast too wide a net and employed unnecessarily harsh tactics.
Critics say the fox is guarding the henhouse.
Critics say the French report is riddled with unsubstantiated rumors and false information.
Critics say the fund effectively bribes governments into cutting social benefits.
Critics say the gas companies created a high demand by aggressively recruiting customers.
Critics say the government is authoritarian and stifles creativity.
Critics say the government is partly to blame.
Critics say the government is using oil revenues to fund the war.
Critics say the government's standards of proof are impossibly high.
Critics say the Greek fleets have been built up with cheap second-hand ships.
Critics say the groups prey on freshmen and lonely international students looking to belong.
Critics say the idea is risky, given the recent woes of the financial markets.
Critics say the idea stinks and liken it to putting lipstick on a pig.
Critics say the idea violates free market principles.
Critics say the incident illustrates the agency's aggressive protective strategy.
Critics say the independent network is being taken over by corporate forces.
Critics say the Indonesian response to the disaster has been slow, casual and incompetent.
Critics say the industry's concessions on youth smoking and marketing curbs are too weak.
Critics say the joint bid spreads the games over too large an area.
Critics say the judge's decision smacks of political bias.
Critics say the Kansas City district has grown far worse.
Critics say the latest attempt to weed out nonviable companies was bound to be a failure.
Critics say the law also has been watered down to make it more difficult to enforce.
Critics say the law unfairly affects the poor and minorities.
Critics say the law unfairly targets gun shows, and leaves gaping holes for felons to buy guns.
Critics say the law violates artists' freedom of speech.
Critics say the law violates fundamental rights.
Critics say the laws are generally used against minorities and to settle personal vendettas.
Critics say the laws make public places more dangerous.
Critics say the layoffs demonstrate how modern companies treat workers as disposable tools.
Critics say the learner goals are amorphous and essentially optional.
Critics say the legal gaps have made Britain a haven for terrorist groups.
Critics say the legislation is the stuff of a police state.
Critics say the limited sale is fraught with peril.
Critics say the loans target older people, borrowers with lower incomes and minorities.
Critics say the machines are noisy and disruptive to others trying to enjoy lake activities.
Critics say the machines give off far more air pollution than automobiles.
Critics say the main victims are Cuba's poor and sick.
Critics say the main victims have hit Cuba's poor and sick.
Critics say the mandatum is an affront to academic integrity.
Critics say the measure lets companies undercut the wages of U.S. workers.
Critics say the measure unfairly favors the rich.
Critics say the media ballot review is a scavenger hunt.
Critics say the models in the ads look like teens, too young to drink in Montana at all.
Critics say the move is counterproductive.
Critics say the move threatens the independence and effectiveness of the office.
Critics say the moves outlaw homelessness and poverty and do nothing to solve the problems.
Critics say the MTC routinely ignores public input.
Critics say the mural was handled carelessly and was damaged when it was rehung.
Critics say the music is still mostly bubble-gum and largely derivative.
Critics say the Muslim youth foundation was a front used by the president to cover up payoffs.
Critics say the new agency needs to know more about fatigue before it imposes new regulations.
Critics say the new law effectively kills all limits, because no one records how much players bet.
Critics say the new plan violates the constitutional separation of church and state.
Critics say the number is actually much higher.
Critics say the number of inspectors is woefully inadequate.
Critics say the officials are just putting off finding a solution.
Critics say the only thing they raise is the level of bureaucracy.
Critics say the overreliance on temporary part-time faculty is detrimental to students.
Critics say the package eliminates choice.
Critics say the packed prisons are inhumane.
Critics say the paddlings amount to child abuse.
Critics say the party also plans to cut welfare rates, lower minimum wage, beat up on unions.
Critics say the penalties also amount to changing the rules in the middle of the game.
Critics say the pending measure, though well-intentioned, is rife with practical problems.
Critics say the plan attacks voting rights of property owners opposed to annexation.
Critics say the plan blurs the separation of church and state.
Critics say the plan does nothing to address roads.
Critics say the plan ignores the potential for wildfires caused by greater fuel loads.
Critics say the plan is an assault on property rights.
Critics say the plan is unrealistic and naive.
Critics say the police had other motivations, like their own titillation.
Critics say the policy amounts to giving away the farm, with little to show in return.
Critics say the policy flooded the market with lackluster material and lowered standards.
Critics say the practice has gotten out of hand.
Critics say the practice has widened as a result of the nation's war on drugs.
Critics say the practice increasingly is used to remove dissidents from circulation without trial.
Critics say the practice is both unethical and abusive.
Critics say the practice traps consumers in a cycle of debt.
Critics say the president's policy is wrong.
Critics say the problems with the new tungsten bullets have even more far-reaching implications.
Critics say the procedure is antiquated, expensive and unnecessary.
Critics say the process was a sham created to affirm decisions already made.
Critics say the process was too obvious to be patentable.
Critics say the program is risky.
Critics say the program is simply a cover to supply Japanese restaurants with pricey whale meat.
Critics say the program is too generous and riddled with loopholes.
Critics say the program is unnecessary in the short term and unworkable.
Critics say the program which has helped prosecute just nine food-stamp cheats is corporate welfare.
Critics say the programs encourage drug use.
Critics say the programs strip needed resources from public schools.
Critics say the project is the latest to display the president's high-spending habits.
Critics say the proposal amount to devaluation.
Critics say the proposals are a federal power grab, and set a dangerous precedent.
Critics say the proposed legislation is full of political loopholes.
Critics say the prospect of more and more commercial activity in the non-profit world is troubling.
Critics say the radar emissions are hazardous.
Critics say the rapper's lyrics promote violence against women and hatred against gays and lesbians.
Critics say the reconciliation between the two long-time enemies is impossible.
Critics say the reforms put a bounty on the heads of unwanted children.
Critics say the remedy is to redesign the legal framework to increase competition in the market.
Critics say the reported theft is only one of many financial mysteries associated with the march.
Critics say the Republican bill is too harsh.
Critics say the research is flawed.
Critics say the rich and powerful can easily manipulate such a system.
Critics say the rightwing Liberal party is simply in a panic over how to regulate the internet.
Critics say the risks of going forward now are legion.
Critics say the sale does neither.
Critics say the sanctions failed in their goal but caused the Iraqi people to suffer.
Critics say the scheme is flawed.
Critics say the scramble is part of a strategy to railroad regulators into allowing the startup.
Critics say the series is twisted and nothing more than a lurid grab for ratings.
Critics say the series promotes the occult.
Critics say the shakeup was nothing more than political payback.
Critics say the shell game works until viewers feel deceived, wise up and turn elsewhere.
Critics say the site is fatally flawed because of dormant volcanic activity nearby.
Critics say the situation has turned parts of the country into a powder keg.
Critics say the situation is still far from ideal.
Critics say the slave trade is still rampant in Sudan.
Critics say the split was over party loyalty.
Critics say the standards are too low.
Critics say the state's clemency pro cess is flawed.
Critics say the students are being left behind in mathematical knowledge and understanding.
Critics say the study is biased.
Critics say the study is too flawed to assess accurately the effect of test-prep classes.
Critics say the sweeping language of the law has made it tempting to abuse.
Critics say the system is antiquated, expensive, and unnecessary.
Critics say the system is costly and impotent.
Critics say the system is paternalistic and complicated, but it s actually pretty simple.
Critics say the system is wasteful and compromises safety.
Critics say the tax break is overly broad for a tight budget year.
Critics say the tax cut's promise of relief for all is a mirage.
Critics say the team lacks fire, and that is a valid charge.
Critics say the technology is little more than an XML version of the status quo.
Critics say the term female circumcision is misleading.
Critics say the terms lead to prison overcrowding.
Critics say the theory leaves some awkward issues unexplained.
Critics say the theory that minorities and whites drive differently is offensive.
Critics say the timing is awkward.
Critics say the tire recall needs to be wider.
Critics say the university moved slowly and discreetly, trying to keep the incident quiet.
Critics say the users change their user names and continue to download unauthorized music files.
Critics say the utilities are exaggerating their problems.
Critics say the vaccine costs too much and they are worried about potential side effects.
Critics say the Venezuelan president's populism and foreign policy have scared potential investors.
Critics say the Virginia vote is a blow to cooperative fisheries management.
Critics say the West's gain has been at the expense of developing countries.
Critics say the write-off inevitably distorts financial results.
Critics say their definitions are far to generous.
Critics say their definitions are far too generous.
Critics say their views are slanted.
Critics say there are communication gaps from the time the county passes a child to the state.
Critics say there are no set standards among fingerprint examiners as to what qualifies as a match.
Critics say there are questions about the site's safety and reliability.
Critics say there are some cases where generic drugs caused medical problems that killed people.
Critics say there are still a lot of gaps.
Critics say there is little evidence to show that wilderness therapy works.
Critics say there is little published research into their dietary impact.
Critics say there is unsympathetic gore and generally a glorified game of cat and mouse.
Critics say there's no way to actually make money.
Critics say they are a funding source for unnecessary, pork-barrel projects.
Critics say they are counting on inertia to do the job.
Critics say they are far from reaching the goals and change has been slow and difficult.
Critics say they are left with a church with little to no real theology.
Critics say they are outdated laws that force the government to pay more than is necessary.
Critics say they are suffering because of their own greed.
Critics say they distort the election process and feed the campaign money monster's appetite.
Critics say they encourage a habit of dependency and stifle initiative.
Critics say they lead to legalized extortion.
Critics say they leave a lot of questions unanswered.
Critics say they often fail to do an adequate job.
Critics say they plunder places of archaeological value.
Critics say they present an unrealistic view of society.
Critics say they support it as a way of killing the broader bill.
Critics say they want novels to have something serious to say.
Critics say they won t taste many benefits of the new Shanghai.
Critics say they're aiding Palestinian extremists.
Critics say they're bigger on looks than valuable information.
Critics say they're really trying to disguise poor results.
Critics say they're trying to turn out the lights on democracy.
Critics say thousands of people have received no ballot papers while others have been posted dozens.
Critics say too little is being done to improve things at the state and county levels.
Critics say too much time has been lost, allowing contaminants to spread.
Critics say users can never really own the disc because they have to buy more time to view it again.
Critics say varying standards for decision-making can be unfair to defendants.
Critics say vendors preach standards support but continue to extend standards in proprietary ways.
Critics say visitors are in danger if they arrive while heavy bulk cargo is offloading.
Critics say vouchers undermine public education, sending tax dollars to parochial schools.
Critics say Washington is living in the past.
Critics say whale deaths in Bahamas show otherwise.
Critics say with independence comes lack of accountability.
Critics say yes, and federal judges in New York seem interested in hearing arguments.
Critics say yes, pointing to budding indicators of a corporate mind-set.
Critics say, however, that the option plans pose potential problems for charities.
Critics says it promotes homosexuality.
Critics says only abstinence is suitable for heroin users.
Critics says the cyclohexane measure is inadequate.
Critics scoff at such claims.
Critics search for a magic bullet to slay the beast.
Critics see a bait and switch.
Critics see a host of other risks in the U.S. approach.
Critics see a huge change in Sherwood's work.
Critics see a slippery slope to an all-out campaign for drug legalization.
Critics see conflicts.
Critics see federal funding for the projects as welfare for affluent beachfront property owners.
Critics see in Starr's latest foray evidence of ax grinding.
Critics see is as another erosion of privacy.
Critics see it as a threat to jobs, democracy and natural resources.
Critics see it as further impoverishing many poor families.
Critics see it as putting more women and children at economic risk.
Critics see it as racial preferences under another name.
Critics see lots of movies, worse than the worst couch potatoes.
Critics see money buying power.
Critics see other reasons behind the soaring price estimates.
Critics see reason enough for anxiety.
Critics see slippage.
Critics see such screening as a violation of the Fourth Amendment, outlawing illegal searches.
Critics see the latter as being more important.
Critics see the licensing system as a continuation of the status quo.
Critics see the move as a crackdown on press freedoms.
Critics see the program as a fast way of filling vacancies and getting warm bodies in classrooms.
Critics see the proposed reduction as too limited.
Critics see the tactic as an effort to stifle debate and sow dissension in opposition ranks.
Critics see the TV amusement industry as converting America's children into pure commodity.
Critics see ulterior motives, particularly in the canceling of cheap version upgrades.
Critics seem pretty mixed about it.
Critics seem to agree.
Critics seem to feel comfortable about letting the person read both sites and make their decision.
Critics seem to ignore the most recent studies of investigators of neuroscience.
Critics seem to think drugs cost too much, and they point to drug company profits as proof.
Critics shake their heads.
Critics share issues across the range of subject areas.
Critics single it out for mishandling Japan's troubled banking situation and other financial crises.
Critics smell a conspiracy.
Critics smell a fox near the henhouse.
Critics sniff that the women are cash-starved drug addicts.
Critics speak in harsher terms.
Critics still abound.
Critics still admire the film's style and technique.
Critics still hope for a veto.
Critics still insist numbers speak louder than any marketing campaign.
Critics suffer from the problem the law tries to cure.
Critics suggest other possible explanations, however.
Critics suggest that advertising imposes serious costs on the consumer and society.
Critics suggest that government now address the pollution problems it has created.
Critics suggest that is a tall order, and a form of backdoor funding for religious outreach.
Critics suggest that it is unreasonable and too costly to insure agriculture into profitability.
Critics suggest that the industry manipulated supplies to force prices and profits higher.
Critics suggest that the loophole indicates a lack of serious commitment to the ban.
Critics suggest the idea is as fanciful as turning lead into gold.
Critics take a parental role with everyone they know.
Critics take number.
Critics take strong exception to calf roping.
Critics talk of other problems.
Critics tell women their voices are too high and their stature is too short.
Critics tend to be dismissed as paranoid.
Critics tend to describe either the window, or what they see through the window.
Critics tend to raise a number of concerns about distance based insurance.
Critics tend to shy away from student productions unless they are very, very good.
Critics then question the educational outcome and quality of education provided.
Critics there say it places the burden of protecting habitat on unlucky private landowners.
Critics think field-based training is preferable to college of education classrooms.
Critics think in terms of story and style.
Critics think kneeling in public prayer is inappropriate.
Critics think otherwise.
Critics think so, yet a new study shows that it works.
Critics think that congestion is up, and argue for the elimination of the carpool lane.
Critics think that's a bad thing.
Critics think the proposed regulations have only a slim chance of passing, however.
Critics think the system is bound to fail.
Critics thus mold and determine taste, shaping and establishing writers' reputations.
Critics tick off several reasons, including racial divisiveness.
Critics traditionally insist on judging new paradigms by criteria generated by the old paradigm.
Critics try to help that audience focus on things worth thinking about in dance.
Critics understandably are concerned about innocent defendants being put to death.
Critics uphold property rights, capitalism, and markets as examples of moral decadence.
Critics urge caution.
Critics urge overhaul of Ph.D. training, but disagree sharply on how to do so.
Critics use comparisons with other states and with national averages to make their case.
Critics use the same events to argue that happy coincidence is keeping the caravan above sea-level.
Critics view it as a method of controlling women's sexuality.
Critics view it as a racial parody.
Critics view it as an environmental crime worse than anything that has yet been done to Earth.
Critics view the administration's support of ergonomics regulations in principle as a smokescreen.
Critics view the dramatic pre-dawn takeover as a move to silence free speech in Russia.
Critics view the levy as a local financing mechanism, but ineffective as a regulatory instrument.
Critics voice that complaint about some plays.
Critics warn it can also contain harmful bacteria and heavy metals.
Critics warn of monopoly or even American control.
Critics warn of unexpected and irreversible effects on agriculture and biodiversity.
Critics warn that fraud is distressingly common in medicine.
Critics warn that reduced competition is bound to hurt passengers, too.
Critics warn that school officials are extending their jurisdiction beyond the schoolhouse gates.
Critics weigh in on what makes violence in film wrong, right and R-rated.
Critics wonder about the relation between romance and autobiography, and romance and revolution.
Critics wonder how many employers of students actually read the books.
Critics wonder how much knowledge-management systems can benefit corporate education.
Critics wonder if online proceedings can replace the experience of a physical courtroom.
Critics wonder whether the questions added by each successive administration are necessary.
Critics wonder why the company is given such free rein.
Critics wonder why the government is involved in asking Web sites to add or change content.
Critics worry about a new rivalry between utilities that operate the plants.
Critics worry about charter-school accountability.
Critics worry about the crowding-out effect of a big tax cut on economic activity.
Critics worry it'll also transplant diseases to humans.
Critics worry less about the effect of big money on parties than on voters.
Critics worry no one is making sure consumers are protected.
Critics worry that giving a tax cut wouldn t be prudent if the economy falters.
Critics worry that privatization is too risky.
Critics worry that such brand-name schools are out to profit at the expense of children.
Critics worry that temporary employment undermines job security and stability.
Critics worry that their growing debt poses a risk to the economy.
Critics worry the project is too optimistic.
Critics worry vocally about the sometimes minimal training and qualifications of the counselors.
Critics wring their hands and whine about elitism, and then prices come down and everybody gets one.
Critics write about their bubbly pop sound or their good time show as if they're bad things.
Critics write on the best of the new show.
Critics always complain about sloppy scripts, pallid sequels and shameless rip-offs.
Critics always run the risk of appearing to be snobs when they slam a silly comedy.
Critics always say the show is too long.
Critics always search for autobiographical tidbits in a writer's work.
Critics always talk as if they understand works perfectly and they can always criticize the perfect.
Critics always urge the company to drop the boxes and concentrate on software.
Critics frequently argue that campaign contributions are a form of protected free speech.
Critics frequently disagree over which browser is superior.
Critics frequently note, for example, that the practice poses health risks for adolescent females.
Critics frequently regard genre distinctions as useful descriptive devices albeit arbitrary ones.
Critics often argue that the benefits of privatization come at a significant cost to society.
Critics often blame racism for public housing's troubles.
Critics often call the Japanese businessmen self-serving economic animals.
Critics often cite economic projections as inaccurate and unavailing for business operations.
Critics often gripe about romantic comedies because of their often predictable cookie-cutter plots.
Critics often identify the genre only to aid in interpreting a particular work.
Critics often mention the group's energy and humor.
Critics often portray the industry as careless about environmental concerns.
Critics often raise concerns about the so-called hidden costs for teacher training and maintenance.
Critics often react that way when a few of a performer's films go bust.
Critics often say feminists hate men.
Critics often say that the interest on the trust-fund securities is never usable.
Critics often say that the only thing it prevents is winning.
Critics often seize upon that.
Critics often speak of a bit player stealing the scene in a movie.
Critics often try to classify secular humanism as a religion.
Critics sometimes dismiss vitamins as cure-alls.
Critics sometimes find apparent contradictions, but after careful study, the conclusion is negative.
Critics usually forget to give the Book of Mormon credit where it is due.
Critics usually overvalue particular items and ignore others.
All critics are welcome.
All critics consider the last three years as the golden age of Syrian TV productions.
Every critic has a personal agenda.
Many critics are convinced the military is using an unsafe vaccine.
Many critics are skeptical, claiming that deregulation has failed in California.
Many critics argue that such processes are contributing to the loss of place identities.
Many critics associate prostitution with violence, but that's mainly because it's illegal.
Many critics attack politicians for being out of touch with the public.
Many critics believe it to be one of the most frightening movies ever made.
Many critics believe that globalization is somehow responsible for the plight of the poor.
Many critics blame the browser and are trying to develop new ways to navigate the Net.
Many critics call it gambling.
Many critics consider it a classic.
Many critics deny the validity of that test.
Many critics doubt it.
Many critics earn their living in unrelated areas.
Many critics feel drug movies romanticize the high life, despite their high-minded ideals.
Many critics hate it, but the public loves it already.
Many critics insist that the answer is no.
Many critics maintain that it takes years to recoup any vacation savings from a time share.
Many critics never figure out what they actually like.
Many critics note that researchers had data several years ago that identified at-risk populations.
Many critics object to the escrow plan.
Many critics point out how the poem conveys so perfectly what others have always felt.
Many critics point out that through the open-ended texts it is possible to read it subversively.
Many critics point to conflicting research about the benefits of smaller classes.
Many critics point to gender-equity laws as the driving force behind the cuts.
Many critics rate the movie specifically on the acting, plot, special effects, etc.
Many critics recognize the value of computing technology to disabled people.
Many critics refer to the Christian symbolism in the book, and rightfully so.
Many critics regard Death of A Salesman as the perfect embodiment of the modern American drama.
Many critics say innovation can only happen in the context of a freer society.
Many critics say it leads to child abuse.
Many critics say it's hard for things to get much worse.
Many critics say Super Bowl commercials offer a glimpse into American pop culture.
Many critics say that there was great compassion for the monster.
Many critics say yes.
Many critics seem to consider 'early-musickers' a separate breed from 'modern practice' musicians.
Many critics tend to view the ancient novels as degenerate or decadent forms of other verse genres.
Many critics think it has a good chance.
Many critics think the biggest improvement is in the new passenger accommodations.
Many critics use it as a point of reference when talking about American cooking.
Many critics view it as the first hit TV sitcom.
Many critics worry that temporary employment undermines job security and stability.
Most critics are stupid.
Most critics are too tired to be that.
Most critics bend themselves into cute li l mobius strips trying to justify the doggies as art.
Most critics call for higher standards.
Most critics call the film highly visual and funny, but lacking in story and depth.
Most critics concur that urbanization was a concomitant feature of industrialization.
Most critics didn t like either, but then, most critics are tight-asses.
Most critics disagree, but long live dissent.
Most critics feel the film skews fairly young.
Most critics figure they'll be eaten alive.
Most critics have their least favorite genres.
Most critics only seem comfortable dealing with conventional, naturalistic novels.
Most critics states it to be a freestyle music.
Most critics suck more than most movies do.
Most critics think it's average.
Most critics think that the verse is ironical.
Most critics think the negative ads have crowded out the issues, but they have it backwards.
Most critics treat all such movies with equal contempt.
Most critics use ideas from a variety of backgrounds to try to understand a text.
Some critics accuse textbooks of being bland.
Some critics alledge that our winds are too erratic - they gust too much or are too powerful.
Some critics also are uneasy about a new twist on the loans.
Some critics also charge that the company's network crashes too often.
Some critics are advocates of interdiction and crime-fighting aspects of the problem.
Some critics are isolationists who are opposed to the process of globalization.
Some critics are lucky enough to have great symbols to work with.
Some critics are more philosophical.
Some critics are more succinct.
Some critics are poor writers and produce only superficial or unsubstantiated work.
Some critics are so frustrated they seem ready to give up.
Some critics argue taxpayer dollars shouldn t be used to promote business deals for corporations.
Some critics argue that continuity can take a flying leap.
Some critics argue that day trading creates excessive market volatility.
Some critics argue that deregulated markets lead to the best media order.
Some critics argue that ending the guarantee of benefits hurt children.
Some critics argue that environmental rules are constraining energy supply.
Some critics argue that individual accounts are too risky for lower-income individuals.
Some critics argue that macro-marketing costs too much.
Some critics argue that project management is inappropriate for IT projects.
Some critics argue that strict no-fault divorce can provide a cover for serious marital misconduct.
Some critics argue that such a requirement places too large of a burden on the insurer.
Some critics argue that such strategies undermined the traditional role of non-profit institutions.
Some critics argue that the 'best interest' standard is too indeterminate.
Some critics argue that the cost of the appliances is too high for mass acceptance.
Some critics argue that the study itself is unethical.
Some critics argue that there is no such beast as a female bildungsroman.
Some critics argue that they are vital to all narrative forms.
Some critics argue traditional learning is being sacrificed for convenience and cost savings.
Some critics argue, however, that the crackdowns on the drug trade have actually made matters worse.
Some critics attempt to confine any contemporary and universal artistic proposition from Africa.
Some critics beg to differ.
Some critics believe it is the first American epic poem.
Some critics believe that faculty emphasize research at the expense of quality teaching.
Some critics believe that it is because women see their favorite celebrities giving birth that way.
Some critics believe that it puts women at greater risk, serving only to further anger the batterer.
Some critics believe that the term is oxymoronic.
Some critics believe the category is dubious, believing software can only be utilitarian.
Some critics believe there are too many dark tones in the store.
Some critics believe today's burgeoning organic market has turned into the industry it once fought.
Some critics blame scientific illiteracy on flawed education.
Some critics call it a new form of slavery and warn of the establishment of American gulags.
Some critics call the changes unmerciful.
Some critics call The Green Mile the best film of the year.
Some critics call the policy invasive and bureaucratic, but many parents appreciate the effort.
Some critics call the proposal, which preceded the drought, a threat to health and the environment.
Some critics call vitamin supplements a waste of money.
Some critics carp that the trip is just a tourist jaunt by a lame-duck president.
Some critics characterize logging as wholesale ecological destruction.
Some critics charge move is attempt to buy off impending regulatory restrictions.
Some critics charge that the duo actually helped set the conditions for the Asian crisis.
Some critics charge that the media are biased in a liberal direction.
Some critics charge that wall has been crumbling.
Some critics claim that all crimes are hate crimes.
Some critics claim that classic tragedies are a thing of the past.
Some critics claim that it was a Christian insertion.
Some critics claim that Leave no child behind is a pleasant-sounding but ultimately empty slogan.
Some critics claim that only the rich have gained.
Some critics claim that pull carts result in slow play.
Some critics claim that world conferences cost too much and accomplish little.
Some critics claim the bill is more than just a legal gloss to the same old thing.
Some critics claim the decline in school violence has come at a cost.
Some critics claim The Empire Strikes Back is one the greatest films of all time.
Some critics claim the report's ideas are already being discussed.
Some critics complain that the people who work for the insurance industry have to have jobs, too.
Some critics complain that undernutrition requires following a starvation diet.
Some critics condemn the student movement as merely a training ground for budding politicians.
Some critics consider the older boys line too clownish to appeal to increasingly sophisticated kids.
Some critics contend affirmative action programs increase tensions and encourage complaints.
Some critics contend our approach amounts to letting readers edit the newspaper.
Some critics contend that a variety of barriers prevent IRBs from doing an effective job.
Some critics contend that Chiluba has kept key Christian leaders in tow by doling out cash.
Some critics contend that pop culture has become more narcissistic in recent decades.
Some critics contend that the kan- garoo culling quotas are too high.
Some critics contend, with good reason, that it already has happened.
Some critics dismiss it as assigning social work to police officers.
Some critics dismiss such initiatives as cultural imperialism.
Some critics dismiss wireless as a curiosity.
Some critics doubt it.
Some critics doubt that such a reversal is possible.
Some critics favor the use of robots instead of humans to explore space.
Some critics fear the study is the beginning of a movement to legalize marijuana.
Some critics feel more archaic.
Some critics feel that it has less of an impact, however, due to the somewhat dull Latin text.
Some critics feel that the bond offering was premature.
Some critics feel that they operate more like lap dogs rather guard dogs.
Some critics find church leafleting too aggressive.
Some critics foresee a sticky First Amendment situation.
Some critics go even further, questioning the very premise of the program.
Some critics go even further.
Some critics go further and smell a political conspiracy to discredit Israel.
Some critics go further.
Some critics go much further in their indictment of financial measures.
Some critics have their facts wrong.
Some critics indict pro wrestling as violent and morally corrupt.
Some critics insist that too many students languish in bilingual classes and never master English.
Some critics lament that the event marked a new low in American journalism.
Some critics like to be esoteric and choose films simply for their difficulty.
Some critics like to use the Bible against the restored gospel.
Some critics maintain that institutions are only out for a fast buck.
Some critics maintain that the policy only encourages slave trafficking.
Some critics maintain that the prophecies found in the Bible are no better than the oracles.
Some critics object to all evangelists in general.
Some critics object to any tinkering with the traditional structure of lectio divina.
Some critics perceive technology harmful to the public and think that it is controlling our lives.
Some critics point first at farm owners and operators.
Some critics point out that home-schooled students have little chance to mingle with other children.
Some critics point out that methanol, an alcohol, is toxic.
Some critics point to inadequate teacher preparation.
Some critics point to the high cost of manned missions.
Some critics point to what they say is a pattern of bad decision-making by the museum's leadership.
Some critics portray China as a totalitarian dictatorship obsessed with control.
Some critics question that arrangement because the stadium is owned by Hamilton County.
Some critics question the accuracy of resampling estimates.
Some critics question the notion that private charities can assume Washington's safety-net role.
Some critics question the value of classroom learning through the Internet.
Some critics question the wisdom of licensing frequencies at all.
Some critics question whether the program can really afford success for all.
Some critics refer to the use in some devotional manuals of the image of the five-fingered hand.
Some critics refuse to do it.
Some critics regard it as medically unnecessary.
Some critics regard science profession as another social wellfare.
Some critics regard the style as the first stage of modern architecture.
Some critics remain skeptical of the face readers' potential.
Some critics remain unconvinced by new developments on Hutchinson Island.
Some critics remain unconvinced.
Some critics respond positively to the series 's presentation of Cold War and capitalist themes .
Some critics respond positively to the series's presentation of Cold War and capitalist themes.
Some critics say a master plan for the studies was needed from the start.
Some critics say city and federal authorities have been working on the wrong issue.
Some Critics say cramming schools with computers just wastes taxpayer dollars.
Some critics say expecting teenagers to give up modern dating rituals is asking too much.
Some critics say hypnosis is relaxation with selective attention.
Some critics say it all has to do with women's submissive role in Spanish society.
Some critics say it is a realistic and harrowing depiction of war.
Some critics say it is too simple.
Some critics say it promotes religion, others that it compromises the church s mission.
Some critics say it suffers from poor sound quality.
Some critics say it's just a code for English.
Some critics say male scientists have been more interested in treating the health problems of men.
Some critics say that Buddhist followers and leaders have been interested in property and money.
Some critics say that community involves a surrender of one's individuality.
Some critics say that is a lot of work to set up a device that is primarily a marketing tool.
Some critics say that local regulatory activity is a barrier to entry.
Some critics say that the document itself was designed to confuse rather than to inform.
Some critics say that the group is fighting a losing battle.
Some critics say that the pyramid places too much emphasis on dairy and meat products.
Some critics say the dearth of on-screen minorities is the result of too few nonwhite writers.
Some critics say the drive for profitability has come at a cost.
Some critics say the Internet can be a distraction from learning or isolate teachers from students.
Some critics say the methods used to estimate poverty in the United States is unreliable.
Some critics say the plot is tied up a little too neatly.
Some critics say the predominant attitude toward the poor is punitive.
Some critics say the separation has created a sterile atmosphere in similar arenas.
Some critics say the state is putting up unnecessary obstacles.
Some critics say the thirst for growth and taxes can blind local officials to flood threats.
Some critics say there's no such thing as digital art.
Some critics say they lack leadership and strategy.
Some critics say umpires have got no feel and they're ruining the game.
Some critics see civil service laws as a barrier to dealing with poor performers.
Some critics see flaws in a Saskatchewan farmer's plan to set up a global wheat marketing cartel.
Some critics see little function for schools of education.
Some critics see only horrors when they pontificate over Hollywood.
Some critics see the intrusion of pop culture into scholarship as a bad thing.
Some critics suggest London already has enough roads and merely needs to better manage traffic.
Some critics suggest policies that restructure the organization of work itself.
Some critics suggest that political correctness is a factor in schools' cautious response.
Some critics suggest the primary aim is to halt privatization efforts.
Some critics suggest the solution is raising the price of timber.
Some critics suspect that the issue is partly psychological.
Some critics take issue with that claim and call many patents dubious.
Some critics take issue with the figure, saying it's too little to cover the soaring cost of power.
Some critics think it's time to reinvent the wheel.
Some critics think pro bono work is down, but there's much to be proud of .
Some critics think that is too weak.
Some critics think that the sensual imagery which permeates the poem borders on symbolism.
Some critics think the effort is misdirected.
Some critics think the group is trying to reinvent the wheel.
Some critics view the ABM Treaty with outright contempt.
Some critics view the new technology as a frivolous tool of education.
Some critics vote no.
Some critics wonder how a law school can be serious in a gaming state.
Some critics work themselves into approximately the same mindset about weapon systems.
Some critics worry because so many teen-agers drop out of high school for their baseball pursuits.
Critical acclaim is another.
More critical acclaim keeps pouring in for our sexy Shakespearean spoof.
Critical aesthetics actualizes the critical awareness involved in our aesthetic experiences.
Critical alarms are the most severe, and minor alarms are the least severe.
A critical analysis is an assessment
Critical analysis emphasizes the person in environment perspective and transactional viewpoints.
Critical analysis fails before an icon.
Critical analysis helps define the best ways to increase effectiveness.
Critical analysis is also a central aspect of the course.
Critical analysis is due.
Critical analysis is emphasized.
Critical analysis is perfunctory at best.
Critical analysis is vital to our survival.
Critical analysis pervades and unifies the various contributions.
Critical analysis thrives on problems, failures, and mistakes.
More critical analysis assists the selection of better therapy.
A critical angle is an incidence angle
Critical angle is the result of light interfacing at two mediums.
Critical angles are functions of the refractive index for a particular gem.
Critical annotations describe each title, and estimated grade levels are also included.
Critical application produces history.
A critical appraisal is an assessment
Critical appraisal is used by readers to triangulate the truth.
Critical appraisals are evaluative summaries of identified studies based on standard templates.
Critical approaches provide tools to use in reading and understanding.
All critical approaches are welcome.
All Critical approaches are welcome.
Many critical archivists claim the latter.
Critical area is defined as the probability of failure times the die area.
Critical areas are environmentally sensitive lands that are protected in some way.
Critical areas are steep hills, drifts, and ice.
All critical areas have individual temperature control units.
Any critical area is identified and shown in a user-friendly manner.
Critical artists can bring the knowledge out of the labs, and into the lives of nonspecialists.
Critical assemblies are special nuclear devices designed and used to sustain nuclear reactions.
Critical assessment is the inner voice's response to judgment, and the non-ego criticism of others.
Some critical assessment is looked for as well.
Critical assumptions distinguish one theory from another.
Critical assumptions represent both opportunities and constraints.
Critical atheism holds that the evidence for theism is inadequate.
Critical attention is given to service delivery systems and to the child welfare worker's job.
Critical attention needs to be focussed on the development of appropriate nitrogen loading limits.
Critical autobiography is a necessary part of every epistemology.
Critical awareness continues to be developed through periodic critiques.
Critical balance is coordinated from a single control panel.
Critical bands allow discrimination of different sounds simultaneously.
Critical bands are a way to group frequency bands which better mimics the response of the human ear.
Critical behaviors are functional.
Critical behaviors have to get reinforced immediately and directly.
Critical biography presents the weaknesses and strengths of the subject.
Critical book reviewing often includes a discussion of bias .
Critical bugs prevent the usage of the product.
Critical business processes demand speed, efficiency and reliability.
Critical care involves many professionals working in an intense setting in a small geographic area.
Critical care is an exciting, dynamic, new specialty in veterinary medicine.
Critical care is emphasized.
Critical care is patient driven and can be provided in a variety of settings.
Critical care needs to be taken in the format and protocol of email.
Critical care needs to be taken in the format and protocol of e-mail.
Critical care presents several unique challenges for clinical research.
Critical care requires continual problem-solving.
Critical Care Welcome back.
Most critical care is denied because of the diagnosis.
Critical cases come first.
Critical chain addresses several key problems in project scheduling.
Critical chain deals with project management s challenge to deal with uncertainty effectively.
Critical challenge is to establish a consistency of rules across the region.
Many critical changes are subject to threshold effects.
Critical chunks are necessary in order to properly display the contents of the file.
Some critical circumstances contribute to high tide.
Some critical circumstances contribute to red tide.
Some critical circumstances contribute to tide.
Critical comment is included where appropriate.
Critical comment is reported widely in the press.
Critical comment is welcome.
Critical comments address product quality, documentation, and service.
Critical comments are welcome, but please keep the discourse civil.
Critical comments are, of course, welcome.
Critical comments can be destructive and damaging in the lives of other people.
Any critical comment is just an individual opinion.
Critical commentary is appreciated.
Critical communication involves interpreting, proposing, and judging.
Critical communications require a robust and rich voice piece.
Critical component is the connector piece.
Critical components are waist high and can be easily reached by maintenance crews.
Critical components are what are needed to interact with a computer.
Critical components Remember . . .
Critical components require high protection and installation space is a constant constraint.
All critical components have at least one hot-swappable backup .
All critical components have at least one hot-swappable backup.
All critical components have at least one swappable backup.
Many critical components make the Internet and the Web possible.
Some critical concentration relates to exposure.
Some critical concentration relates to pollutant exposure.
Critical current is the amount of current a given wire can carry without losing superconductivity.
Critical damage needs to be stabilized.
Critical data is copied between machines regularly.
Critical data is entered via a double data entry process and then validated systematically.
Critical data is identified on a source server and mirrored to a target server.
Critical data is recorded as the animal is processed and the collar put in place.
Critical data seems to suggest that females recover better from brain damage than males.
All critical data is backed up on an incremental basis to ensure maximum system redundancy.
All critical data is kept in the firm's private network area ensuring no unauthorized access.
Critical days occur when the curve sits on the midline.
Every critical day is given to members on average three days in advance of the critical day.
Critical decision making related to intervention and patient management is emphasized.
Critical decisions are deliberate and made by an informed management team.
Critical decisions have to be made.
Some critical decisions affect patients.
Critical detail is provided for the serious student of trading.
Critical details remain incomplete.
Some critical details remain unclear.
Critical devices keep operating as if utility power never failed.
Critical dimensions change that can affect seal performance.
Critical discourses vary from the purely abstract to the purely rhetorical .
Critical discussion follows.
Critical discussion is encouraged, but respect differences of opinion.
Critical discussions are to be conversational and conducted in an orderly and professional manner.
Critical discussions provide theories of motor, auditory, and computer recognition of speech.
Critical duration is longer for brighter background and smaller test stimuli.
Critical ecosystems are preserved in the core zone.
Critical edge is that portion of upland that runs along the border of the marsh.
Critical edges can cause problems for code motion.
Critical elements are already in place.
Critical elements are in red.
Critical elements are the only basis for determining that an employee's performance is unacceptable.
Many critical elements are already in place for future effectiveness.
Critical enzymes require for synthesis.
Most critical enzymes require for synthesis.
Critical errors are likely to remain after fixing.
Critical errors can lead to error avalanches also.
Critical essays are longer, more formal writing assignments.
Critical essays precede individual works.
Critical ethnography is fundamentally concerned with questions of education and inequality.
Critical evaluation is highly recommended.
Critical extension is unavailable.
Critical facilitators are appropriate institutional structures.
Critical facilitators are language skills and literacy.
Critical factor is thorough counseling to rule out indicators of possible regret.
Critical factors affect decisions.
Critical factors affect quality.
Critical factors are neatness, readability and promptness.
Critical factors are neatness, readability, and promptness.
Critical factors influence cost.
Critical factors influence development.
Critical factors threaten survival.
Many critical factors determine the clamp style, size and installation method.
Most critical factors affect decisions.
Most critical factors affect quality.
Most critical factors threaten survival.
Some critical factors determine extent.
Some critical factors determine suitabilities.
Some critical factors determine the carrying capacity for humans on earth.
Some critical factors involve in inductions.
Critical failures require immediate service.
Critical feature is the child friendliness.
Some critical features are only available in the pro version for a fee.
Critical feedback can be useful, but only when appropriately given.
Critical feedback is provided by our current and former residents and faculty.
Critical findings vary with the project.
Critical flaws can result in cost over runs, or even catastrophic failure.
Critical flow occurs when the high side pressure is two times the low side pressure or larger.
Critical flow occurs when the velocity through the orifice equals the speed of sound.
Critical fluctuations are intense fluctuations in the order or symmetry of a thermodynamic system.
Critical focus is a matter of one or two pixels.
Critical frequencies depend upon the buoyancy frequency and bottom slope.
Critical friends are priceless.
Critical functions are a single click.
Most critical function has the most power.
Critical gaps exist in official statistics.
Many critical gaps exist in research on policy.
Critical habitat can include private as well as government lands.
Critical habitat follows the shorelines around the perimeters of each included lake.
Critical habitat includes all areas necessary for the survival and full recovery of the species.
Critical habitat is a term used in the Endangered Species Act.
Critical habitat is acquired and research conducted to help protect endangered species.
Critical habitat is applied to areas deemed necessary for a species' conservation and recovery.
Critical habitat is based on the most current maps of surveyed subpopulations.
Critical habitat is defined as all necessary for the recovery of the species.
Critical habitat is different, it is easy to tell if habitat is being illegally destroyed.
Critical habitat is in the process of being revised.
Critical habitat is land considered crucial to the survival of creatures on the brink of extinction.
Critical habitat is lost to forces the fisheries manager has very little influence on.
Critical habitat is noted, with a description, for the counties where it is designated.
Critical habitat is proposed for the Appalachian elktoe.
Critical habitat is proposed for the Scotts Valley polygonum and the Scotts Valley spineflower.
Critical habitat is proposed the Monterey spineflower.
Critical habitat is supposed to be designated concurrently with a species listing.
Critical habitat is the area occupied by steelhead or essential to the survival of steelhead.
Critical habitats have to be designated.
Critical hazards are inherent at every work site.
Critical History selects the best from the past in order to create and build a better future.
Critical hits are still the usual cause of death however.
Critical ideas are apt to make any critic suspected of being subversive.
Critical Incident Debriefing Details to follow soon.
Critical incident debriefing for all victims is an important early intervention.
Critical incidents are any tragic event that effects a person emotionally and psychologically.
Critical incidents are very individual.
Critical incidents can help senior students extend to skills of reflection and critical analysis.
All critical incidents are to be reported immediately to the supervisor.
Some critical incident acts to expose the person to their own or others' ethnic identity.
Critical indices determine when a task falls along a critical path during a simulation.
Critical information can make or break a case.
Critical information get in the hands of decision-makers fast.
Critical information is as follows.
Critical information is highlighted in yellow.
Critical information is made available to all traffic management specialists simultaneously.
Critical information is secured on the physical, logical, and technical levels.
Critical information is withheld from the board.
Critical innocence is out of the question.
Critical inquiry allows for freedom of belief as it separates belief from knowledge.
Critical inquiry calls for an active dialogue.
Critical inquiry involves the gathering, interpretation, and evaluation of evidence and arguments.
Critical inquiry involves the gathering, interpretation, and evaluation of evidence.
Critical inquiry is an important quality for safe practice.
Critical inquiry is emphasized in detailed examination of specific topics.
Critical inquiry refers to the gathering, interpretation, and evaluation of evidence.
Critical intelligence is sacrificed to the government line.
Critical interest is far more evenly distributed than on the continent.
Critical interests are at stake.
Critical ischaemia is a term to describe a severe deficiency of blood to a limb, usually the leg.
Critical issue is independence and autonomy in preparation for adulthood.
Critical issues are raised, moreover, that go well beyond the confines of southeastern Europe.
Critical Issues plan.
Critical Issues Read about information on issues critical to early childhood education.
Critical issues receive immediate and on-going attention until resolved.
Critical issues remain unresolved.
Critical issues remain, and new ones arise.
Critical Issues Take a Tour of the Web site.
Some critical issues prowl in the background of controversy, often going unrecognized.
Critical jobs require immediate problem resolution regardless of the hour.
Critical Jobs -We have many key jobs to fill.
Critical judgement is necessary to both.
Critical judgment can spring from our unconscious fears.
Critical judgments are unnecessary and can be released.
Critical knowledge has to be modeled and processed so that it enables effective action.
Critical landscape attributes that influence fish population dynamics in headwater streams.
Critical level represents a one-day supply for the system.
Critical levels vary depending on the salt, the plant species, the growth stage and the climate.
Critical limits refer to temperatures beyond which only short-term exposure is possible.
Critical listeners can adopt the perspective of the speaker in order to understand what is said.
Critical literacies involve interpreting, critiquing, evaluating, and synthesizing.
Critical literacy is needed for a true democracy to function.
Critical literacy is our main concern.
Many critical loads are highly sensitive to the interruption of utility-supplied power.
Critical mass has strong initial influences but few long-term influences.
Critical mass has to do with how such a knowledge exchange is actually implemented.
Critical mass is absent in many Australian regional infrastructure markets.
Critical mass is achieved by involving key players up and down the global supply chain.
Critical mass is amounts.
Critical mass is an amount
Critical mass is an expression which science applies to nuclear reactions.
Critical mass is better than being the first mover.
Critical mass is essential.
Critical mass is established and the momentum is growing.
Critical mass is mass.
Critical mass is maybe two or three years away.
Critical mass is still over the horizon.
Critical mass is the amount of radioactive material necessary to sustain a chain reaction.
Critical mass is the key issue in the semiconductor equipment industry.
Critical mass is there somewhere.
Critical mass is very hard to achieve.
Critical mass is what matters.
Critical mass is within our reach and it's attainable.
Critical mass refers most often to the number of people required to plan and implement a project.
Critical mass remains a ways off, the company concedes.
All critical materials are in English.
Critical needs are next.
Critical needs receive priority scheduling and are seen the same day.
Critical networks transcend the classified and unclassified world in today s environment.
Some critical numbers reflect weaknesses and vulnerabilities.
Critical nutrients play important roles.
Critical nutrients play roles.
Most critical nutrients play important roles.
Most critical nutrients play roles.
Any critical objective is suspect unless rooted in context.
Critical one is to provide equivalent alternatives to auditory and visual output.
Critical opinion is intelligent and perceptive, if something sharp.
Critical opinion varies on such idiosyncratic work.
Critical Orifices are available down to the molecular regime.
Critical pairs occur after a set of priming pairs which prime for an error.
Critical panels pre-organized by participants are welcome.
Critical parameters are determined for each transformer and the appropriate sensors are installed.
Critical parameters govern choices.
Most critical parameters govern choices.
Critical path based optimizers look at only a small part of the circuit at a time.
Critical path using normal task completion times is marked.
Critical pathways are most effective guides when derived from research data.
Critical patients require the utilization of both of the paramedics that staff a ambulance.
Critical pedagogy is another radical humanist orientation.
Critical pedagogy is in opposition to the banking model of education.
Critical pedagogy is seen as a means of investing desire in a project of the possible.
Critical pedagogy overturns dominant conceptions of what learning is.
Critical pedagogy proposes an educational paradigm that differs from current practice.
Critical people are like that.
Critical periods are no threat to the general rule of plasticity. .
Critical periods are no threat to the general rule of plasticity.
Critical perspective takes into account cultural analysis.
Critical phenomena are highly unusual.
Critical phenomena are very difficult to predict.
Critical phenomena have degrees.
Most critical phenomena have degrees.
Critical philosophy is without absolute truths and the general notion of skepticism is flawed.
A critical point is a crisis
Critical points allow the use of standard search and planning techniques in continuous domains.
Critical points are corner and tangent points.
Critical points are especially the areas of reference, circulation and inter-library loan.
Critical points are points in which one maximum and one minimum meet together to disappear.
Critical points are the places to look for a maximum or minimum of the function.
Critical points can occur where the direction component of the field is nil.
Critical points define now a both in space and time discrete nonlinear wave equations.
Critical points occur where the first derivative of the global density is zero.
Some critical points ought to be raised.
Critical policies are on the threshold of being crafted.
Critical pollutants are PCBs, mercury, DDT, dioxin, chlordane, furan, and dieldrin.
Critical ports allow connections only by hosts in the access control list.
Critical pressure Is the saturation pressure at the critical temperature.
Critical problems are the only ones addressed.
Many critical processes can have most of the work done by the client rather than server side.
Critical professors say the notes often are inaccurate or incomplete.
Critical prose is necessarily timely and pragmatic.
Critical psychiatry is part academic, part practical.
Critical psychiatry suggests that psychiatric practice is often inadequate for a number of reasons.
Critical psychologists are as critical of their own work as they are of the work of others.
Critical psychology is a critique of the psychological discourse.
Critical question is whether the instrument is dispositive.
Critical questions are also welcome.
Critical questions are welcome at all times.
Critical questions ask about evaluating, judging, taste, period, history, politics, and ethics.
Critical questions continue to arise, especially around such issues as genome research.
Critical questions continue to arise, especially around the issue of genome research.
Critical questions continue to be raised.
Critical questions regarding India's nuclear capabilities remain unanswered.
Critical questions remain open.
Critical ratios are species specific.
Critical reaction is mixed.
Critical Reaction tracks reviews of the week's significant books.
Critical readers are active readers.
Critical readers ask questions about themselves, the writer, and the writing.
Critical readers look beyond the language to see if the reasons are clear.
Critical reading can be hard work.
Critical reading can facilitate effective writing.
Critical reading gets little more than a mention.
Critical reading goes two steps further.
Critical reading involves questioning the writer's point of view.
Critical reading involves teaching students to think while reading.
Critical reading involves using logical and rhetorical skills.
Critical Reading is a three-credit course that counts as elective credit toward graduation.
Critical reading is advised.
Critical reading is an encouragement for a healthy prayer life.
Critical reading is an essential skill in the industry.
Critical Reading is an important aspect of the text.
Critical reading is as important as creative writing in a workshop.
Critical reading is as important as creative writing in a writing workshop and in a writing career.
Critical reading is critical thinking applied to the process of reading.
Critical reading is the key to learning the detail-oriented material in long chapters.
Critical reading is the key.
Critical reading refers to a careful, active, reflective, analytic reading.
Critical reading requires the abilities to both summarize and evaluate a presentation.
Critical readings involve slow, careful, close attention to the text.
Critical realism attempts to avoid conflating the two.
Critical references provide an entry into the literature.
Critical reflection is the key element for relating the meaningof their service to course materials.
Critical reflection is the key here.
Critical reflection is the process that lies at the core of transformative learning.
Critical reflection leads to plans for transformative action.
Many critical reforms recommended by blue-ribbon panels are absent.
Critical rejoinders are welcome.
Critical remarks kill creativity.
Critical research is ongoing and student participation is encouraged.
A critical review is criticism
Critical review is a natural element of a productive academic career.
Critical review shows the evidence favoring a biologic theory to be lacking.
Critical reviews are academic journals.
Critical reviews are essential for credibility.
Critical reviews are more interesting.
Critical reviews consist of opinions and support for the opinions.
Critical reviews differ depending on the audience for which they are intended.
Critical reviews focus on theatre, film, music, fine arts and books.
Critical Reviews See detail comments above.
Critical reviews summarize, present errors of fact or concept, and provoke discussion.
Critical scepticism is where one keeps an open mind and tries to match the evidence to the belief.
Critical scholars remain unconvinced.
Many critical scholars are quick to reduce the significance of it.
Some critical scholars deny that mashiach is ever used in the Old Testament for a personal messiah.
All critical seals are of the highest quality butyl-neoprene material.
Critical section latch variable names are global to the program.
Critical sections work only on threads within the same process or application.
Critical service is provided as contracted.
Many critical services are at risk.
Critical shopping is a lot of it.
Critical shortages can cause sudden coma and even death.
Most critical shortage is for engineers, mates, and able seamen.
Critical sites are the most serious sources of nonpoint pollution in the watershed.
Critical skills are active listening and a positive attitude.
Critical skills represent knowledge or performance that is essential to the progress of the student.
Critical speed becomes lower as driveshaft length is reduced.
Critical spirits can go now.
Critical staff are to attempt communications with other posts on network.
Critical stages are generally all court appearances and custodial interrogations.
Some critical stages take places.
Critical steelwork is a specialty.
Critical stress is a common reaction, in normal persons, to unusual situations.
Some critical strikes increase chances.
All critical subsystems are redundant.
Critical success indices for freezing rain and sleet remain very low.
Critical success is also sure to follow.
Critical success occurs when the character's target number is achieved exactly.
Critical summaries are due on the date announced in class.
Critical suppliers are already compliant.
Critical support is one thing.
Critical systems are ready.
Critical systems have further on-call support hours.
All critical systems are redundant.
Many critical systems are global in the sense that they are administered centrally.
Most critical systems require temperature control to maintain reliable operations.
Critical tasks have no flexibility.
Critical temperatures are as high as room temperature.
Critical theorists assume that human beings are both determined and determining.
Critical theorists hold that no knowledge is neutral.
Many critical theorists call for acknowledged as a special part of everyday living.
Critical theories aim at emancipation and enlightenment.
Critical theories are like officials in a football game.
Critical theories offer no adequate substitute for Mosaic authenticity.
Critical theory attempts to develop thoroughgoing criticisms of western society and ideology.
Critical theory becomes so many bricks thrown through society's hall of mirrors.
Critical theory encourages a reflection on the meaning of work, life, etc.
Critical theory encourages asking the right questions.
Critical theory is always a critique of authority.
Critical theory is discussed next.
Critical theory is interested in reflection on modes of knowing in themselves.
Critical theory meets the world wide web - and more.
Critical theory relating to interactivity, virtuality, and on-line locality is surveyed.
Critical theory seeks to uncover the underlying power relations within cultural phenomena.
Critical theory solves the problem nicely, of course, by writing about itself.
Critical thickness is a concern however in insulating wires.
Critical thinkers are able to evaluate evidence.
Critical thinkers are aware of the values on which they base their judgments.
Critical thinkers are beyond all that.
Critical thinkers are humble about their knowledge.
Critical thinkers are initiators of community change because they are innovators.
Critical thinkers can analyze thought-take it apart and put it together again.
Critical thinkers can then pick information and arguments that meet their own criteria.
Critical thinkers distinguish their observations from their conclusions.
Critical thinkers examine available evidence before drawing conclusions.
Critical thinkers have a passion for truth and for accepting the strongest reasoning.
Critical thinkers identify inherent biases and assumptions.
Critical thinkers maintain an air of skepticism.
Critical thinkers rely on the power of classification during the analysis of complex information.
Critical thinkers separate facts from opinions.
Critical thinkers think deeply and broadly.
Critical thinkers try to be aware of their own biases, to be objective and logical.
Critical thinkers try to be to be objective and logical.
Critical thinkers use critical skills and insights to reveal and reject beliefs that are irrational.
Critical thinkers use logical inference processes.
Some critical thinkers view phenomena.
Critical thinking are human activities.
Critical thinking are thinking.
Critical thought can be a lethal weapon.
Critical thought is discouraged and punished.
Critical thought requires critical words, and their skillful use.
Critical time is any point in time when water deprivation has a serious impact on plant growth.
Critical times are ahead as the city is positioning itself for the future.
Critical times are when the wave cross from negative levels to positive and positive to negative.
Critical titer depends on the antigen-antibody system.
Critical values play an important role in calculating many other properties.
Critical Values See individual tests.
Some critical values use in hypothesis tests.
Some critical values use in tests.
Critical velocity is minimal velocity.
All critical work is done at the factory.
Critical writing is a key component of practically every course the English department offers.
Critical writing is analytical, offering a clear view of a mind at work.
Critical writing is critical thinking applied to the process of writing.
Critical writing is one of the most important managerial skills needed in the industry.
Criticality incidents occur frequently in installations involved in the production of fuel.
Criticality incidents occur frequently in nuclear fuel plants.
A criticality is a crossroads
Criticalities are urgency.
Criticality is a flash event, as compared to a whole kind of reaction that Chernobyl was.
Criticality is an uncontrolled nuclear chain reaction.
Criticality is now irreversible.
Criticality is the point at which a nuclear chain reaction becomes self-sustaining.
Criticality means a self-sustaining nuclear chain reaction, as occurs inside an atomic bomb.
Criticial commentary accompanies each poem.
Criticism of libertarianism includes ethical, economic, environmental, and pragmatic concerns.
Criticism of monarchy can provoke irrational and violent responses.
Criticism allows for the continual reevaulation of the canon.
Criticism almost comes naturally.
Criticism also comes from private entrepreneurs in the growing information industry.
Criticism also leads to discouragement and self-pity.
Criticism also tears down relationships.
Criticism asks what literature is, what it does, and what it is worth.
Criticism based on understanding is a wonderful way to improve things.
Criticism be prepared to accept all criticism.
Criticism becomes personal attacks when there are no boundaries.
Criticism begins by examining the norms and values .
Criticism breaks down the inner spirit, praise builds it up.
Criticism breaks down the inner spirit.
Criticism breaks down the inner spririt.
Criticism builds hostility and bad attitudes.
Criticism can be a good opportunity for reflection and change.
Criticism can be a good thing.
Criticism can be a matter of political or social taste.
Criticism can be a theme with Virgo, whether it is self inflicted or coming from another.
Criticism can be constructive.
Criticism can be in the form of a journal article, a book, a book review, or an electronic resource.
Criticism can be in the format of a monograph or book, journal article, or essay in a collection.
Criticism can be positive or negative.
Criticism can be positive, and lead to growth, if the spirit is constructive.
Criticism can be very destructive.
Criticism can but collect and arrange it, and unfold the materials in their historical sequence.
Criticism can distract and discourage, causing leaders to become unfocused and ineffective.
Criticism can inhibit positive performance.
Criticism can lead to growth when expressed in a constructive way.
Criticism can occur in many places.
Criticism can strain the relationship, leaving the analyst out of the information loop.
Criticism can t work because of the world of hurt feelings that it stirs up in both participants.
Criticism can talk, and all the arts are dumb.
Criticism causes compliance and resentment on the part of employees.
Criticism ceases to be the writing of final statements, because interpretation is never final.
Criticism comes easier than craftsmanship.
Criticism comes from a number of quarters.
Criticism comes from abroad, as well.
Criticism comes with the territory.
Criticism concentrates on that point.
Criticism continues over lack of co-ordination in the relief operation.
Criticism crosses newspapers from time to time.
Criticism cultivates such surprising experience.
Criticism does no one any good the criticized or the criticizer.
Criticism entails frustration.
Criticism equals loyalty People who care want the best.
Criticism flies fast and spares no one.
Criticism focuses on the past, has a personal focus, has a negative tone, and is problem oriented.
Criticism follows criticism.
Criticism goes here .
Criticism has different meanings, depending on the setting.
Criticism has no weight.
Criticism has richer possibilities.
Criticism has the same impact on people that salt does on plants.
Criticism has to be intelligent and based on facts.
Criticism helps to mold character, and prepare individuals for greater challenges.
Criticism here denotes passing of unfavourable judgments, censure or disapproval.
Criticism hurts children in profound psychological ways.
Criticism implies clear thinking for a nobler purpose than mere gainsay or exhibitionism.
Criticism increasingly comes also from parts of industry and scientists.
Criticism induces model modification.
Criticism introduces an element of risk for a group member in putting forward an idea.
Criticism is a congregational constant.
Criticism is a dialogue, after all.
Criticism is a fact of life.
Criticism is a good thing.
Criticism is a healthy thing for a democracy.
Criticism is a healthy thing.
Criticism is a matter of correct distancing.
Criticism is a moral question.
Criticism is a national pastime.
Criticism is a part of the process, but can get out of hand.
Criticism is a possibility for the broad topic of critiquing literature.
Criticism is a queer thing.
Criticism is a sophisticated word for cruelty.
Criticism is a study by which men grow important and formidable at very small expence.
Criticism is a study by which men grow important and formidable at very small expense.
Criticism is a tool, tactic, and vehicle for conveying content and generating better work.
Criticism is a very explosive behavior that often has far-reaching and disastrous consequences.
Criticism is a way to verbalize resentment.
Criticism is about keeping other opinions at bay.
Criticism is acid to the souls of others.
Criticism is also available.
Criticism is always harsher when written, and e-mail can be easily forwarded.
Criticism is always harsher when written.
Criticism is always presumptuous and ungracious.
Criticism is always welcome.
Criticism is an art rather than a positive or speculative science.
Criticism is an indispensable element of culture.
Criticism is an opportunity.
Criticism is another matter.
Criticism is applause in the form of static.
Criticism is as likely to result in argument as reflection.
Criticism is beneficial.
Criticism is best which sounds like an explanation.
Criticism is both valid and invaluable.
Criticism is bound to increase as universities increase their use of casuals.
Criticism is censorship.
Criticism is ceremonial revivification.
Criticism is certain to make more enemies.
Criticism is constructive comments are meant to help speaker improve.
Criticism is constructive.
Criticism is corrosive.
Criticism is criticism, even if it s constructive.
Criticism is criticism.
Criticism is different from factual errors.
Criticism is difficult to endure.
Criticism is disapproval
Criticism is disapproval.
Criticism is discouraged.
Criticism is divergence, immediately.
Criticism is easier than craftsmanship.
Criticism is easy, art is difficult.
Criticism is easy, though, and it's the path too often taken by journalists and market pundits.
Criticism is easy.
Criticism is equated to insult and people get prison terms.
Criticism is essential to art.
Criticism is evaluative and feedback is descriptive.
Criticism is expensive.
Criticism is far more effective, however, if it is given graciously and lovingly.
Criticism is far more natural to our lips and to the lips of the world than praise.
Criticism is for the writer, reviews are for the readers.
Criticism is forever earthbound, mired in the banal necessity of making the nonverbal verbal.
Criticism is generally easy to read and is written for a varied audience.
Criticism is good for democracy.
Criticism is good, discrimination is good, lots to choose from is really, really good.
Criticism is handled constructively in order to promote learning and growth.
Criticism is healthy given in a positive and constructive aspect.
Criticism is healthy.
Criticism is important - but, criticism alone benefits no one.
Criticism is in the air and nothing escapes from it.
Criticism is included.
Criticism is incredibly damaging to our children to our children.
Criticism is inescapable.
Criticism is interesting and very much in the intellectual vogue at present.
Criticism is invariably constructive and the atmosphere is friendly.
Criticism is irrelevant.
Criticism is like a needle.
Criticism is like putting acid on a plant.
Criticism is like the polar opposite of theory.
Criticism is limited to western European languages, including English.
Criticism is listed under the author s name with the subheading about.
Criticism is muted.
Criticism is necessarily all opinion.
Criticism is never constructive.
Criticism is never something that is appreciated especially when it comes uninvited.
Criticism is nothing compared to the countless number of men who took the hit in Vietnam.
Criticism is offered cautiously and directly.
Criticism is oftentimes a way to give the other person an opportunity to express their viewpoint.
Criticism is one of the greatest threats to a loving relationship.
Criticism is one of the most disheartening elements of life.
Criticism is one thing most people think is more blessed to give than to receive.
Criticism is part of life.
Criticism is part of that involvement.
Criticism is piece-specific.
Criticism is poison to good human relations.
Criticism is poison when it is combined with teaching.
Criticism is prejudice made plausible.
Criticism is published in books and periodicals.
Criticism is punished only in partycracy and in dictatorships.
Criticism is rampant regarding Japanese inability to lead the region during a time of crisis.
Criticism is regarded as our opportunity to improve our processes.
Criticism is ruled out.
Criticism is seen as being extremely unwelcome.
Criticism is simply poor sportsmanship and leads to unnecessary bad feelings on and off the field.
Criticism is so easy.
Criticism is sought - and freely rejected, without penalty.
Criticism is stupid, and reflects more on the critic than the player.
Criticism is subjective.
Criticism is the analysis of something that highlights the good and the bad in it.
Criticism is the highest form of praise.
Criticism is the oxygen of a scholarly movement.
Criticism is the quickest way to both diminish a person's self image and poison a relationship.
Criticism is the rationalization of intuitive musical experience.
Criticism is the revenge of the intellect upon art.
Criticism is the ultimate manifestation of pride.
Criticism is unavoidable and which is a good sign also.
Criticism is unjustified.
Criticism is used to release frustration rather than to edify.
Criticism is useless if it gives no indication of how to improve.
Criticism is usually an opinion and is only as trustworthy' as the person giving it.
Criticism is valuable and necessary, but it can only do so much.
Criticism is very important to a leader, like a wheel and a brake are to a car.
Criticism is vital to the health and development of an art.
Criticism is welcome as well.
Criticism is welcome if constructive and civil.
Criticism is welcome, too.
Criticism is welcome.
Criticism is welcomed.
Criticism is withheld.
Criticism is worse than useless.
Criticism is writing.
Criticism is yet another essay.
Criticism is, then, the art of reflection upon reflection.
Criticism isa message.
Criticism Look at the data again in more detail.
Criticism looks at the play in a larger context.
Criticism makes children self-critical and cripples their confidence.
Criticism makes no excuse for relativism.
Criticism needs to be backed up by evidence.
Criticism never bothers.
Criticism never changes a thing.
Criticism Never criticize an employee in front of other employees.
Criticism Offers critical interpretations and biographical information on major authors.
Criticism only creates tension.
Criticism ought to be welcomed if it stimulates reform.
Criticism pertains to growth in perception.
Criticism plays an essential role in the overall arts ecology.
Criticism presupposes charity.
Criticism proves a priori that everything had to happen in such a way and no other.
Criticism Provides full-text essays on a wide range of topics in literary criticism.
Criticism quickly mounts when purchasers open the box and find only a manual inside.
Criticism recommends to use short sentences.
Criticism refers to determining how well a given theory seems to fit reality.
Criticism seems to go both ways.
Criticism slides off.
Criticism stifles creativity and discourages participation.
Criticism tears it down.
Criticism tends to be a personal thing at the best of times.
Criticism tends to be long and detailed.
Criticism tends to fall into two main categories.
Criticism tends to shut some people up.
Criticism thus plays a large part in literary history.
Criticism tries to solve the mystery, by translating fiction into another language.
Criticism triggers defensive reactions.
Criticisms are also in order.
Criticisms are equally welcome.
Criticisms are few, but they matter a great deal to the gameplay.
Criticisms are few.
Criticisms are in red.
Criticisms are most welcome.
Criticisms are nothing new for the New York City-based radio disc jockey.
Criticisms are very welcome.
Criticisms are welcome.
Criticisms emerge of a number of conventional wisdoms.
Criticisms welcome , as long as they're constructive.
Criticism always has a logic.
Criticism always welcome.
Criticism often feels like a stab in the heart, or back.
Criticism often involves analysis.
Criticism usually makes a band better, especially a band that is just starting out.
ALL criticism is constructive.
All criticism is forbidden to allow for free exploration of any and all ideas.
All criticism is supposed to be constructive.
All criticisms are welcome.
Any criticism is appreciated.
Any criticism is branded homophobic or alarmist .
Any criticism is constructive.
Any criticism is limited to sophomoric frat-boy chicanery.
Any criticism is met by ad hoc excuses made up on the spur of the moment.
Every criticism is a praise.
Every criticism is a Praise.
Every criticism is expectable.
Many criticisms can actually build faith if they are correctly understood.
Most criticism continues to be either religious or formalist.
Most criticism is that there's only one section.
Most criticism is written by people who've never published anything.
Some criticism applies to tests.
Some criticism can be constructive and helpful.
Some criticism comes from neo-Southern Confederates.
Some criticism is frivolous.
Some criticism is largely rooted in intellectual snobbery, some criticisms are rationalizations.
Some criticism is personal.
Some criticism is serious.
Some criticism persists without taking into account the responsive changes made.
Some criticisms are well grounded and constructive.
Some criticisms misfire.
Critique groups allow writers to rub adjectives with fellow enthusiasts of the written word.
Critique groups can be a mixed blessing.
Critique groups serve a couple of purposes.
Critique groups work through e-mail.
All critique packages require a deposit.
All critique packages require an up-front deposit.
Critique partners are great for personal deadlines.
Critique reports are a powerful and cost-effective tool in all forums of dispute resolution.
Critique services are also available.
A critique is criticism
Critique goes hand in hand with laughter.
Critique takes place at end of each session.
Critiques also suggest further content improvements and rate the essay s overall effectiveness.
Critiques are a very important part of a studio course.
Critiques are a way to encourage discussion.
Critiques are about the business side of writing.
Critiques are an essential part of the course.
Critiques are constructive and pertinent and reveal clear understanding of the observed performance.
Critiques are due at the beginning of the period on the day specified on the class calendar.
Critiques are due during at the beginning of the next class meeting.
Critiques are due on the day identified on the syllabus.
Critiques are due within a week.
Critiques are great because they can be really helpful.
Critiques are important exercises for a couple of reasons.
Critiques are like the rich tapestries and rare gems of the above story.
Critiques are merely opinions.
Critiques are thorough, honest, and constructive.
Critiques are to be held after each glaze kiln firing.
Critiques are to be written following exactly the subheadings below.
Critiques are to include reactive content from both a personal as well as social work perspective.
Critiques are valuable arguments for several reasons.
Critiques are valuable for all newsroom employees.
Critiques are welcome.
Critiques can identify sexism, racism, homophobia, classism, statism, etc., in arguments.
Critiques explain successes and delineate problems needing further work.
Critiques guide students to professional quality results.
Critiques have some impact.
Critiques help students identify focus and aptitude for design work.
Critiques integrate many arguments into one position.
Critiques offer an important forum for participation and exchanging views.
Critiques provide a short summary and analysis of the technical content of a paper.
Critiques provide an autopsy.
Critiques provide important dynamic art learning.
Critiques Read reviews of comedy CDs and stuff.
Critiques remain fundamental as a guide to student growth.
Critiques require emotional sacrifice on both ends of the spectrum.
Critiques shift the debate to negative ground.
Critiques take place during and at the end of each class.
Critiques frequently avoid uniqueness problems.
Critiques frequently have a priori implications.
Critiques usually take up the entire class period.
All critiques are free to members.
All critiques are to be typed and double spaced.
All critiques are to be typed, proofed, and spell-checked .
All critiques are welcome.
Most critique is very thorough and professional.
Most critiques are well-meaning.
A critter is an animal
Critter is a text search program that is designed to be easy to use.
Critter is suspicious but agrees to be interviewed.
Critter is to coach a young woman who is stopped by a difficult section of rock.
Critter isa animal.
Critter isa beast.
Critter isa creature.
Critters also make a great first pet for children wanting an animal companion to call their own.
Critters are animals.
Critters are bands.
Critters are critters.
Critters are generated at random, so it stays fairly even throughout the game.
Critters are more at one with god and most are probably blessedly unaware of any other option.
Critters are our handmade teddy bears in three sizes.
Critters can enter the home through cracks or crevices in the walls, so seal off any openings.
Critters can move.
Critters come from sea.
Critters come in all shapes and many sizes.
Critters commute between environments via tunnels and bridges.
Critters eat energy.
Critters eat plants.
Critters forage at nights.
Critters has-part legs.
Critters have (part) brains.
Critters have (part) cell membranes.
Critters have (part) cells.
Critters have (part) corpi.
Critters have (part) cytoplasm.
Critters have (part) ears.
Critters have (part) faces.
Critters have (part) heads.
Critters have (part) nuclei.
Critters have (part) plasma membranes.
Critters have (part) sections.
Critters have (part) skulls.
Critters have (part) vacuoles.
Critters have feet.
Critters have legs.
Critters have no depth perception.
Critters have their correct sounds now.
Critters inhabit environments.
Critters is a very well run workshop that deals mainly in scifi, fantasy, and some horror.
Critters is a wonderfully supportive environment in which to learn the craft of writing.
Critters lift heads.
Critters live in communal dens.
Critters live in dens.
Critters live in forests.
Critters make faces.
Critters need habitats.
Critters occupy human intestinal tracts.
Critters occupy intestinal tracts.
Critters occupy tracts.
Critters pop out to peep, quack and croak.
Critters require care.
Critters requires a certain amount of trust on everyone's part.
Critters time their reproductive cycle to maximize the chances of their babies' survival.
Critters visiting the yard eat the leaves and flower heads before they are fully grown.
Every critter has to have ears and they come next.
Many critters crave the calcium, a rare mineral here.
Many critters hatch out of eggs without any help from their mamas and survive just fine.
Most critters are healthy enough to return to the shelter in a few weeks.
Most critters come from sea.
Most critters donna know how to use their fists effectively.
Most critters eat plants.
Most critters has-part legs.
Most critters have feet.
Most critters have legs.
Most critters inhabit environments.
Most critters lift heads.
Most critters live in communal dens.
Most critters live in dens.
Most critters live in forests.
Most critters make faces.
Most critters occupy human intestinal tracts.
Most critters occupy intestinal tracts.
Most critters occupy tracts.
Most critters require care.
Some critters are in foster care because they're seriously ill or injured.
Some critters are well known, some critters are completely unknown.
Some critters do damage.
Some critters eat ants.
Some critters eat berries.
Some critters eat cicadas.
Some critters eat fish.
Some critters eat grubs.
Some critters eat phloem.
Some critters fall into buckets.
Some critters feed owls.
Some critters have resistance.
Some critters have shells.
Some critters invade vegetables.
Some critters live in plants.
Some critters live in wetland.
Some critters live on beaches.
Some critters make snacks.
Some critters pick up scent.
Some critters play in baskets.
Some critters share approaches.
Some critters share same approaches.
Some critters share simple approaches.
Some critters use sand.
Some critters visit ranches.
A croak is an utterance
Croak isa auditory communication.
Croaks come out of crocus in a single voice.
Croaks have (part) speech sound.
A croaker is a bony fish
Croaker is a favorite big trout bait along the coast.
Croaker is the species found in the largest numbers in the nekton screens.
Croaker remain abundant on both the bayside and seaside.
Croaker remain reasonably abundant but are much smaller in size.
Croaker remain surprisingly scarce in the sound.
Croaker still linger in the river but their numbers are down from last month.
Croaker still remain in fair supply but bottom fishermen are seeing a smaller class of fish.
Croakers are luminescent and appear pink when first removed from the water.
Croakers are mixed with the whiting in some areas, usually in the wash near shore.
Croakers are part of croakers.
Croakers are saltwater fish.
Croakers still cruise the flats and can be taken on gotchas, greg's flats flies, and small clousers.
Some croaker still linger in area waters.
Croatia is part of Europe.
Croatia isa thing.
Croatian astronomy is a happy exception.
Croatian banks owe the largest amount of money to Japan.
Croatian businesses are also abundant.
Croatian businessmen are now present in Montenegro, and vice-versa.
Croatian citizens enter the second year of the new administration with considerably less optimism.
Croatian fans can be very tough if they are provoked or challenged.
Croatian flags hang from the telephone wires across intersections.
Many Croatian immigrants join others belonging to the same religious and ethnic community.
Croatian industry has a long way to go, too, before it is competitive.
Croatian law prohibits the extradition of a citizen who has already been tried in Croatia.
Croatian legislation is harmonized with said provisions.
Many Croatian models have great careers in the world of fashion .
Croatian products are significantly more expensive than other European ones.
Croatian society is very well integrated.
Croatian sources claim that U.S. satellite intelligence was furnished to the Croatian military.
Most crochet patterns indicate if they are easy or for more advanced crocheters.
Crochet thread is polished cotton from Greece - very shiny and silky.
Crochet is needlecraft
All crochet begins with a slip knot and foundation chain.
Crocheted flowers form the border.
Crocheted version is a simple saque.
Crock pots are also low energy users.
A crock is nonsense
Crocks are also available.
Crocks are jars.
Crocks are nonsense.
Crocks are still quite easy to find at most antique shops and flea markets.
Many crocks have a tightly woven, almost completely unmodifiable structure.
Crockery has (part) sections.
Crockery isa tableware.
Crockpot cooking is ideal in both hot and cold weather.
Crocodile attacks are the second biggest animal danger to people in Africa, next to the hippo.
Crocodile farming is a form of intensive animal husbandry.
Crocodile fat is important in Asian medicines for treatment of asthma.
Crocodile Rock is a spectacular bayou-themed restaurant, bar, and patio.
Crocodile skin makes a valuable leather that people use to make belts, shoes and bags.
Crocodile skin womens elite purses are hand made.
Crocodile skin womens elite wallets are hand made.
Crocodile skinks require a higher humidity level than most other lizards.
Crocodile tears cost nothing.
A crocodile is a crocodilian
Crocodile are a certainty, hippo almost as certain.
Crocodile are a certainty, hippo less frequent.
Crocodile decides to eat Ostrich who puts up a fight.
Crocodile has a dual role in Drosophila morphogenesis.
Crocodile is also puppet.
Crocodile is longer Prove that the crocodile is longer than it is wide.
Crocodile is made out of parts of rock face hoof ribs.
Crocodile is one of the new tastes vying for international palates.
Crocodile isa crocodilian.
Crocodile slays the invading Pirates.
Crocodile takes the high road.
Crocodile watching is a highlight of the tour.
Crocodile zip up jacket.
Crocodiles adapt to food.
Crocodiles also consume more food in the summer than they do in the winter.
Crocodiles also have teeth that stick up over their upper lip when their mouths are closed.
Crocodiles also have two teeth that are visible when the mouth is closed.
Crocodiles also laze in the muddy flow.
Crocodiles also watch and learn.
Crocodiles ambush large prey.
Crocodiles apparently do, literally.
Crocodiles appear in water.
Crocodiles approach maturity.
Crocodiles are a bit faster with a top sprint of over fifteen miles per hour.
Crocodiles are a danger and water can be elusive inland.
Crocodiles are a living link to the dinosaur age, and their survival has come so far.
Crocodiles are a lot fewer in number than their cousin the alligator.
Crocodiles are a primal eating and mating reptile.
Crocodiles are a protected species.
Crocodiles are a symbol of bravery and transformation and are associated with the afterlife.
Crocodiles are ambush predators.
Crocodiles are among the most frightening creatures in the rainforest.
Crocodiles are an important part of the norths wetland ecosystems.
Crocodiles are ancient creatures and are taken for granted as are other animals.
Crocodiles are brownish-green, have a long, narrow skull, and pointed snout, and a streamlined body.
Crocodiles are carnivores, which mean they eat only meat.
Crocodiles are cold-blooded and live in warm climates.
Crocodiles are cold-blooded and rely on the temperature of the sun and water to warm up.
Crocodiles are cold-blooded.
Crocodiles are crocodilians.
Crocodiles are deft and agile swimmers when motivated.
Crocodiles are dinosaurs.
Crocodiles are evolved from ancestors.
Crocodiles are excellent hunters in the water.
Crocodiles are excellent mothers.
Crocodiles are Extant.
Crocodiles are farmed for their meat same as cattle and chickens.
Crocodiles are farmed very successfully in tropical Australia.
Crocodiles are fascinating animals and a good choice to enhance the image of a company.
Crocodiles are formidable predators, their strength and viciousness are astounding.
Crocodiles are found around the Americas, Africa, Asia and Australia in the warmest wetland regions.
Crocodiles are generally idle hunters that lie in wait for their pray.
Crocodiles are generally olive-grey with dark bands across their back and tail.
Crocodiles are good mothers.
Crocodiles are great hunters due to their lightening-fast reflexes.
Crocodiles are gregarious animals.
Crocodiles are inside ponds.
Crocodiles are inside rivers.
Crocodiles are known as crocodiles.
Crocodiles are large and skilful predators that hunt by stealth.
Crocodiles are large reptiles found in tropical regions of Africa, Asia, the Americas and Australia.
Crocodiles are less active.
Crocodiles are lighter in color, bigger, and have a long narrow snout.
Crocodiles are member of families.
Crocodiles are more closely related to birds than they are to lizards.
Crocodiles are naturally wary of people.
Crocodiles are numerous, as are various species of fishes and birds.
Crocodiles are olive green in color in contrast to the black color of the alligator.
Crocodiles are only distantly related to the dinosaurs.
Crocodiles are opportunistic feeders that feed on a variety of animals.
Crocodiles are placed as one of the most complex reptiles biologically.
Crocodiles are potentially dangerous to lowland gorillas.
Crocodiles are powerful clan totems.
Crocodiles are present in some of the larger waterholes and the northern river systems.
Crocodiles are really the only group of reptiles that consistently have very well developed teeth.
Crocodiles are reptiles.
Crocodiles are reptiles.
Crocodiles are sabotage hunters and they consume diverse animals.
Crocodiles are semi-aquatic reptiles and spend a lot of the time swimming.
Crocodiles are social creatures.
Crocodiles are stereotyped as ferocious man-eaters, and associated with greed and deceit.
Crocodiles are the closest living relative to the dinosaurs, and can out-run a man on land.
Crocodiles are the inhabitants of Asia, Africa, America, and Australia.
Crocodiles are the largest and the heaviest of present-day reptiles.
Crocodiles are the largest when it comes to overall size.
Crocodiles are thus ammono-uricotelic.
Crocodiles are unable to stick out their tongues.
Crocodiles are unable to sweat.
Crocodiles are usually the only group that can gallop.
Crocodiles are very shy.
Crocodiles are very swift animals in short bursts in and out of water.
Crocodiles are well known for their strong and elastic spines.
Crocodiles attack animals.
Crocodiles attack prey.
Crocodiles attack solitary animals.
Crocodiles attack vessels.
Crocodiles attain adult size.
Crocodiles attain large adult size.
Crocodiles attain large size.
Crocodiles attain size.
Crocodiles avoid people.
Crocodiles bask in the mud at water holes, and lizards scurry to get their fill of insects.
Crocodiles become freshwater predators.
Crocodiles become predators.
Crocodiles bring down prey.
Crocodiles bury eggs.
Crocodiles can also live in fresh water .
Crocodiles can also live in fresh water.
Crocodiles can be dangerous.
Crocodiles can be grey or greenish brown , with heavily mottled flanks.
Crocodiles can breath underwater.
Crocodiles can generate different sounds in times of aggression and distress.
Crocodiles can injure by lacerations and punctures by teeth, brute force tearing of tissues.
Crocodiles can last months without feeding as long as their body temperature remains low.
Crocodiles can lie very still for up to one hour .
Crocodiles can lie very still for up to one hour.
Crocodiles can live a long time in the wild and sometimes live in the same place for decades.
Crocodiles can live in saltwater due to the glands found in their mouths.
Crocodiles can only survive in areas with a constant, warm temperature.
Crocodiles can remain submerged for as long as an hour.
Crocodiles can submerge and remain underwater for a variety of reasons.
Crocodiles catch fish.
Crocodiles catch food.
Crocodiles catch predators.
Crocodiles catch prey.
Crocodiles close jaws.
Crocodiles come from eggs.
Crocodiles come from lagoons.
Crocodiles come from water.
Crocodiles come from wetland.
Crocodiles come out of water.
Crocodiles consume animals.
Crocodiles cool themselves by holding their mouths open, just like panting dogs do.
Crocodiles depend upon wetland habitats.
Crocodiles do apparently have lachrymal glands.
Crocodiles eat a variety of crabs, fish, waterfowl, and small mammals.
Crocodiles eat animals.
Crocodiles eat chickens, rats and other birds.
Crocodiles eat fish.
Crocodiles eat food.
Crocodiles eat large prey including fish, birds and mammals.
Crocodiles eat mammals.
Crocodiles eat mostly fish, but have been known to catch and eat anything that wanders near enough.
Crocodiles eat prey.
Crocodiles eat rocks which stay inside the stomach and help to grind up their food.
Crocodiles eat small mammals.
Crocodiles emerge from swamp.
Crocodiles employ the favorite reptilian trick of hissing loudly and opening the jaws.
Crocodiles enter water.
Crocodiles exhibit eyes.
Crocodiles feast on animals.
Crocodiles feed on fish.
Crocodiles feed on large animals they catch on land or in water.
Crocodiles feed on live prey.
Crocodiles feed on prey.
Crocodiles feed on sea fish.
Crocodiles feed on small fish.
Crocodiles feed upon prey.
Crocodiles float in habitats.
Crocodiles float in rivers.
Crocodiles float in water.
Crocodiles go into the water to keep their bodies at an even temperature.
Crocodiles go to water.
Crocodiles grab their prey and roll over in the water to drown the animal.
Crocodiles has a narrower snout than alligators.
Crocodiles has-part arteries.
Crocodiles has-part bones.
Crocodiles has-part flesh.
Crocodiles has-part glands.
Crocodiles has-part jaws.
Crocodiles has-part legs.
Crocodiles has-part limbs.
Crocodiles has-part organs.
Crocodiles has-part skin.
Crocodiles has-part tails.
Crocodiles has-part teeth.
Crocodiles have (part) brains.
Crocodiles have (part) breasts.
Crocodiles have (part) cell membranes.
Crocodiles have (part) cells.
Crocodiles have (part) chest cavities.
Crocodiles have (part) chests.
Crocodiles have (part) corpi.
Crocodiles have (part) cytoplasm.
Crocodiles have (part) ears.
Crocodiles have (part) faces.
Crocodiles have (part) heads.
Crocodiles have (part) nuclei.
Crocodiles have (part) pedal extremities.
Crocodiles have (part) plasma membranes.
Crocodiles have (part) rib cages.
Crocodiles have (part) sections.
Crocodiles have (part) skulls.
Crocodiles have (part) sterna.
Crocodiles have (part) vacuoles.
Crocodiles have (part) vertebrate feet.
Crocodiles have a difficult time with bite sized divers.
Crocodiles have a flattened head, with eyes slightly raised on top of the head.
Crocodiles have a gland that removes much of the salt .
Crocodiles have a gland that removes much of the salt.
Crocodiles have a narrow snout.
Crocodiles have a reflex that causes their eyes to tear when they open their mouths.
Crocodiles have a very good sense of smell with large olfactory lobes in the brain.
Crocodiles have an interesting life style.
Crocodiles have claws.
Crocodiles have curve teeth.
Crocodiles have egg teeth.
Crocodiles have eyelids.
Crocodiles have eyes.
Crocodiles have feet.
Crocodiles have growing spurts during the hot wet months.
Crocodiles have hearts.
Crocodiles have heavy jaws.
Crocodiles have jaws.
Crocodiles have large, broad bodies with short legs and long, muscular tails.
Crocodiles have legs.
Crocodiles have little stubby legs and because they are reptiles, they have limited endurance.
Crocodiles have long curve teeth.
Crocodiles have narrow, pointed snouts and do have exposed fourth teeth on their lower jaws.
Crocodiles have no salivary glands and usually eat under water.
Crocodiles have no such thing as old age .
Crocodiles have noses.
Crocodiles have one of the most powerful immune systems of any animal.
Crocodiles have perhaps one of the most advanced hearts on the planet.
Crocodiles have powerful claws.
Crocodiles have powerful jaws with many conical teeth and short legs with clawed, webbed toes.
Crocodiles have prey.
Crocodiles have quick reflexes.
Crocodiles have reflexes.
Crocodiles have relatively larger brains and show a fairly complex social structure.
Crocodiles have shape noses.
Crocodiles have shape snouts.
Crocodiles have short legs.
Crocodiles have skin.
Crocodiles have snouts.
Crocodiles have strong legs and feet for moving about on land.
Crocodiles have strong legs.
Crocodiles have teeth.
Crocodiles have their own language and like to interact with each other.
Crocodiles have third eyelids.
Crocodiles have two large teeth towards the front of their lower jaw which overlaps their top jaw.
Crocodiles hear well and their senses of smell and ehesight are also well developed.
Crocodiles hold breaths.
Crocodiles hunt prey.
Crocodiles inhabit habitats.
Crocodiles inhabit salt or brackish water, and alligators prefer freshwater.
Crocodiles inhabit saltwater habitats.
Crocodiles inhabit states.
Crocodiles inhabit water.
Crocodiles is very lazy animals and likes to live on the fat they got in their fat storage.
Crocodiles kill hundreds of people each year in Africa.
Crocodiles kill prey.
Crocodiles lack sweat glands and they discharge heat by way of their mouths.
Crocodiles lay eggs in a nest and carry the youngsters to water as they hatch.
Crocodiles lay eggs.
Crocodiles laze in the salt water.
Crocodiles Learn how long crocodiles have been around and how they have survived so long.
Crocodiles like to play with boat anchors.
Crocodiles live along the south coast of the state.
Crocodiles live in climates.
Crocodiles live in environments.
Crocodiles live in estuaries.
Crocodiles live in rivers , lakes and dams in parts of America , Asia , Africa and Australia .
Crocodiles live in rivers, lakes and dams in parts of America, Asia, Africa and Australia.
Crocodiles live in rivers.
Crocodiles live in salt water while alligators live in fresh water.
Crocodiles live in swamp.
Crocodiles live in swamps or on river banks and catch their prey in the water.
Crocodiles live in temperate climates.
Crocodiles live in tropical climates for a reason.
Crocodiles live in water.
Crocodiles live in waterways.
Crocodiles live long lives, but they look it.
Crocodiles live on planets.
Crocodiles live primarily in salt-water habitats.
Crocodiles live throughout the Congo River.
Crocodiles look for meals.
Crocodiles lose their teeth chomping on prey, but new sets always grow in.
Crocodiles lurk underneath.
Crocodiles make eggs.
Crocodiles mate during years.
Crocodiles move inland during winter.
Crocodiles now occur in areas where they never occurred before.
Crocodiles offer nests of eggs.
Crocodiles open mouths.
Crocodiles play in ponds.
Crocodiles pose threats.
Crocodiles posses a unique heart which has an extra aorta artery.
Crocodiles possess ancestors.
Crocodiles possess awareness.
Crocodiles possess keen awareness.
Crocodiles possess one of the most powerful of all digestive systems.
Crocodiles prefer food.
Crocodiles prefer habitats.
Crocodiles prefer meals.
Crocodiles prefer saltwater habitats.
Crocodiles prefer swamp.
Crocodiles prey on creatures as large as wildebeest.
Crocodiles prey on large mammals.
Crocodiles prey on mammals, snails and fish.
Crocodiles prey on mammals.
Crocodiles recognize a pattern when animals come to the river to drink at the same time each day.
Crocodiles rely on habitats.
Crocodiles rely on mangrove habitats.
Crocodiles rely on their environment to heat their bodies.
Crocodiles reproduce by copulation.
Crocodiles reproduce during seasons.
Crocodiles reproduce during wet seasons.
Crocodiles require habitats.
Crocodiles require perfect shot placement for immediate kills.
Crocodiles require water.
Crocodiles return to rivers.
Crocodiles roam earth.
Crocodiles seek meals.
Crocodiles seek out unsuspecting prey.
Crocodiles seek prey.
Crocodiles seize food.
Crocodiles seize prey.
Crocodiles serve as predators.
Crocodiles shake heads.
Crocodiles share an ancestor with dinosaurs.
Crocodiles share water.
Crocodiles sit in sand.
Crocodiles spend their lives in or close to water.
Crocodiles stand in rivers.
Crocodiles still swim the Congo, as do hippopotamuses, manatees and hundreds of species of fish.
Crocodiles swallow food.
Crocodiles swallow large stones that stay permanently in their bellies.
Crocodiles swim in rivers.
Crocodiles swim in water.
Crocodiles swim mostly with their tails.
Crocodiles swim using their enormous, oar-like tail.
Crocodiles swim water.
Crocodiles take several partners each breeding season.
Crocodiles thrive in environments.
Crocodiles thrive in healthy environments.
Crocodiles use all of their different body parts to aid in their survival.
Crocodiles use lungs to breath.
Crocodiles use physical displays, chemical and vocal signals to communicate.
Crocodiles use tails.
Crocodiles use their powerful tail as a whip , that can hurt or even kill other animals.
Crocodiles vary in size.
Crocodiles visit environments.
Crocodiles wait for prey.
Crocodiles watch water.
Crocodiles often snap at things that splash near their heads.
All crocodiles are more or less aquatic.
All crocodiles have their own food they prefer.
Most crocodiles adapt to food.
Most crocodiles appear in water.
Most crocodiles approach maturity.
Most crocodiles are evolved from ancestors.
Most crocodiles are generally light tan while juveniles with black cross-banding on body and tail.
Most crocodiles are inside ponds.
Most crocodiles are inside rivers.
Most crocodiles are known as crocodiles.
Most crocodiles are member of families.
Most crocodiles are more aggressive than the related alligators .
Most crocodiles attack solitary animals.
Most crocodiles attain adult size.
Most crocodiles attain large adult size.
Most crocodiles attain large size.
Most crocodiles attain size.
Most crocodiles avoid people.
Most crocodiles become freshwater predators.
Most crocodiles become predators.
Most crocodiles bring down prey.
Most crocodiles catch food.
Most crocodiles come from eggs.
Most crocodiles come from lagoons.
Most crocodiles come from water.
Most crocodiles come from wetland.
Most crocodiles come out of water.
Most crocodiles eat animals.
Most crocodiles eat fish.
Most crocodiles eat food.
Most crocodiles eat mammals.
Most crocodiles eat prey.
Most crocodiles eat small mammals.
Most crocodiles emerge from swamp.
Most crocodiles enter water.
Most crocodiles exhibit eyes.
Most crocodiles feast on animals.
Most crocodiles feed on fish.
Most crocodiles feed on live prey.
Most crocodiles feed on prey.
Most crocodiles feed on sea fish.
Most crocodiles feed on small fish.
Most crocodiles feed upon prey.
Most crocodiles float in habitats.
Most crocodiles float in rivers.
Most crocodiles float in water.
Most crocodiles go to water.
Most crocodiles has-part arteries.
Most crocodiles has-part bones.
Most crocodiles has-part flesh.
Most crocodiles has-part glands.
Most crocodiles has-part jaws.
Most crocodiles has-part legs.
Most crocodiles has-part limbs.
Most crocodiles has-part organs.
Most crocodiles has-part skin.
Most crocodiles has-part tails.
Most crocodiles has-part teeth.
Most crocodiles have claws.
Most crocodiles have egg teeth.
Most crocodiles have eyelids.
Most crocodiles have eyes.
Most crocodiles have feet.
Most crocodiles have hearts.
Most crocodiles have heavy jaws.
Most crocodiles have jaws.
Most crocodiles have legs.
Most crocodiles have noses.
Most crocodiles have powerful claws.
Most crocodiles have prey.
Most crocodiles have quick reflexes.
Most crocodiles have reflexes.
Most crocodiles have shape noses.
Most crocodiles have shape snouts.
Most crocodiles have short legs.
Most crocodiles have skin.
Most crocodiles have snouts.
Most crocodiles have strong legs.
Most crocodiles have teeth.
Most crocodiles have third eyelids.
Most crocodiles hold breaths.
Most crocodiles inhabit saltwater habitats.
Most crocodiles inhabit states.
Most crocodiles inhabit water.
Most crocodiles kill prey.
Most crocodiles live in climates.
Most crocodiles live in environments.
Most crocodiles live in estuaries.
Most crocodiles live in rivers.
Most crocodiles live in swamp.
Most crocodiles live in temperate climates.
Most crocodiles live in water.
Most crocodiles live in waterways.
Most crocodiles live on planets.
Most crocodiles look for meals.
Most crocodiles make eggs.
Most crocodiles mate during years.
Most crocodiles play in ponds.
Most crocodiles pose threats.
Most crocodiles possess ancestors.
Most crocodiles possess awareness.
Most crocodiles possess keen awareness.
Most crocodiles prefer food.
Most crocodiles prefer habitats.
Most crocodiles prefer meals.
Most crocodiles prefer saltwater habitats.
Most crocodiles prefer swamp.
Most crocodiles prey on large mammals.
Most crocodiles prey on mammals.
Most crocodiles rely on habitats.
Most crocodiles rely on mangrove habitats.
Most crocodiles reproduce during seasons.
Most crocodiles reproduce during wet seasons.
Most crocodiles require habitats.
Most crocodiles require water.
Most crocodiles return to rivers.
Most crocodiles seek meals.
Most crocodiles seek prey.
Most crocodiles seize food.
Most crocodiles seize prey.
Most crocodiles serve as predators.
Most crocodiles shake heads.
Most crocodiles sit in sand.
Most crocodiles stand in rivers.
Most crocodiles swim in rivers.
Most crocodiles swim in water.
Most crocodiles thrive in environments.
Most crocodiles thrive in healthy environments.
Most crocodiles use tails.
Most crocodiles wait for prey.
Most crocodiles watch water.
Some crocodiles are even capable of galloping.
Some crocodiles are killed by hippopotamuses.
Some crocodiles are killed by tigers.
Some crocodiles are more aggressive than alligators.
Some crocodiles are women from the waist up.
Some crocodiles come from nests.
Some crocodiles create habitats.
Some crocodiles dig burrows.
Some crocodiles dig holes.
Some crocodiles drag wildebeests.
Some crocodiles eat antelopes.
Some crocodiles eat baby crocodiles.
Some crocodiles eat bull sharks.
Some crocodiles eat chickens.
Some crocodiles eat crocodiles.
Some crocodiles eat insects.
Some crocodiles eat people.
Some crocodiles eat ridley sea turtles.
Some crocodiles eat sharks.
Some crocodiles eat snakes.
Some crocodiles eat turtles.
Some crocodiles emerge from habitats.
Some crocodiles emerge from nests.
Some crocodiles feed on plankton.
Some crocodiles feed on tiny plankton.
Some crocodiles float in ponds.
Some crocodiles give birth to predators.
Some crocodiles grab animals.
Some crocodiles grab wildebeests.
Some crocodiles has-part lids.
Some crocodiles have ancestry.
Some crocodiles have chances.
Some crocodiles have distribution.
Some crocodiles have flaps.
Some crocodiles have forces.
Some crocodiles have fur.
Some crocodiles have high tolerance.
Some crocodiles have instinct.
Some crocodiles have lineage.
Some crocodiles have membranous flaps.
Some crocodiles have powerful forces.
Some crocodiles have reputations.
Some crocodiles have shapes.
Some crocodiles have short ureters.
Some crocodiles have strikes.
Some crocodiles have tolerance.
Some crocodiles have wide distribution.
Some crocodiles inhabit areas.
Some crocodiles invade ponds.
Some crocodiles invade shores.
Some crocodiles kill humans.
Some crocodiles kill ospreys.
Some crocodiles kill people.
Some crocodiles kill tigers.
Some crocodiles kill victims.
Some crocodiles live in banks.
Some crocodiles live in farms.
Some crocodiles live in lagoons.
Some crocodiles live in lakes.
Some crocodiles live in ponds.
Some crocodiles live in saltwaters.
Some crocodiles live up to years.
Some crocodiles lose teeth.
Some crocodiles make nests.
Some crocodiles move to different habitats.
Some crocodiles move to habitats.
Some crocodiles occupy niches.
Some crocodiles occur in creeks.
Some crocodiles play in water.
Some crocodiles possess eggs.
Some crocodiles possess sacs.
Some crocodiles reach maturity.
Some crocodiles reach sexual maturity.
Some crocodiles rest on sand.
Some crocodiles seize caribou.
Some crocodiles seize chimpanzees.
Some crocodiles seize people.
Some crocodiles survive for many months.
Some crocodiles survive for months.
Some crocodiles survive in numbers.
Some crocodiles swim in groups.
Some crocodiles threaten explorers.
Some crocodiles visit ponds.
Crocodilian excretion is very species-specific and poorly characterized.
Crocodilian history is relatively well-known because their marshy habitats favor fossilization.
Crocodilian jaws are designed for grabbing and holding prey.
Crocodilian males are territorial animals that protect their home range from other male intruders.
Crocodilian mothers provide the most parental care compared to any other reptiles.
Crocodilian reproduction is similar among all species.
A crocodilian is a reptile
Crocodilian isa reptile.
Crocodilians also communicate by means of smell.
Crocodilians also have keen eyesight above water, similar to that of an owl's.
Crocodilians also have reflective layer called a tapetum lucidum which is similar to cats and dogs.
Crocodilians are amazingly successful animals in their natural environment.
Crocodilians are carnivores.
Crocodilians are carnivorous animals whose diets change with age.
Crocodilians are classified with lizard snake turtles.
Crocodilians are classified with other reptiles.
Crocodilians are classified with reptiles.
Crocodilians are classified with turtles.
Crocodilians are confined to the tropics and subtropics.
Crocodilians are extremely energy efficient.
Crocodilians are far too dangerous, too restricted or too demanding for all but zoos or experts.
Crocodilians are generally solitary by nature.
Crocodilians are known to swallow stones, known as gastroliths, which help digest their prey.
Crocodilians are meat-eaters.
Crocodilians are one of the only orders of reptiles that offer maternal care to their young.
Crocodilians are quadrupeds.
Crocodilians are reptiles .
Crocodilians are reptiles.
Crocodilians are semi-aquatic carnivores that includes crocodiles, alligators, caiman and gharials.
Crocodilians are semi-aquatic predators that have changed little since the time of the dinosaurs.
Crocodilians are the most intelligent reptiles today.
Crocodilians are the reptiles that breathe in a manner most similar to humans.
Crocodilians are well adapted to water, as well as land.
Crocodilians are well-adapted as predators, with few natural enemies.
Crocodilians can consume a variety of foods.
Crocodilians can survive months between meals.
Crocodilians can vocalize and communicate even before they hatch from the egg.
Crocodilians continue to grow their entire lives, even after sexual maturity has been reached.
Crocodilians eat fish and other water-dwelling animals, including capybaras, snakes, and birds.
Crocodilians have (part) brains.
Crocodilians have (part) breasts.
Crocodilians have (part) cell membranes.
Crocodilians have (part) cells.
Crocodilians have (part) chest cavities.
Crocodilians have (part) chests.
Crocodilians have (part) corpi.
Crocodilians have (part) cytoplasm.
Crocodilians have (part) ears.
Crocodilians have (part) faces.
Crocodilians have (part) heads.
Crocodilians have (part) nuclei.
Crocodilians have (part) pedal extremities.
Crocodilians have (part) plasma membranes.
Crocodilians have (part) rib cages.
Crocodilians have (part) sections.
Crocodilians have (part) skulls.
Crocodilians have (part) sterna.
Crocodilians have (part) vacuoles.
Crocodilians have (part) vertebrate feet.
Crocodilians have a complex brain with a cerebral cortex.
Crocodilians have a complex social structure that is poorly understood.
Crocodilians have a flexible, semi-erect posture.
Crocodilians have a similar salt-secreting gland in the tongue.
Crocodilians have a unique natural history that creates special challenges for their conservation.
Crocodilians have an elongate open-ear canal.
Crocodilians have community nurseries where one mother watches over the hatchlings of many.
Crocodilians have hearts.
Crocodilians have keen hearing.
Crocodilians have metabolism.
Crocodilians have no lips.
Crocodilians have slow metabolism.
Crocodilians inhabit all continents except Europe and Antarctica.
Crocodilians literally range across the map.
Crocodilians live in some of the most insanitary conditions.
Crocodilians live only in regions where the climate remains warm year-round.
Crocodilians only mate at certain times of year, within a two to three month period.
Crocodilians possess a most beautiful skin.
Crocodilians possess vertical, elliptical pupils, which are usually contracted during daylight.
Crocodilians prefer environments.
Crocodilians prefer food.
Crocodilians prefer fresh food.
Crocodilians provide excellent examples of both unsustainable and sustainable use.
Crocodilians rely on external heat sources.
Crocodilians rely on external sources.
Crocodilians rely on heat sources.
Crocodilians rely on sources.
Crocodilians suffer from a prevalence of 'big fish' stories and over-exaggeration.
Crocodilians tend to slough the skin in small pieces almost like dander.
Crocodilians use a variety of calls, smells and water behavior to communicate with each other.
Crocodilians use several methods of attack when pursuing live prey.
Crocodilians utilize proteins.
Crocodilians often bask following feeding to warm the body and aid digestion.
Crocodilians usually capture prey by a. b. c. d. chasing after prey on land.
All crocodilians are cold-blooded, which means they rely on their environment for warmth.
All crocodilians are semi-aquatic.
All crocodilians have strong jaw muscles for biting and holding prey.
Most crocodilians are classified with lizard snake turtles.
Most crocodilians are classified with other reptiles.
Most crocodilians are classified with reptiles.
Most crocodilians are classified with turtles.
Most crocodilians are shy, but some have been known to attack people.
Most crocodilians have hearts.
Most crocodilians have metabolism.
Most crocodilians have slow metabolism.
Most crocodilians live in freshwater habitats, though some venture into salt water.
Most crocodilians live in the tropics.
Most crocodilians prefer environments.
Most crocodilians prefer food.
Most crocodilians prefer fresh food.
Most crocodilians rely on external heat sources.
Most crocodilians rely on external sources.
Most crocodilians rely on heat sources.
Most crocodilians rely on sources.
Most crocodilians utilize proteins.
Some crocodilians also use their tails to knock prey off the bank and into the water.
Some crocodilians attack humans.
Some crocodilians have equivalents.
Some crocodilians have reputations.
Some crocodilians reduce cost.
Some crocodilians retain features.
Crocus bulbs produce flowers.
Most crocus bulbs produce flowers.
Crocus flowers bloom in springs.
Crocus flowers have leaves.
Crocus flowers have thin leaves.
Most crocus flowers bloom in springs.
Most crocus flowers have leaves.
Most crocus flowers have thin leaves.
Crocus plants grow in habitats.
Crocus plants reach height.
Most crocus plants grow in habitats.
Most crocus plants reach height.
Crocus seeds are self-planting.
Crocus seeds are shaped like spears and are covered with backward pointing hairs.
Crocus seeds are slow to germinate and the plants are slow growing.
A crocus is a bulbous plant
Crocus isa tracheophyte.
Crocus lives in alpine meadows, rocky mountainsides, scrublands and woodlands.
Crocus look best when they appear natural.
Crocus looks similar to their Spring flowering cousins.
Crocus thrive in sun or partial shade.
Crocuses are also among the very first flowers of springtime.
Crocuses are also monocotyledons.
Crocuses are also popular as container grown plants.
Crocuses are among one of the most popular of the early spring bloomers.
Crocuses are an example of corms.
Crocuses are great bulbs to use for adding a splash of colour to the garden in winter and spring.
Crocuses are great for adding early color indoors with window boxes, planters or other containers.
Crocuses are in bloom.
Crocuses are irises.
Crocuses are next to make an appearance.
Crocuses are picky about where they grow.
Crocuses are plants.
Crocuses are resistant to insects and disease.
Crocuses are small corms, so they dry out faster than large bulbs.
Crocuses are the first real sign of spring.
Crocuses are usually yellow, white, mauve or lilac in color.
Crocuses break out of a thawing earth.
Crocuses end the season, too, with the saffron variety.
Crocuses grow in shades.
Crocuses have (part) cell membranes.
Crocuses have (part) cells.
Crocuses have (part) corpi.
Crocuses have (part) cytoplasm.
Crocuses have (part) nuclei.
Crocuses have (part) plasma membranes.
Crocuses have (part) sections.
Crocuses have (part) vacuoles.
Crocuses have a bulbous base to their stems called a corm.
Crocuses have an upside that sometimes has the tip of the shoots showing.
Crocuses have contractile roots.
Crocuses have roots.
Crocuses prefer a gritty or sandy, well-drained soil.
Crocuses produce flowers.
Crocuses require the least amount of time and so are among the earliest spring bulbs to bloom.
Crocuses stick their delicate flowers through remaining patches of melting snow.
Crocuses tolerate acid soil but thrive in neutral to slightly alkaline soil.
Crocuses tolerate low temperature and cold climates.
Crocuses typically have three stamens .
Most crocuses grow in shades.
Most crocuses have contractile roots.
Most crocuses have roots.
Most crocuses produce flowers.
Some crocuses belong to buttercup families.
Some crocuses belong to families.
Some crocuses grow in climates.
Some crocuses grow in lawns.
Some crocuses have flowers.
Some crocuses have shape flowers.
Some crocuses have tunics.
Some crocuses require maintenance.
Croft fans can also hopefully expect some new stills right here shortly.
Croft mailbag See what readers have to say.
A crofter is a small farmer
Crofters tell of fears and hopes over new laws.
A croissant is roll
Croissants are breakfasts.
Croissants are extremely high in fat.
Croissants are food.
Croissants are French.
Croissants replace donuts, caesar salad instead of chicken dumplings.
A cromlech is a monument
Cromlech is an obsolete term meaning the same thing.
Cromoly steel forks Traditional road bike geometry with modified touring posture.
A crone is an old woman
Crone is a past president of the organization.
Crone is believed to be a victim of a possible kidnapping.
Crone knows the value of partnerships.
Crone tries to encourage valuing older women.
Crones are welcome to invite daughters or younger female friends to attend, if desired.
Crone's no longer exists.
Cronic bronchitis is certainly a possibility.
Crony capitalism holds the nation hostage.
Crony capitalism is about incurring public risk for private gain.
A crony is a friend
Cronies flourish, uncriticized.
A cronyism is discrimination
Cronyism can live.
Cronyism continues to be alive and well in Reno.
Cronyism is another debilitating feature of the Russian economy.
Cronyism is far from dead.
Cronyism is without question and efficiency crippling issue for any organization.
Cronyisms are discrimination.
Crook County is a county located in the northeastern section of the U.S. state of Wyoming .
Crook County is located in the geographic center of Oregon in an area of outstanding natural beauty.
Crook County is located in the geographic center of Oregon.
Crook County is situated in the geographic center of Oregon.
Crook County is the last county in Wyoming to receive an airport.
Crook trunks vary in diameters.
A crook is principal
Crook est ancienne ville.
Crook fits into metal tube.
Crook isa individual.
Crook isa person.
Crook isa somebody.
Crook isa someone.
Crook likes to think of it as risk management.
Crook manages to produce a largely dispassionate and factual account of the coup.
Crook pans the use of hydrogenated fats, but suggests high-cholesterol meals.
Crooks are crooks in any forum.
Crooks are people who use false knowledge to deceive people.
Crooks are staff.
Crooks -Black stable worker.
Crooks can easily test thousands of numbers at online merchant sites.
Crooks carry guns anyway.
Crooks charge high fees and provide little scholarship information.
Crooks confuse the captain's load of elixir for moonshine and plot to hijack it.
Crooks don t care what it costs since they aren t planning on paying for it anyway .
Crooks don t like to strike where eyewitnesses can provide the police with a detailed account.
Crooks find gringo party animals to be particularly easy pickings.
Crooks have (part) arms.
Crooks have (part) body substances.
Crooks have (part) cell membranes.
Crooks have (part) cells.
Crooks have (part) corpi.
Crooks have (part) cytoplasm.
Crooks have (part) heads.
Crooks have (part) human bodies.
Crooks have (part) legs.
Crooks have (part) material bodies.
Crooks have (part) necks.
Crooks have (part) nuclei.
Crooks have (part) personality.
Crooks have (part) plasma membranes.
Crooks have (part) sections.
Crooks have (part) vacuoles.
Crooks have time.
Crooks is a very lonely man.
Crooks is an exciting new voice in Caribbean literature.
Crooks know that rental cars contain items of value.
Crooks know the party's over.
Crooks know they can get away with it.
Crooks like to specialize.
Crooks love crowds.
Crooks love the holiday as much as everyone else, but chiefly because it's an opportunity for crime.
Crooks love the holidays, mainly because it is an opportune time for crime.
Crooks pay attention.
Crooks pay more attention.
Crooks prey on vacationers who have let their guard down.
Crooks smear elder's parked car with tar while elder is shopping.
Crooks starts off like a modern-day version of The Honeymooners .
Every crook has a correction process assuring a perfectly round inside diameter.
Most crooks have time.
Most crooks pay attention.
Most crooks pay more attention.
Some crook eats a super goober.
Some crooks are brave.
Some crooks are masters of disguise.
Some crooks are more equal than others.
Some crooks ask for personal information so they can run up big bills on the victim's credit card.
Some crooks have access to the cardholder's address information.
Some crooks inspire fear.
Some crooks prefer only neighborhood drug stores.
Crooked arrows are always a possibility with aluminum arrows.
Crooked creek forms the East boundary.
Crooked Creek is recognized as one of the top streams for smallmouth bass in the country.
Crooked Creek is reported to be a good stream for canoeing enthusiasts.
Crooked Creek runs across north Arkansas through Harrison.
Crooked dice can wipe out a casino quickly.
Crooked elections are part of our heritage.
Crooked Fingers See the man of many names.
Crooked holes are usually because of a misaligned spindle or too high a feed rate.
Crooked Island is a perfect place for sailing and fishing.
Crooked logs make straight fires.
Crooked nipples are another.
Crooked officials are also keen to silence critics.
Crooked pedal grinds on rails.
Crooked politicians know that and take advantage of it.
Crooked River seeks to publish the work of individuals interested in social and urban history.
Crooked roots are common.
Crooked rows are inefficient, representing poor stewardship of the field.
Crooked rows taste just as good as straight, and keeping the husk on helps the corn stay sweet.
Crooked stamps drop it a grade.
Crooked things happen in Vegas.
Crooked teeth become even.
Crooked teeth can also affect appearance and a child s emotional well being.
Crooked teeth cause many problems, even in adulthood.
Crooked trunks tend to catch equipment and are easily torn down.
Croom soils are on dissected uplands of the northern Atlantic Coastal Plain.
A crooner is a singer
Crooner is a professional singer.
Crop circles are a fascinating mystery.
Crop circles are patterns found in fields, over tree-tops, and in ice and snow.
Crop circles are the most well known from England, but have been seen all over the world.
Crop circles are transient and last for a little while until disappear at harvest.
Crop circles are two-dimensionsal.
Crop circles do represent a tangable paranormal attractor and emitter.
Crop circles have to be the classic example in the UK at the moment.
Crop circles seem to be evolving into increasingly complicated shapes.
Crop damage can be extensive because of the invasion of larvae into the flower buds in early spring.
Crop damage can occur at several stages.
Crop damage is a common problem, but also the erosion that takes place is another concern.
Crop damage is associated with deer density as much as it is with species.
Crop damage is caused by larval feeding or the presence of larvae contaminating produce.
Crop damage is caused by the larval stage.
Crop damage is determined mainly by weevil population and weather conditions.
Crop damage is often the most severe in the second crop year following grassy sod.
Crop damage is usually first evident on plants growing on ridges and knolls in the field.
Crop damage is usually minimal and the farmers are very understanding.
Crop damage occurs during the larval stage.
Crop damage occurs rapidly once the larvae moult to the second-last stage.
Some crop damage is caused by animals.
Some crop damage is caused by beetles.
Some crop damage is caused by blister beetles.
Some crop damage is caused by free roam animals.
Some crop damage is caused by nematodes.
Some crop damage is caused by roam animals.
Some crop damage occurs during larval stages.
Some crop damage occurs during stages.
Crop diversification is an issue.
Crop diversification requires a massive capital investment.
Crop diversity can influence abundance of diamondback moth.
Crop diversity contributes to the home-raised feed supply as well as cash sales.
Crop diversity increases our tolerance for weather and price fluctuations.
Crop diversity is very beneficial in sustainable agriculture.
Some crop diversity provides important resources.
Some crop diversity provides resources.
Crop ear is dominant over normal ears.
Crop factors depend on the genotype, irrigation system, season, and climate of the region.
Crop failure is common due to acid and white spot disease.
Crop failure is failure
Crop failure is failure.
Crop failure is likely to occur.
Crop failure is the primary concern of the state government.
Crop failures can result.
Crop farms are farms.
Crop farming is the most important sector in agriculture.
Crop farming is widespread, producing mostly cereals, rice, fruit and vegetables.
Crop fields provide habitats.
Crop fields provide suitable habitats.
All crop formations are two dimensional images of holographic projections.
Crop insurance allows farmers greater flexibility in managing their risk.
Crop insurance can also provide some revenue protection.
Crop insurance insures an income level.
Crop insurance is an expensive business to deliver.
Crop insurance is an important risk management strategy for farmers.
Crop insurance is another area needing immediate attention.
Crop insurance is another big issue.
Crop insurance is another risk management tool well worth investing.
Crop insurance is available for many crops grown in Florida.
Crop insurance is available only through private crop insurance agents.
Crop insurance is based on market prices.
Crop insurance is based on yield potential.
Crop insurance is based primarily on yield.
Crop insurance is considered an important risk management choice for farmers.
Crop insurance is often up to each party and the risk they want to assume.
Crop insurance is one of the best risk management tools available to producers today.
Crop insurance is one of the first things which come to mind.
Crop insurance is one of the most important risk management tools available to producers today.
Crop insurance is one tool that citrus producers can use to help manage production and price risk.
Crop insurance is the risk management tool of choice for our nation's farmers.
Crop insurance is the safety net legislators want to put underneath America's farmers.
Crop insurance is widely available for major commodities such as corn, wheat, soybeans, and cotton.
Crop insurance offers financial protection against crop losses due to uncontrollable weather.
Crop insurance proceeds.
Crop insurance provides two important benefits.
Most crop land is irrigated.
Crop loss is correlated with dry mass of mallow rather than the number of plants.
Crop loss means less work at the grain mill.
Crop losses are due primarily to larvae feeding and premature fruit drop.
Crop losses can be heavy.
Crop losses can be significant in years with rainy springs.
Crop losses can be very severe.
Crop losses tend to be correlated.
Some crop losses are due to lodging, shattering, and other factors.
Crop management impacts on quality and safety of vegetable crops.
Crop management is a dynamic activity that changes as technologies are developed.
Crop management is much more intensive and less forgiving.
Crop management pays rewards.
Crop marks are useful when printing on plain paper and cutting the designs manually.
Crop marks can also give clues to buried features.
Crop marks can indicate sites.
Crop marks show where a page, photo or transparency is to be cut.
Crop milk is produced by both sexes.
Crop milk is similar in nutritional content to mammalian milk.
Crop oil is a misnomer as the material is actually a derivative of paraffin-based petroleum oil.
Crop oils can be effective as penetrants and as surfactants.
Crop oils work by smothering immobile insects such as scales, aphids, and mites.
Crop plants can tolerate some level of pest attack and still produce economically acceptable yields.
Crop plants depend on animal pollinators.
Crop plants depend on pollinators.
Crop plants grow faster and take up more phosphorus faster than do most forest plants.
Crop plants have seeds.
Crop plants pump large amounts of water from the soil.
Crop plants reproduce by several types of pollination.
Crop plants require heat to develop, grow, and mature.
Many crop plants involve polyploidy in their formation.
Most crop plants depend on animal pollinators.
Most crop plants depend on pollinators.
Most crop plants have seeds.
Most crop plants including wild soybeans are sensitive to salt stress.
Some crop plants use types.
Crop production can continue on enrolled acreage.
Crop production includes wheat and other grain, silage, hay and fodder.
Crop production is based on managing a diverse set of inputs in varying environmental conditions.
Crop production is critically important to the economy of the Northern Great Plains.
Crop production is generally above last year's high levels, and crop quality is good.
Crop production is increased in the protected zone.
Crop production is no longer the most important issue any more.
Crop production is one thing, but livestock production is stuck with what ever nature does.
Crop production is profitable and at least average for the area.
Crop production is the basis of the economy.
Crop production is the subject of most of the field days and many include livestock studies.
Crop production Select the proper plant population.
Crop production varies widely because of weather conditions.
Crop productivity is enhanced by the use of a variety of chemicals including several pesticides.
Crop productivity is limited by the lack of water and mineral nutrients.
Crop protection includes products for the control of crop pests and fungal disease.
Crop protection is both a challenging and rewarding business.
Crop residue carries most corn diseases and insects to the next crop.
Crop residue cushions the impact of falling raindrops, which reduces soil detachment.
Crop residue has very low levels of vitamins and gestating ewes can become deficient.
Crop residue helps control and conserve water in ridge- tilled fields.
Crop residue helps control erosion and conserve water in ridge-tilled fields.
Crop residue is a direct function of cropping intensity, fertilization, tillage, and sanitation.
Crop residue is a very cost-effective alternative to hay.
Crop residue is also vital to maintaining organic matter levels in soils.
Crop residue left on the seed row reflects sunlight, slowing seed bed warming.
Crop residue reflects sunlight and insulates the soil from the air.
Crop residue works in a number of different ways to reduce runoff and erosion.
Crop residues can also help reduce wind erosion and can enhance snow entrapment.
Crop residues can have allelopathic effects as they decay.
Crop residues decay faster when tilled into the soil than if left standing undisturbed.
Crop residues decompose in the soil to form soil organic matter.
Crop residues feed the animals and the animals' manure fertilizes the soil.
Crop residues kill weeds.
Crop residues provide food and keep the soil surface cool and moist.
Crop residues provide food and shelter for small game and many species of songbirds.
Crop residues provide the raw materials for building soil organic matter.
Crop residues reduce runoff from farm fields to improve water quality.
Crop residues vary in their effectiveness.
All crop residue remains on the soil surface, protecting it from erosion.
Many crop residues are deficient in protein and minerals.
Some crop residues provide food.
Crop rotation affects soil tilth and fertility.
Crop rotation can also be effective against some corn nematodes, especially the needle nematode.
Crop rotation can also give the soil a chance to recover lost nutrients.
Crop rotation can also help build up soil infrastructure.
Crop rotation can also help replenish the nutrients plants remove from the soil during their growth.
Crop rotation can be a valuable tool to manage certain insect pests in field and vegetable crops.
Crop rotation can be an effective means of managing soil fertility and pest problems.
Crop rotation can be helpful.
Crop rotation can be useful in reducing nematode populations.
Crop rotation can help rid the problem, through heavy tillage the tunnel systems can be destroyed.
Crop rotation can reduce both the use of pesticides and the risk of weed resistance to herbicides.
Crop rotation can reduce food resources and thus, pocket gopher populations.
Crop rotation can reduce the buildup of soil-borne diseases.
Crop rotation combined with good weed management is an effective control.
Crop rotation controls more diseases than any other single cultural step.
Crop rotation discourages diseases.
Crop rotation does little to reduce their populations.
Crop rotation does reduce inoculum carryover.
Crop rotation encourages diversity and a healthier environment.
Crop rotation enhances the productivity of a field and reduces the incidence of soil borne disease.
Crop rotation has many advantages.
Crop rotation helps alleviate disease and nematode problems.
Crop rotation helps cut the use of fertilizer and insecticides.
Crop rotation helps improve the soil by the crop families using different nutrients.
Crop rotation helps minimize the damage of some pests on edible crops.
Crop rotation helps prevent the build-up of disease organisms in the soil.
Crop rotation helps to deter pests from returning regularly.
Crop rotation helps to keep losses minimal in fields where mosaic has occurred.
Crop rotation is a common method in both commercial agriculture and home gardens.
Crop rotation is a good defense.
Crop rotation is a good example.
Crop rotation is a long-established practice because it generally improves yield.
Crop rotation is a major factor for reducing organism buildup in the soil.
Crop rotation is a major factor in minimizing the disease problems in small grains.
Crop rotation is a necessary practice for minimizing many diseases.
Crop rotation is a practice in which farmers grow different types of crops in various seasons.
Crop rotation is a VERY effective tool in managing soybean cyst nematodes.
Crop rotation is a wise practice for many reasons, disease avoidance being a major one.
Crop rotation is advisable.
Crop rotation is also a helpful management tool.
Crop rotation is also an important tool.
Crop rotation is also effective in reducing reniform nematode populations.
Crop rotation is also effective since planting in clean soil gives best control.
Crop rotation is also helpful in reducing the buildup of flea beetle populations.
Crop rotation is also important for reducing the potential of several soilborne diseases of wheat.
Crop rotation is also important to maintain a minimum infestation of troublesome weeds.
Crop rotation is also useful for reducing root knot nematode populations.
Crop rotation is always a good management practice.
Crop rotation is an effective control method.
Crop rotation is an effective management practice for root-feeding insects.
Crop rotation is an effective management tool.
Crop rotation is another cultural method that if used correctly can enhance weed control.
Crop rotation is another important tool in reducing the sclerotial population in the soil.
Crop rotation is another method.
Crop rotation is detrimental to the winter grain mite.
Crop rotation is done to improve soil health and minimize insect and plant disease problems.
Crop rotation is effective in managing cotton root-knot nematodes.
Crop rotation is effective.
Crop rotation is encouraged, usually three years with small grain.
Crop rotation is especially effective with soil home diseases.
Crop rotation is essential, as the moth usually overwinters in the soil right underneath the plants.
Crop rotation is essential.
Crop rotation is even more important when deep-plowing is no longer an option.
Crop rotation is feasible for annual, biennial, or short-term perennial crops.
Crop rotation is followed more regularly.
Crop rotation is important because corn nematodes are grass feeders.
Crop rotation is important for production of a high-yielding crop.
Crop rotation is important in minimizing thrips infestations.
Crop rotation is important in scab control.
Crop rotation is important in weed control as well.
Crop rotation is important to keep the soil healthy and to prevent disease.
Crop rotation is important to prevent pathogen populations from building up to high levels.
Crop rotation is important, as the disease can remain in the ground for about three years.
Crop rotation is important.
Crop rotation is just one method the farm uses to maintain diversity in the field.
Crop rotation is more important in direct seeding than in conventional seeding.
Crop rotation is most effective on insects that develop on a limited number of plants.
Crop rotation is often an im- portant control measure.
Crop rotation is often an overlooked aspect of weed control.
Crop rotation is one of the best ways to avoid pests.
Crop rotation is one of the best ways to prevent or reduce disease infestations on pumpkins.
Crop rotation is one of the main ways that winter wheat growers manage downy brome.
Crop rotation is one of the most cost-efficient means of reducing pests.
Crop rotation is one of the most fundamental disease control practices available.
Crop rotation is one of the several approaches to contain erosion losses.
Crop rotation is one way to help maintain soil fertility.
Crop rotation is practiced in potato production.
Crop rotation is recommended and necessary.
Crop rotation is recommended to control both species of rootworms .
Crop rotation is still our best recommendation for corn rootworm prevention.
Crop rotation is still the order of the day.
Crop rotation is supposed to be a good thing.
Crop rotation is the basis for the sustainability of direct-sowing systems.
Crop rotation is the best control for take-all root rot.
Crop rotation is the best control.
Crop rotation is the best method for control.
Crop rotation is the best way to reduce the inoculum and thus reduce the risk of occurrence.
Crop rotation is the first suggestion for control.
Crop rotation is the growing of selected crops in a regular order on any particular field.
Crop rotation is the most effective and economical long-term management technique.
Crop rotation is the most effective control method.
Crop rotation is the most effective means of control.
Crop rotation is the most effective way to control winter annual bromes.
Crop rotation is the most practical, economical and successful means of control of take-all.
Crop rotation is the practice of alternating the type of crop planted.
Crop rotation is thus far superior to insecticides for reducing rootworm populations.
Crop rotation is used to break insect cycles.
Crop rotation is used to keep crops from depleting the soil.
Crop rotation is used to minimize pest buildup.
Crop rotation is useful in increasing soil fertility, though inputs are often required.
Crop rotation is yet another method.
Crop rotation means to grow different crops in order or succession.
Crop rotation prevents problems with herbicide-resistant weeds and herbicide buildup.
Crop rotation provides numerous benefits to any cropping system.
Crop rotation reduces erosion, seriousness of disease and insect damage, and weed problems.
Crop rotation reduces residual populations of all four root rot organisms.
Crop rotation reduces the cost of Colorado potato beetle control in potatoes.
Crop rotation refers to planting different vegetables on the same land from year to year.
Crop rotation remains the best method for control.
Crop rotation works fairly well, at least to delay the attack.
Crop rotation works just as well in the vegetable garden as in the agricultural field.
Crop rotations add diversity to an operation.
Crop rotations are essential in direct seeding systems.
Crop rotations bring profits, stem erosion.
Crop rotations can be helpful.
Crop rotations disrupt cycles of weed, insect, and disease pests.
Crop rotations disrupt weed life-cycles, especially when differences are maximized.
Crop rotations help control shattercane.
Crop rotations increase crop diversity.
Some crop rotation has effects.
Some crop rotation helps problems.
Some crop rotation reduces potential.
Crop science encompasses a broad arena of scientific problems.
Crop science is an exciting field with a great diversity of career opportunities.
Crop science is the main focus of each unit of study.
Crop selection has a lot to do with drought management capabilities.
Crop selection is also vital in determining the future prosperity for Egypt.
Crop selection is based upon soil types, drainage, climate, and intended use of crop.
Crop selection is done with no regard to impact on wildlife.
Some crop sequences are more likely to result in fewer soil pests.
Crop varieties incorporate the values of their creators.
Crop variety is also important.
Crop year refers to the year in which the crop is harvested.
Crop yield drops annually, and thus plots are typically abandoned within about three years.
Crop yield is improved due to the improved uniformity of application.
Crop yields are considerably lower and the entire process is far more labor intensive.
Crop yields are generally low and, consequently, so are the residents' incomes.
Crop yields are higher under irrigation and less dependent on the effects of weather.
Crop yields are limited to two tons per acre.
Crop yields are low and there are periodic crop failures.
Crop yields are low and, in some areas, non-existent.
Crop yields are low, because of poor and eroded soils, as is livestock productivity.
Crop yields are still modest.
Crop yields are the best indicator of the fallow requirement.
Crop yields are three times what they are on adjacent, unirrigated farmlands.
Crop yields decline rapidly, which makes farming unprofitable.
Crop yields drop with every bit of topsoil lost.
Crop yields vary depending on initial soil fertility, spacing, care and maintenance.
Crop yields vary greatly from cooperative to cooperative.
A crop is a yield
Crop appears to suffer drought stress by early heading.
Crop arise past some animal otherwise occupy college boy.
Crop buy among no wool however keep Alabama crimson tide jackets.
Crop buy among no wool however keep Antique golfclubs.
Crop buy among no wool however keep Cincinnati bengals memorabilia.
Crop continues to grow as long as conditions are favorable.
Crop germplasm conservation and developing countries.
Crop goes to co-ops, farm stands, supermarkets.
Crop is a little too tight to the head, but timing is right on.
Crop is established by components of yield compensation and by berry thinning.
Crop is fair.
Crop is in excellent condition.
Crop is in fair to good condition.
Crop is in good condition.
Crop is in good shape at all stages of growth.
Crop is in mostly good condition.
Crop is reasonable to good with farmers spraying to control leaf diseases at present.
Crop is to eliminate unwanted material or change the dimensions of art.
Crop is very drought-resistant.
Crop is very useful as a green manure, and leafy prostrate cvs reduce soil erosion.
Crop is wheat and the rotations are all clockwise.
Crop isa production.
Crop looks good so far.
Crop looks good.
Crop looks much better now that it has headed.
Crop looks real good down east.
Crop looks very good with cool weather helping.
Crop remains in fair to good condition.
Crop requirements The plant nutrients in biosolids are mostly organic.
Crop ripens all at once over a four to six week period.
Crop ripens unevenly and proper Stage for harvesting is difficult to determine.
Crop run underneath several discount spalding golf.
Crop run underneath several titleist dci rifle shaft.
Crop sequences for three farming systems studied in the Rodale experiment.
Crop sequences for winter wheat in soil infested with cereal cyst nematode and fungal pathogens.
Crop sounds distorted to one side.
Crop species All cereals respond to deep ripping similarly.
Crop stands that are uneven in their development become very difficult to manage.
Crops affected include common wheat, durum wheat, rye and triticale.
Crops also differ dramatically.
Crops also vary greatly in their tolerance to the various components of acidity.
Crops appear light pink.
Crops are about two weeks behind schedule.
Crops are alfalfa and grass hay, wheat, barley, oats, and pasture.
Crops are all good.
Crops are all in an doing good.
Crops are also much less expensive to grow and maintain compared to the cost of producing animals.
Crops are always rectangles.
Crops are as bountiful in Kansas as elsewhere on the globe.
Crops are at second node to flag leaf stage.
Crops are at the early vegetative stages, and reported in good condition.
Crops are body parts.
Crops are collections.
Crops are consistent with local plans.
Crops are corn and mixed hay grasses.
Crops are corn, cotton, rice, and grain sorghum.
Crops are corn, small grain, hay, and apple orchards.
Crops are corn, soybeans, wheat, oats, milo, sunflowers, alfalfa and pasture.
Crops are corn, wheat, oats, buckwheat, potatoes and mixed hay.
Crops are corn, wheat, oats, mixed hay, vegetables, peach and apple orchards, and plant nurseries.
Crops are corn, wheat, sorghum,soybeans ans soom specialty crops.
Crops are dependent on weather and on crowds.
Crops are divided.
Crops are easy to rotate from bed to bed preventing a buildup of pests.
Crops are far from planted, let alone at any critical development stage.
Crops are for subsistence as well as a source of cash.
Crops are generally in good condition.
Crops are generally most sensitive to salinity during germination and emergence.
Crops are green, yellow, ochre and blue.
Crops are handles.
Crops are harvested.
Crops are in good condition.
Crops are in, and the corn's doing fine.
Crops are just awful.
Crops are large in size considering the amount of time that they have to grow.
Crops are largely dependent on precipitation, which occurs mainly in a spring-fall bimodal pattern.
Crops are limited to corn, oats, hay and grass.
Crops are located in fields.
Crops are mainly grain sorghum, cotton, and corn with some small areas in vegetables.
Crops are mixed hay, small grain, and corn.
Crops are most susceptible at the seedling stage and when maturing and beginning to dry off.
Crops are obviously dependent on environmental conditions.
Crops are often susceptible to damage where wild boars are prevalent.
Crops are output.
Crops are part of whips.
Crops are planted and periodically tended until they can be harvested.
Crops are plants that are grown for food or other uses.
Crops are plants.
Crops are poor due to lack of moisture.
Crops are ready for the harvest, wheat is offered in libation.
Crops are removed, the soil usually is dry, and evaporation rates are fairly low.
Crops are rotated through the fields to replace nutrients in the soil.
Crops are ruined, resulting in costly delays and making reseeding necessary.
Crops are selected such that their nutrient requirements are different .
Crops are selected such that their nutrient requirements are different.
Crops are sick.
Crops are slow-growing due to long periods of below average temperatures.
Crops are small because of the rocky soil.
Crops are small grain and mixed hay.
Crops are small grain, corn, soybeans, cotton, hay, pasture plants and some fruit crops.
Crops are small grains, corn, sugar beets, potatoes, hay, and pasture.
Crops are stressed, well levels are low and fish in the South Nation River are trapped.
Crops are susceptible to herbicide injury when very young or as reproductive structures are forming.
Crops are the end result of nurturing.
Crops are the foods that farmers grow .
Crops are the foods that farmers grow.
Crops are the main components followed by livestock and trees.
Crops are tolerable good.
Crops are under full irrigation and have four planting dates.
Crops are under moisture stress and rains are needed soon to prevent permanent damage.
Crops Are Unknown.
Crops are vegetables.
Crops are very good in our County.
Crops attract animals.
Crops attract bees.
Crops attract birds.
Crops begin to grow.
Crops being investigated are soybean and oat.
Crops being the dominant source of cash, take the premium attention, as well as, investment.
Crops benefit from the reduced wind speeds in the protected zone.
Crops can also be specialties if they are produced in unconventional ways.
Crops can also produce toxins under certain conditions.
Crops can be direct seeded into a forage stand after the stand has been killed with a herbicide.
Crops can be more resistant to drought and cool weather.
Crops can be too dry when harvested.
Crops can be vulnerable as well.
Crops can suffer washout in the violent downpour and possible flash flood preceding a tornado.
Crops can tolerate a certain amount of disease with no loss of yield or quality.
Crops can usually tolerate higher salinity of irrigation water under higher frequency irrigation.
Crops commonly grown are cotton, corn, soybeans, truck crops, and small grain.
Crops commonly grown include soybeans, corn, potatoes, vegetable and samll grain crops.
Crops consist primarily of livestock feeds such as alfalfa, meadow hay, pasture, and small grains.
Crops consists of food groups used for life in general.
Crops continue to deteriorate under drought conditions.
Crops continue to progress well, although a substantial rainfall is needed in most areas.
Crops covered include corn, cotton, small grains, alfalfa, rice, and insect-resistant soybeans.
Crops covered include corn, soybeans, small grains and sugar beets.
Crops cultivated are millet, rice, sorghum, corn, sugarcane and mangoes.
Crops currently grown include mangoes, melons and vegetables.
Crops depend on bees.
Crops depend on domesticate bees.
Crops depend on insect pollination.
Crops depend on moisture.
Crops depend on pollination.
Crops depend on pollinators.
Crops differ in their competitive ability .
Crops differ in their response to water stress at a given growth stage.
Crops differ in their responsiveness to shelter.
Crops differ in their tolerance to salts.
Crops fail for want of moisture.
Crops fail with probability q .
Crops following grass or grassy stubbles are particularly at risk.
Crops freeze, and livestock can be killed.
Crops gather, stook and stack, golds decay to black.
Crops generally are prety good for the time.
Crops generally have higher requirements for N than for other major elements.
Crops generally look good.
Crops get their nutrients or food from the soil.
Crops go unharvested and fields go unplowed.
Crops grow and flowers bloom the year round.
Crops grow best in the eastern countries and animals do well on the rich grasslands of the west.
Crops grow in the summer, there's some tillage in the fall and the land sits bare in the winter.
Crops grow well in the grasslands.
Crops grown are mainly cotton and grain sorghums.
Crops grown are peaches, grapes, almonds, walnuts, alfalfa, wheat and beans.
Crops grown are small grains and grain sorghums.
Crops grown are small grains, sorghums, soybeans, and corn.
Crops grown are wheat, barley, potatoes, sugar beet, oilseed rape, linseed, beans and peas.
Crops grown biologically have a longer storage life which relates to a healthier food source.
Crops grown here literally go around the world.
Crops grown hydroponically use water and nutrients more efficiently.
Crops grown in South Kazakhstan include corn, small grain, hay, melons and cotton.
Crops grown in the area include a wide variety.
Crops grown in the area include small grains, legumes, oilseeds, and Kentucky bluegrass.
Crops grown in the area include wheat, barley, flax, oats, and canola.
Crops grown in the United States are critical for the food supply here and around the world.
Crops grown include beans and corn, as well as rice.
Crops grown include maize, beans, sweet potato and citrics 'malangu' and 'guicoy'.
Crops grown include orange, lemon, grapefruit, kiwi, and stone fruits.
Crops grown include rice, wheat, cotton, oil bearing seeds and vegetables.
Crops grown include staples like cotton, alfalfa and wheat.
Crops grown include wheat, barley and market garden produce.
Crops grown include wheat, barley, rape, and potatoes.
Crops grown include wheat, com, grain sorghum, soybeans, forage sorghum and alfalfa.
Crops grown include wheat, corn, grain sorghum, soybeans, forage sorghum and alfalfa.
Crops grown on plantations include banana , sugarcane , coffee , tea , cotton and tobacco .
Crops grown on plantations include banana, sugarcane, coffee, tea, cotton and tobacco.
Crops grown on plantations include cacao, cloves, coconuts, rubber, and tea.
Crops grown under stress tend to develop tolerance to blue mold at an earlier age.
Crops grown within irrigation areas can directly contaminate waters with pesticides and fertilisers.
Crops have (part) business activities.
Crops have a wide variety of uses and are an integral part of our existence and development.
Crops have abundances.
Crops have been destroyed, so famine is a serious threat.
Crops have beneficial effects.
Crops have benefits.
Crops have different requirements.
Crops have different time requirements.
Crops have direct effects.
Crops have effects.
Crops have great benefits.
Crops have properties.
Crops have quality.
Crops have requirements.
Crops have seeds.
Crops have substantial price differences by region.
Crops have tendencies.
Crops have to be protected from competition from weeds.
Crops have to be stored, packaged, loaded, and marketed.
Crops have use.
Crops have withered away, water sources have dried up, there is no fodder for cattle.
Crops impoverish the soil by removing from it the raw materials for the manufacture of plant food.
Crops include cabbages.
Crops include chinese cabbages.
Crops include soybeans.
Crops include tobacco.
Crops include vegetables.
Crops increase resistance.
Crops inevitably suffer in war zones.
Crops involve labor.
Crops involved include corn, soybeans and grain sorghum.
Crops is tolerble good.
Crops known to be affected include alfalfa, corn and brome.
Crops listed are corn, cotton, grain sorghum, rice, small grains and soybeans.
Crops look beautiful.
Crops look fair here.
Crops look good.
Crops look reasonably well.
Crops looks oful sorry.
Crops looks very bad here evrything is dieing here for the want of raine.
Crops modified by biotechnology can one day produce healthier and more nutritious food.
Crops most affected by the drought conditions are likely to be the staples, maize and rice.
Crops need attention.
Crops now grown are mostly cotton, barley and alfalfa.
Crops occur in fields.
Crops perform much better on one type of stubble than another type.
Crops planted include cassava, sweet potatoes, beans and maize.
Crops play crucial roles.
Crops play roles.
Crops produce antimicrobial compounds.
Crops produce compounds.
Crops produce flower stalks.
Crops produce fruit.
Crops produce plants.
Crops produce stalks.
Crops provide basic food.
Crops provide benefits.
Crops provide food.
Crops provide many benefits.
Crops provide more energy for people than cattle, at a higher trophic level.
Crops provide nutrition.
Crops provide shades.
Crops reduce diversity.
Crops reduce genetic diversity.
Crops remain true to their parent and mature early.
Crops require adequate irrigation.
Crops require an adequate supply of nutrients.
Crops require compromises.
Crops require honey bee pollination.
Crops require irrigation, but water is plentiful.
Crops require irrigation.
Crops require pollination.
Crops require pollinators.
Crops require soil temperature.
Crops require solar energy to develop and grow.
Crops require temperature.
Crops require varying amounts of phosphorus relative to nitrogen depending upon the crop produced.
Crops respond quickly, growing taller, greener and more lush.
Crops respond to many factors as they determine their daily water requirements.
Crops respond well to applications of lime and fertilizer.
Crops rot in the fields and the local population is now largely displaced and dependent on food aid.
Crops scouted by the co-op include Irish potatoes, small grain, corn, soybeans, peanuts, and cotton.
Crops seem average in size and yield.
Crops serve purposes.
Crops shade more and more of the soil as they grow, but soil evaporation continues.
Crops sown using no-tillage rely primarily on herbicides and competition to kill weeds.
Crops still dominate the export picture but the export mix is changing.
Crops still require more rain to recover.
Crops stunted by low fertility are often yellowish.
Crops suffer droughts, floods, pests, weeds, and soil constraints.
Crops suffer from lack of moisture and inadequate nutrition, and current yields are very low.
Crops survive earthquakes.
Crops take in and store the energy from the sun.
Crops take up phosphorus in a soluble form.
Crops targeted include tobacco, tomato, corn, cotton, potatoes, sunflowers, citrus, and more.
Crops tend to grow faster in warmer conditions.
Crops thrive in the Willamette Valley thanks to the river's centuries-old habit of flooding.
Crops typically grown here include winter wheat and other grains, feed corn, soy beans, and hay.
Crops use lots of water.
Crops use the nutrients, and bacteria that remain in the reclaimed water die off.
Crops use water for several purposes.
Crops use water.
Crops vary according to their yield response to shelterbelt protection.
Crops vary greatly in their tolerance to acidity.
Crops vary in the tolerance to sodium.
Crops vary in their attractiveness to the moths as sites for laying their eggs.
Crops vary in their specific nutrient needs.
Crops vary in their tolerance to soluble salts.
Crops whither away.
Crops wither in their fields because government supports for pesticides are gone.
All crop is direct seeded into the undisturbed residues from the previous season's crop.
All crop reports for the calendar year.
All crops can use poultry litter as a source of fertilizer.
All crops have a maximum salt level they can tolerate without a yield loss.
All crops have a range of pH at which they grow best.
All crops have a varying degree of natural herbicide tolerance.
All crops have different root system structures.
All crops look well and farmers are through their spring planting.
All crops share a common input-output format, and are similar in level of detail.
Any crop can cause food allergy but a few food items cause most food allergy.
Any crop is possible.
Many crops are dependent on an active bee or other insect population for pollination to occur.
Many crops are dependent on honeybee pollination for cost effective production.
Many crops are dicots, including plums, beans, and peas.
Many crops are grown along the sides of the Mississippi .
Many crops are grown along the sides of the Mississippi.
Many crops are now ready to harvest.
Many crops are past shuck split while most apples, pears and sour cherries are in petal fall.
Many crops are two weeks behind normal maturity levels.
Many crops are under stress because of excessive rain.
Many crops benefit from lady beetles.
Many crops can produce almost without interruption when succession planting is employed.
Many crops have a low tolerance of high chlorides in the soil and in fertilizers.
Many crops have a very low tolerance level to wind and wind blown soil.
More crops requires more space.
Most crops also have spots of spider mites.
Most crops are about two weeks ahead.
Most crops are also short due to earlier dry weather.
Most crops are currently in the vegetative growth stage.
Most crops are planted to achieve a given population of healthy plants per unit of ground area.
Most crops are resistant to one or more herbicides.
Most crops are sensitive if contacted.
Most crops attract bees.
Most crops can out compete weeds as long as they emerge before the weeds and form a canopy.
Most crops currently being grown for oil produce their oil in seeds or nuts.
Most crops depend on bees.
Most crops depend on domesticate bees.
Most crops depend on insect pollination.
Most crops depend on moisture.
Most crops depend on pollination.
Most crops depend on pollinators.
Most crops have abundances.
Most crops have beneficial effects.
Most crops have benefits.
Most crops have different requirements.
Most crops have different time requirements.
Most crops have direct effects.
Most crops have effects.
Most crops have great benefits.
Most crops have properties.
Most crops have quality.
Most crops have requirements.
Most crops have seeds.
Most crops have some degree of sensitivity to salt, because of the competition for water.
Most crops have tendencies.
Most crops increase resistance.
Most crops involve labor.
Most crops occur in fields.
Most crops play crucial roles.
Most crops play roles.
Most crops produce antimicrobial compounds.
Most crops produce flower stalks.
Most crops produce fruit.
Most crops produce plants.
Most crops produce stalks.
Most crops provide basic food.
Most crops provide benefits.
Most crops provide food.
Most crops provide many benefits.
Most crops provide nutrition.
Most crops provide shades.
Most crops reduce diversity.
Most crops reduce genetic diversity.
Most crops require adequate irrigation.
Most crops require at least six to eight hours of full sun a day to thrive.
Most crops require compromises.
Most crops require honey bee pollination.
Most crops require irrigation.
Most crops require more potash than sulfur.
Most crops require pollination.
Most crops require pollinators.
Most crops require soil temperature.
Most crops require temperature.
Most crops respond better to foliar feeding when the nutrients are applied during the morning hours.
Most crops serve purposes.
Most crops use water.
Some crops actually benefit from selective irrigation.
Some crops affect insects.
Some crops affect patterns.
Some crops are caused by dust storms.
Some crops are caused by storms.
Some crops are Continuous , but in all cases Yields are higher than soil based gardens.
Some crops are easy to recognize.
Some crops are more likely than others to absorb non-nutrient toxic substances from soils.
Some crops are more sensitive to low boron levels than others.
Some crops are sugar cane and fruits like orange .
Some crops are sugar cane and fruits like orange.
Some crops are sugar cane, cacao, tobacco and citrus fruits like orange.
Some crops are very salt tolerant and can be irrigated with non-blended runoff.
Some crops become alternatives.
Some crops become viable alternatives.
Some crops cause damage.
Some crops cause problems.
Some crops cause reductions.
Some crops cause significant damage.
Some crops cause yield reductions.
Some crops compete better with weeds than others.
Some crops contain enzymes.
Some crops contribute to effects.
Some crops depend on a certain range of soil temperatures for consistently good germination.
Some crops have conditions.
Some crops have diversity.
Some crops have drawbacks.
Some crops have genetic diversity.
Some crops have high economic value and allow the application of more capital-intensive practices.
Some crops have ideal conditions.
Some crops have less genetic diversity.
Some crops have lower water requirements than others.
Some crops have reputations.
Some crops have to be irrigated around the clock.
Some crops have types.
Some crops lead to assumptions.
Some crops leave residues that suppress or prevent other crops from growing.
Some crops occur in offspring.
Some crops offer values.
Some crops permanently occupy their turf, such as rhubarb, asparagus, grape vines and orchard trees.
Some crops produce seeds.
Some crops provide excellent opportunity.
Some crops provide opportunity.
Some crops provide plenty of food while others make lots of money on the world market.
Some crops reduce growth.
Some crops reduce production.
Some crops reduce weed growth.
Some crops rely on irrigation.
Some crops rely on wind.
Some crops require drainage.
Some crops require good drainage.
Some crops require good soil drainage.
Some crops require intensive management.
Some crops require management.
Some crops require much less energy input than others.
Some crops require plenty.
Some crops require soil drainage.
Some crops require years.
Some crops show manganese deficiency much more readily than others.
Some crops take places.
Some crops tolerate cold while others are killed by the lightest frost.
Some crops vary in susceptibility to leaf mining.
Some crops yield multiple distillations, while others only yield one.
Cropped ears are erect, never converging nor diverging, and point slightly forward.
Cropped ears are high set.
Cropped jacket has patch pockets and cuffs.
Cropped pants are so big right now.
Cropped pants are still in and shorts are shorter nowadays.
Cropped tail is permissible.
Croque madame uses chicken and cheese.
Croquet equipment is sports equipment
All croquet equipment is provided but members are asked to wear flat-soled shoes on the courts.
A croquet is an outdoor game
Croquet can be an extremely competitive, frustrating, and tension filled game.
Croquet carpets for sale.
Croquet sets voice Decisions confuse inside a croquet sets.
Croquet yields to practice.
Many croquet set for sale above empty, hungry wealth makes any small house by some flour.
Some croquet mallet out ashamed, low trouble delay few active leader during lots fate.
A croquette is a dish
Croquettes are the equivalent of hamburgers in Japan.
Cross body lead ending.
Cross body lead to end.
Cross body lead to finish the pattern.
Cross body lead to finish.
Cross body lead with reverse turn ending in a comb.
Cross body lead with reverse turn to get out.
A cross country is a race
All cross country is over well groomed rolling fields and trails.
Cross Creek has recreational products for children with special needs.
Cross Creek offers golf packages to meet every golfer's needs.
Cross Creek offers many extras for the residents here.
Cross disability means that anyone no matter what their disability can participate in the group.
Cross eyes are strabismus.
Cross facing is part of wrestling too.
Cross faults divide the basin into two sections.
Cross jellies are transparent and easy to overlook.
Cross postings are a real pest under no-bandwidth conditions.
Cross processing produces interesting and unexpected colors with lots more grain.
All cross promotions are different.
Cross rates are important in arbitrage transactions.
Cross reactions differ from one individual to another.
Cross reactions differ from one person to another.
Cross registration is at the discretion of the home and host schools.
Cross registration is available in the summer on a limited basis.
Cross registration is possible.
A cross section is a plane section
Cross sections illustrate construction techniques.
Cross sections reveal well-circumscribed, multinodular lesion extending to the border with blue ink.
Cross sensitivity is very low to other contaminants commonly found in the presence of benzene.
A cross street is a street
Every cross street has a curb on it.
Cross striations are due to the sarasmeric structure of muscle.
Cross striations are visible in the individual rods.
Cross style is cut with a special cross-shaped cutter, giving an X shaped piece of paper.
Cross traffic is accommodated at at-grade intersections with local streets.
Cross traffic is traffic generated between local nodes.
Cross training appears to be the rule and is working well.
Cross training are exercising.
Cross training can be helpful for overall balance.
Cross training can help prevent repetitive stress injuries.
Cross training can make hiking less injury prone.
Cross training can make some people's job more interesting, with a variety of duties to perform.
Cross training continues.
Cross training creates friend-building.
Cross training decreases the risk of injury, yet adds intensity to a program.
Cross training ensures more effective results in improving and maintaining personal fitness.
Cross training increases respect in the newsroom.
Cross training is a good idea.
Cross training is a myth, because muscular activity is so sports specific.
Cross training is a safe and relatively easy way to add variety to an exercise program.
Cross training is also a requirement.
Cross training is also available.
Cross training is also helpful.
Cross training is also important for maintaining the home team.
Cross training is also important to prevent injuries and burn out.
Cross training is an essential and on-going process.
Cross training is another approach to integrating services.
Cross training is another essential piece of the puzzle.
Cross training is best to target the various major muscle groups.
Cross training is critical.
Cross training is for the birds.
Cross training is important for everyone, since sticking to just one sport invites injuries.
Cross training is important in creating the team.
Cross training is increasingly important to increase an operator's skills.
Cross training is probably the best thing a player can do.
Cross training is provided by the teams when required.
Cross training is quite popular in sports and fitness circles currently.
Cross training is the spice of life.
Cross training is vital.
Cross training means mixing different workouts or sports to maintain fitness.
Cross training offers ideas and tips on how to shape up while still having fun.
Cross training prepares an employee for a job normally handled by someone else.
Cross training uses more muscle groups.
Some cross training is always beneficial.
Some cross training is to increase overall fitness which helps increase performance.
Crosses also are embroidered on the cloth.
Crosses are afflictions.
Crosses are emblems.
Crosses are everywhere.
Crosses are for dying and humiliation.
Crosses are heavy.
Crosses are hip now.
Crosses are in the shape of swords.
Crosses are punch.
Crosses are rough.
Crosses are sold in bookstores, jewelry stores, flea markets, anywhere there are people.
Crosses are special order parts at many suppliers.
Crosses are structures.
Crosses are very goth.
Crosses are visible in several places throughout the city.
Crosses can jump and capture up to two spaces diagonally.
Crosses can only capture Squares.
Crosses come in gold, silver, wood, stone, and seashells.
Crosses continue to have amazing strength, as do star, moon and other celestial motifs.
Crosses create a great deal of stress on the pipe because they have four connection points.
Crosses have splinters.
Crosses identify sprinkler heads, and filled circles identify smart sampling points.
Crosses make death less frightful.
Crosses mark the positions of the two stars.
Crosses move in the directions they point.
Crosses occur within species, but are rare between different species.
Crosses represent death and torture.
Crosses say how many times an inmate was sentenced.
Crosses show unidentified objects at a nominal redshift.
Crosses stand on hills, in yards, and at the bottom of the sea.
Crosses symbolize national traditions.
Crosses symbolize needless deaths from excessive speed in cities and villages.
All crosses have a sculpted side as well as a personalized side.
Every cross is tailor-made.
A crossbar is a bracing
Crossbar is one piece.
Crossbar is weighted on both ends to keep it straight.
Crossbar switch A type of fast, parallel network topology.
Crossbars are bars.
Crossbars pass thru rings, connecting the boards.
Crossbars snap on and off for convenient transport or for single bike riding.
A crossbill is a finch
Crossbills are birds.
Crossbills are finches that are specially adapted to opening conifer seeds.
Crossbills are finchs.
Crossbills are possible.
Crossbills are the least common and feed almost exclusively on cones.
Crossbills are the nomads of the boreal forest.
A crossbow is a bow
Crossbows are bows.
Crossbows are great competition 'levelers', in a male dominated sport.
Crossbows are illegal.
Crossbows are just another form of bow, very popular in medieval times in Northern Europe.
Crossbows are legal in Wyoming.
Crossbows shoot short arrows called 'bolts' which are similar to arrows.
Crossbows typically have shorter draw lengths compared to compound bows.
Crossbows use small bolts as ammunition.
Many crossbows have crank or windlass mechanisms to pull the string in drawn position .
Many crossbows have crank or windlass mechanisms to pull the string in drawn position.
Crossbred animals tend to out perform purebreds because of heterosis.
Crossbred boars do work well as terminal sires in terminal and rotaterminal programs.
Crossbred boars work well in terminal and rotaterminal systems, especially as terminal sires.
Crossbred cats are robust and long-lived.
Crossbred cows are unknown outside dairy farms around the major towns.
Crossbred hounds are a cross between English and American hounds.
Crossbred hounds are the most popular in the United States.
Crossbreed pigs weigh lbs.
A crossbreed is an organism
Crossbreeds can be just as good a pet as any pure bred dog.
Crossbreeds have much lower concentrations of undesirable genes.
Most crossconnect devices can have colored labels or markers added for identification.
Crosscultural awareness is emphasized throughout the course.
A crosscurrent is turbulence
Crosscurrents is a forum for scholarly debate among anthropology graduate students.
Crosscurrents Review some of the latest and best in the literature of classical liberalism.
Crosscut knives are the preferred devices.
A crosse is a racquet
Crosse also has a message for teen-age boys as well as adult men.
Crosse is now all but forgotten.
Crosses also adorn altars and baptismal fonts.
Crosses are just religious symbols and occasionally nice accessories.
Crosses are racket.
Crosses are the only tombstone worth having.
Crosses are the values during the nominal mission.
Crosses bear witness to the silencing by the sword.
Crosses creek twice.
Crosses have a light patina too add to their overall authentic appearance.
Crosses have a mystical or spiritual meaning for most people.
Crosses have a number of uses in Christian worship.
Crosses indicate protoxvlem.
Crosses mark the centers of the two galaxies.
Crosses marking where people have died seem to be most plentiful on paved roads between cities.
Crosses represent observed values.
Crosses show cases that lead to impossibilities.
Crosses show results from the literature.
Crosses sometimes show heterosis but any apparent superiority is deceptive.
All crosses come with a gift box, and have quality assurance warranties.
More crosses create a longer spoke, more tangent spoke, and more torsionally efficient wheel.
Some crosses signify a known child and others an unknown child discarded somewhere in our world.
A crossed eye is squint
Crossed eyes affects five percent of all children.
Crossed eyes are a commonly used term for the technical phrases esotropia.
Crossed eyes are a lucky omen in all money matters.
Crossed eyes are more common in premature babies than in full-term babies.
Crossed eyes are one type of strabismus.
Crossed eyes are usually easier to notice than lazy eyes.
Crossed eyes happen when one eye turns inward.
Crossed eyes is a common problem in institutionalized children.
A crossfire is fire
Crossfire breathes new life into a spectacular game.
Crossfire endevours to reach out to all age groups and all ethnic and socioeconomic backgrounds.
Crossfire is a client-server product with a graphical user interface.
Crossfire is a multiplayer graphical arcade and adventure game made for the X environment.
Crossfire is a slower growing variety of tall fescue that exhibits a very dark green color.
Crossfire is a total blast.
Crossfire tries to organize a paintball event every month.
Crossfires are conversations.
Crossfires are fire.
Crossfires are video games.
Crossflow towers introduce the airflow at right angles to the water flow throughout the structure.
Crossflow towers provide horizontal air flow as the water falls through the packing.
Crosshatch pattern is still obvious on walls.
A crosshead is a block
Crossheads having hydraulic lifts and locks are available.
A crossing is travel
Crossing can be hazardous, so be very careful.
Crossing does occur in both populations, but to differing extents.
Crossing is done in Izmir, Syria, and Mexico.
Crossing is done with four twosteps.
Crossing is made from the mold one expects, and indeed wants to see at an independent film festival.
Crossing is often out of the question.
Crossing is the major breeding method adopted for the development of new mulberry varieties.
Crossing is very much a sitting-down film.
Crossing makes for a more intricate understanding of one's own culture as well as the other.
Crossing makes it easier to hook a spot dye in sequence.
Crossing takes about one hour and fifteen minutes one way.
Crossing takes an hour and a half.
Crossings are listed from south to north.
Crossings are paths.
Crossings are points.
Crossings are quick, frequent and reasonably priced.
Crossings are translations.
Crossings are travel.
Crossings are voyages.
Crossings become few and infrequent.
Crossings brings together musicians with years of jazz experiences from around the world.
Crossings can be either by ramp or culvert.
Crossings continue . . .
Crossings easily adapts to the tasks at hand.
Crossings is an annual publication.
Crossings is produced quarterly and is now available online.
Crossings provides the following types of services.
Crossings supports fluid work environments in private office settings.
Crossings truly is the next point of origin in office design.
Crossings usually occur at the hull ends, at the stem or transom.
All crossing is done at the ferry.
All crossings are well bridged.
Every crossing is a new challenge and new calculation.
Many crossings are in rural areas, are poorly marked and are minimally maintained.
Many crossings are in rural areas, are poorly marked and are Minimally maintained.
Many crossings are on a raised surface higher than the roadway.
Most crossings have a railroad sign.
Some crossings also have gates and flashing lights.
Some crossings also have gates.
Some crossings are precarious over the flimsy bridges of beaver dams.
Some crossings have gates, lights and bells.
Some crossings have gates, lights, and bells.
Some crossings have 'Stop' signs and small red and green lights.
Some crossings have the sound like cukoos and others are songs selected often from nrsery rhymes.
Some crossings have the traditional lights, but others don' t.
Crosslinkable polymers offer the possibility of microstructuring of membranes.
Crosslinkable polymers offers the possibility of microstructuring of membranes.
Crosslinked polymers are more rigid and have a higher flexural strength than linear polymers.
Crosslisted courses require the endorsement of the appropriate crosslisted departments.
Crossover cable is used between two machines.
Crossover cables are a necessary evil, but still to be avoided whenever possible.
Crossover distortion is affected by any control used to adjust the bias of the output tubes.
A crossover is a borrowing
Crossover acts by combining parts of two parents.
Crossover allows a very large number of attempted solutions to be tested simultaneously.
Crossover allows recombination.
Crossover blends the edges of one signal into another.
Crossover can be rather complicated and very depends on encoding of the encoding of chromosome.
Crossover combines the properties of some individuals to new individuals.
Crossover cuts strings at arbitrary sites and swaps substrings.
Crossover designs for two-treatment clinical trials.
Crossover is a color or image that crosses the gutter of a spread in a finished book.
Crossover is a processing tool for invoking scripts and transforming data.
Crossover is an operator that for a pair of chromosomes produces two other chromosomes.
Crossover is analogous to sexual reproduction, but it is a much cruder version.
Crossover is applied when a new offspring chromosome, based on two parent chromosomes, is created.
Crossover is bad.
Crossover is by dressing room hallway directly behind stage.
Crossover is no stranger to networks.
Crossover is performed until the new population is created.
Crossover is simple for parse trees.
Crossover is the basis of genetic algorithms, there is nevertheless other operators like mutation.
Crossover is the most fundamental operator used by genetic algorithms.
Crossover is the most important mechanism of the algorithm.
Crossover is the most important process in generating new organisms.
Crossover is the second genetic operator used.
Crossover is the term for natural selection in genetic algorithms.
Crossover is through the upstage scenery storage room.
Crossover is unusual.
Crossover is used in hopes of creating a second generation with superior characteristics.
Crossover now accounts for almost all of classical music's best selling records.
Crossover occurs at Stage Meiosis A as seen in the graphic overhead.
Crossover occurs during evolution according to a user-definable crossover probability.
Crossover occurs often in software, and programming skills are portable.
Crossover occurs with certain probability.
Crossover permits entrances and exits to and from audience.
Crossover produces computer games and multimedia, both traditional and Internet-based.
Crossover provides a method of combining two candidates from the population to form a new candidate.
Crossover remains in play.
Crossover selects genes from parent chromosomes and creates a new offspring.
Crossover switch for wall or stand use.
Crossover takes too long and results in to many extra birds to feed.
Crossovers add distortion to the music and rob the speaker of dynamics and power.
Crossovers aim for the spots between traditional segments, the what-if market.
Crossovers are always messed up, and muddy everything.
Crossovers are borrowing.
Crossovers are first-order types to maintain accurate phase performance.
Crossovers are the brains of a loudspeaker and it is essential that they are designed properly.
Crossovers are very high quality also.
Crossovers are very simple.
Crossovers can be good.
Crossovers can be passive or active.
Crossovers have aspects of both sport-utility vehicles and cars.
Crossovers is a modification for a repeater hamstring.
Crossovers look like smaller sport utilities.
All crossovers feature high voltage polypropylene capacitors and high purity foil inductors.
All crossovers introduce time and phase distortions that degrade the original signal.
CrossRef membership is open to primary scholarly publishers.
A crossroad is a junction
Crossroads also is about to see structural improvements.
Crossroads also represent the intersection of positive, neutral and negative forces.
Crossroads are for Meeting.
Crossroads are good places.
Crossroads are located in cities.
Crossroads are located in countries.
Crossroads are located in countrysides.
Crossroads are located in journeys.
Crossroads are located in life.
Crossroads are located in roads.
Crossroads are located in traffic light.
Crossroads are overlap.
Crossroads are television shows.
Crossroads are times of pressure.
Crossroads are used for intersections.
Crossroads are used for turning.
Crossroads are where conversations occur.
Crossroads are where people come together, to talk and to work together.
Crossroads Come to Crossroads for some ice cream treats and hear some live music.
Crossroads does provide short-term pastoral counseling.
Crossroads does provide vault toilets, a picnic area and fire grills.
Crossroads Get step by step instructions on how to get ready for a backpacking trip.
Crossroads has a capacity here for acceptance of a broad range of people.
Crossroads has a large selection of new and used trucks to choose from.
Crossroads has existing relationships with missionaries and mission organizations around the world.
Crossroads has positions in utility, services, information systems, and customer service.
Crossroads has several other staff positions open.
Crossroads has several volunteer staff positions open for students.
Crossroads has tremendous potential to grow.
Crossroads has two sets of books.
Crossroads helps to prevent psychiatric hospitalization and failure in programs.
Crossroads includes the story of the electric guitar, with prototypes showing every step of the way.
Crossroads is a better church because of their dedication and commitment.
Crossroads is a homeless shelter located in Green Bay, Wisconsin.
Crossroads is a large intersection in the center of the city.
Crossroads is a multi-user adventure game.
Crossroads is a non-denominational Christian fellowship group.
Crossroads is a program designed to help break the cycle of homeless families.
Crossroads is a transitional shelter for homeless families.
Crossroads is also fully searchable .
Crossroads is an independent, non-denominational Christian church.
Crossroads is an interactive group of young couples.
Crossroads is at the top of the hill on the right.
Crossroads is closed on all government holidays.
Crossroads is closed on major holidays.
Crossroads is dedicated to human growth-the growth of individuals, communities and nations.
Crossroads is happy to help.
Crossroads is intended to be helpful and constructive.
Crossroads is our first effort to educate our members on how to function in a digital world.
Crossroads is our newsletter for seniors.
Crossroads is shelved.
Crossroads is targeted at the family.
Crossroads is the group's first venture into the retail business.
Crossroads is the only conference where every participant has a proven record of success.
Crossroads is totally a volunteer organization, and none of the staff are paid.
Crossroads is very high quality for a student publication - well done.
Crossroads leases out space to retailers.
Crossroads lies at an interdimensional nexus that connects a million worlds.
Crossroads looks for people who have good communication skills, and pleasing personalities.
Crossroads maintains five classrooms in the newly renovated facility.
Crossroads now offers regular outpatient follow-up to the community.
Crossroads offers a quality place to shop, with merchandise and entertainment for all ages.
Crossroads practices believers baptism.
Crossroads provides connectivity for storage area networks.
Crossroads provides enterprise consulting services under the following broad categories.
Crossroads Publishes mainstream, genre, childrens, young adult.
Crossroads recognizes outstanding talent in both.
Crossroads serves domestic and imported beers, and there's a full bar as well.
Crossroads serves snack foods and yummy desserts.
Crossroads sues the city to push for an expansion.
Crossroads tend to be magnets for settlement.
Crossroads uses entertainment value as a litmus test in selecting their music.
Crossroads welcomes other educators to informally participate in the project.
Crosstalk noise is generally stationary while impulse noise is random.
Crosstalk are artifacts arising in the CCDs due to multiple amplifiers.
Crosstalk can be a problem for SCSI transmissions at higher speeds or over long distances.
Crosstalk degrades as the number of optical carriers increases.
Crosstalk happens when signals leak in to nearby cables.
Crosstalk interferes with the desired data signal.
Crosstalk is a community of real people having real conversations.
Crosstalk is a fact of life in modern digital systems.
Crosstalk is a phenomenon that occurs when signals leak in to adjacent conductors.
Crosstalk is a special form of noise that is induced by other signals on a common medium.
Crosstalk is an additive effect and is proportional to the signal strength in a given amplifier.
Crosstalk is but one of several signal integrity effects.
Crosstalk is greatest at the bottom of the screen because of phosphor afterglow.
Crosstalk is interference
Crosstalk is less prevalent on download signals on a subscriber line.
Crosstalk is made up of an electric field component and a magnetic field component.
Crosstalk is mentioned in particular.
Crosstalk is most significant at the transmitter end.
Crosstalk is noise.
Crosstalk is overflow from an adjacent wire.
Crosstalk is signal overflow from an adjacent wire.
Crosstalk is the term used for overflow of signal across cables.
Crosstalk is the unwanted introduction of signals from one channel or pair to another.
Crosstalk is undesirable signal transmission from one cable pair to another nearby pair.
Crosstalk occurs when energy is coupled between two adjacent cable pairs.
Crosstalk occurs when unwanted signals are coupled between copper conductors.
Crosstalk partially darkens pixels and lowers the display's overall contrast.
Crosstalk refers to interference between channels.
Crosstalk refers to the interference between channels.
Crosstalk regrets the error.
Crosstalk seems to be a difficult concept for many people to grasp.
Crosstalk sounds like two conversations and often a distortion of one or the other or both.
Crosstalk usually fades away after a moment or two.
Crosswalk lines are white lines painted across the entire width of the pavement.
Crosswalk tables are a major element of integration.
A crosswalk is a path
Crosswalks are available for pedestrian use in most locations.
Crosswalks are available to related majors and military occupations.
Crosswalks are located in city streets.
Crosswalks are located in street corners.
Crosswalks are located in streets.
Crosswalks are most effective in conjunction with signals and other traffic control devices.
Crosswalks are often a half-mile apart.
Crosswalks are one tool that municipalities can use to accomplish both goals.
Crosswalks are safer and more visible, especially after dark.
Crosswalks are safer and more visible.
Crosswalks are sometimes in the middle of the block in residential areas and school areas.
Crosswalks are too close together.
Crosswalks are two white lines painted on the road which go across the street.
Crosswalks can also be a problem when placed at unexpected locations or on high speed roads.
Crosswalks don t have huge concrete walls on either side.
Crosswalks have sound signals for the blind.
Crosswalks offer a safer, more visible pedestrian environment.
Most crosswalks are at corners.
Crosswind landings are very difficult to impossible to handle.
Crosswind is wind
Crosswind is wind.
Crosswinds also offers commercial hosting for free.
Crosswinds Also provides free Web space.
Crosswinds are a limiting factor at the airport.
Crosswinds are also a concern.
Crosswinds cause a believable amount of right to left, or left to right ball movement.
Crosswinds Get free unlimited web space for a personal home page and business web pages hosting.
Crosswinds has no backups of any kind.
Crosswinds is a brand new two bedroom, two bath cabin overlooking a spectacular view.
Crosswinds is back up and running.
Crosswinds is up, back and looking better than before.
Crosswinds just make the surf very bumpy and ugly.
Crosswinds knock the bike around.
Crosswinds offers free space for businesses.
Crosswinds only offers one page editor and it is a simple text block.
Crosswinds Provides free web space and free e-mail.
Crosswinds sing the whiter world's a cavity of graspable night.
Crosswinds welcomes requests.
A crossword puzzle is a puzzle
Crossword puzzles are also available.
Crossword puzzles are an old obsession, computers - a new one.
Crossword puzzles are configurations.
Crossword puzzles are desirable problems for many people.
Crossword puzzles are for extra credit.
Crossword puzzles are great mind exercisers.
Crossword puzzles are legal forms.
Crossword puzzles are located in suitcases.
Crossword puzzles are more than an enjoyable pastime.
Crossword puzzles are popular features in newspaper.
Crossword puzzles are puzzle games.
Crossword puzzles are puzzles.
Crossword puzzles are terrific for increasing vocabulary.
Crossword puzzles are though.
Crossword puzzles offer a fun method of review.
Crossword puzzles provide a stimulating challenge.
Crossword puzzles work well on computer, making good use of limited screen real estate.
Some crossword puzzles are easy, some are hard.
Some crossword puzzles are here to solve.
A crossword is a puzzle
Crossword puzzles for all proficiency levels.
Crossword puzzles only of easy to medium levels of difficulty.
Crossword puzzles with a difficulty rating.
Crossword puzzles with Bible questions for answers.
Crosswords are a great way to relax.
Crosswords are a type of puzzle which have letters in common.
Crosswords are of the American style and cover a large range of topics.
Crosswords can be a useful tool for creating tests and assignments for students.
Crosswords have clues for words that fit across.
Crosswords Try one of our excellent crosswords.
Some crosswords use riddles and word play and are usually more difficult than straight crosswords.
A crotalaria is a herb
Crotalaria anagyroides . . .
Crotalidae eyes are elliptical cat eyes .
Crotalidae venom causes platelet aggregation.
Crotalidae venom has an acetylcholinesterase.
Crotalidae venom inhibits platelet aggregation.
Crotch shots produce a crumpled collapse.
A croton is a bush
Crotons are plants.
Crotons are shrubs.
Crotons are tropicals that are sensitive to cold.
Crotons are unique in that it is possible to root only the leaves.
Crotons can live for many years but have thin bark.
Crotons develop their best leaf colors when planted in full sun.
Crotons have large, glossy leaves that are patterned in bright reds, yellows, oranges and pinks.
Crotons occasionally attract pests such as mealybugs, spider mites and scale.
Crotons offer the indoor gardener bold color, striking texture and mass.
Crotons perform well in a sunny location and with a potting mix kept evenly moist.
Crotons root very easily in mist beds as do hibiscus and dozens of other plants.
Some crotons are large and used as hedges or specimen plants in warm landscapes.
A croup is a body part
Croup slopes away from spine at angle.
Croup slopes gently.
Croup tours available.
Croups are diseases.
Most croup is caused by a virus infection .
Most croup is caused by a virus infection.
Most croup is caused by viruses and occasionally by bacteria.
A crouton is bread
Croutons are available upon request.
Croutons are bread.
Croutons are cold toast.
Croutons can be high in fat.
Croutons Sprinkled on soups and salads, croutons add extra flavor and texture.
Crow bars are useful for turning and moving big stuff and come in many sizes.
Crow nests are large platforms of sticks, usually in tall trees.
CROW nurses assume the bird was brought on ship.
Crow Valley is used by the Philippine air force for practice bombings.
A crow is a bird
Crow asks for help.
Crow runs offstage.
Crows also appear at various times in the Bible.
Crows also catch fish, eat from outdoor dog dishes, and take fruit from trees.
Crows also feed on toads, frogs, snakes and small mammals.
Crows also have good eyesight.
Crows also like to congregate near lights because their night vision is poor.
Crows appear in large numbers and partake of the food.
Crows appear to have evolved in Asia from corvid stock which had evolved in Australia .
Crows appear to have evolved in Asia from corvid stock which had evolved in Australia.
Crows are a game bird and are taken during the appropriate season.
Crows are aggressive omnivores and prey on other birds, their eggs and crops.
Crows are albums.
Crows are also effective predators of eggs and small chicks.
Crows are also highly social.
Crows are also very mischievous.
Crows are among the most intelligent of birds.
Crows are among the smartest birds in the world.
Crows are an owl's worst enemy.
Crows are animals.
Crows are animals.
Crows are bands.
Crows are birds has the same meaning as All crows are birds.
Crows are birds that are good at counting .
Crows are birds.
Crows are black birds and blackbirds are also, but a crow in the snow is so much the more so.
Crows are black everywhere.
Crows are black.
Crows are both predators and prey.
Crows are both predators and scavengers, as are most hawks.
Crows are clever but they can fly the wrong way to escape a car.
Crows are cooperative breeders.
Crows are crafty foragers that sometimes follow adult birds to find where their nests are hidden.
Crows are cries.
Crows are curious.
Crows are equally frivolous.
Crows are especially vulnerable to night attacks by great horned owl.
Crows are exceptionally intelligent birds.
Crows are extremely intelligent birds and very socially oriented.
Crows are fascinating animals.
Crows are found on every continent except for the southern area of South America and Antarctica.
Crows are great mimics and can learn a great variety of sounds including talking.
Crows are highly intelligent and are good at adapting to changing conditions.
Crows are highly social and intelligent creatures.
Crows are intelligent birds and are difficult to trick.
Crows are just smart enough to change with the times.
Crows are located in trees.
Crows are located in universes.
Crows are more likely than birds of other species to die if they are infected with West Nile virus.
Crows are most vulnerable at night, gathered in a large group, and an owl can do a lot of damage.
Crows are natural scavengers.
Crows are noisy all the time - though it's hard to call it song.
Crows are omniverous and the suirrels have been scurrying away when the crows appraoch.
Crows are omnivores and eat almost anything they can find.
Crows are particularly susceptible to the virus and are considered an important early warning sign.
Crows are particularly susceptible to the virus, and the vast majority of infected crows die.
Crows are particularly susceptible to West Nile Virus and often die.
Crows are particularly vulnerable, and the vast majority of infected crows die.
Crows are primarily scavengers, eating whatever they can find off the ground.
Crows are protective parents.
Crows are relatively gregarious.
Crows are savvy critters, but like the squirrels in our peach tree, they take one taste and move on.
Crows are scavengers.
Crows are smaller, have squared-off tails and different calls.
Crows are smarter than hawks.
Crows are social birds that congregate in huge flocks.
Crows are some of the most intelligent birds in the world.
Crows are soundtracks.
Crows are territorial and are avid defenders of the same.
Crows are the inhabitants of Europe, Africa, South Mediterranean, and Britain.
Crows are the victims of a lot of bad press.
Crows are their chief enemies, with blue jays a close second and all other small birds following.
Crows are ubiquitous and somewhat ominous-looking.
Crows are very capable birds.
Crows are very cautious.
Crows are very intelligent birds.
Crows are very intelligent, use tools, and are near the top of the animal IQ scale.
Crows are very intelligent.
Crows are very popular in literature and myth.
Crows are very sensitive to West Nile.
Crows are very smart.
Crows are very special birds because they know how to use something like a twig as a tool.
Crows are very successful birds.
Crows are wary.
Crows avidly rub their bodies with squashed ants.
Crows begin to fly sufficiently to be released at eight weeks or so.
Crows can also be a benefit, of course, by eating harmful insects and grub worms.
Crows can and do dive bomb from all angles and it is tempting to try to take as many as possible.
Crows can be a form adopted by fairies, usually with ill intent, and are therefore dreaded.
Crows can be mischievous creatures, and are well-established collectors.
Crows can do thousands of dollars' worth of damage to an orchard in just a few hours.
Crows can imitate other animals, hoot, and eat chipmunks and nuthatches.
Crows can provide a real hunting challenge.
Crows Can t Count.
Crows consider it their business to harass and mob any great horned owl they find.
Crows continue to arrive from all quarters during the session.
Crows defend a territory from other crows only during the nesting season.
Crows do help farmers however when they eat insects attracted by their crops.
Crows do nest in large numbers in various parks in the garden city of Singapore.
Crows do prey on young birds and eggs during the spring mating season.
Crows eat a variety of food.
Crows eat all of the corn at the end of the book so there is no more corn.
Crows eat bird eggs of all kinds.
Crows everywhere are equally black.
Crows feed on garbage with they seem to find delicious and is spread around the city.
Crows find the nest and eggs.
Crows fly with a steady rowing wingbeat.
Crows form strong pair bonds, and both parents help raise their young, called simps.
Crows gathering from one to many, effectively calls others.
Crows get the virus when they are bitten by infected mosquitoes.
Crows have a cooperative defense behavior known as mobbing.
Crows have a frequent, steady wing beat with little or no gliding.
Crows have at least five calls which refer to different kinds of danger.
Crows have different pitches in their voice.
Crows have extremely good memory.
Crows have extremely keen senses of sight and hearing.
Crows have great intelligence and are very adaptable.
Crows have lots of ways of saying things with different sounds.
Crows have more dignity.
Crows have no teeth.
Crows have the habit of nesting on top of a platform of sticks.
Crows have their place and are very fun to watch.
Crows help farmers, however, by eating enormous quantities of insects.
Crows hold in a drift and circle.
Crows live anywhere and everywhere with the exception of New Zealand, South America and Antarctica.
Crows live in close knit family groups.
Crows live upon carcasses and droppings, especially the carrion crow.
Crows make their nests in tall trees.
Crows migrate from north to south in winter.
Crows pair off in early spring, building a nest of twigs, sticks and stems.
Crows prefer to nest alone.
Crows roost in large numbers to protect themselves from predators.
Crows seem again to be doing more flying than dying.
Crows seem to do that as well.
Crows seem unusually sensitive to the disease.
Crows show linguistic capabilities and an ability to relay information over great distances.
Crows still can raid the nests.
Crows strut their turf under plum trees, furl their capes and bob like drunks.
Crows take care of their young until such times when they are capable of surviving alone.
Crows use a system of guards that observe and sound warnings to all other crows in the area.
Crows win after Picken shoots for goal.
Crows often eat harmful insects, benefitting farmers.
Crows often post a sentinel to watch for danger.
Crows often post sentinels while they feed to alert each other to impending dangers.
Crows often roost in large numbers.
Crows often work together as a team.
Crows sometimes amass in huge communal roosts, occasionally numbering in the hundreds of thousands.
Crows sometimes eat juvenile pigeons.
Crows sometimes make and use tools.
Crows usually hang around in groups, so there is the extended family to consider.
All crows are birds.
All crows are black.
Most crows are found in South America, Central America, Europe and Asia.
Most crows are resident birds.
Some crows can be completely white .
Some crows have a second brood in the same year.
Some crows stay with their parents for up to five years or longer.
A crowbar is a lever
Crowbar chops away and whips Storm into a flying shoulderblock for two.
Crowbar crashes through a table.
Crowbar fights back but gets a knee to the chest.
Crowbar gets a second wind and fires away with rights.
Crowbar gets a two with a sunset flip then a leg drop to the groan after that.
Crowbar goes for the pin.
Crowbar has to be the weapon of choice.
Crowbar hits a northern lights suplex for a two count.
Crowbar hits a slingshot crossboyd, and then a moonsaw off the second rope for a two count.
Crowbar hits the leap of faith to the outside, but is too hurt to regroup.
Crowbar hits the Leap of Faith.
Crowbar is unsure what to do.
Crowbar isa lever.
Crowbar moves and regains control of the match.
Crowbar picks up the victory.
Crowbar puts on a sleeper in the middle of the ring.
Crowbar then hits a moonsault off the ropes for two.
Crowbars are industrial equipment.
Crowbars are levers.
Crowbars are located in cabinets.
Crowbars are tools.
Crowbars have (part) fulcrums.
Crowbars have (part) sections.
Crowbars work wonders for coin returns.
Some crowbars have a notched an end for removing nails.
A crowberry is a bush
Crowberries are big, black, and shiny.
Crowberries are everywhere.
Crowd behavior is unpredictable and violence can flare up at any time.
Crowd behavior is what the stock markets are all about.
Crowd chants are much improved as well.
Crowd control is a major item.
Crowd control is control
Crowd control is the responsibility of the sponsoring organization.
Crowd effects change to reflect peaks and troughs in the game.
Crowd psychology can be a powerful yet fickle force in the markets.
Crowd psychology matters more because the crowd has gotten so much bigger.
Crowd scenes are spontaneous and natural, wondrously moving.
Crowd scenes can always use extra readers.
A crowd is gathering
Crowd begins to form.
Crowd boos because of lack of action.
Crowd celebrate of few handball equipment.
Crowd estimates for the two-hour protest ranged wildly.
Crowd gathers to see what's happening.
Crowd isa social group.
Crowd love it.
Crowd moves on to Apocalypse Now after closing.
Crowd picks up as it gets later.
Crowd piles onto train.
Crowd promote Switzerland against many internet up none owner.
Crowd roars with every successful shot.
Crowd runs mainly college, slightly bohemian.
Crowd soon moves on again accompanied by dozens of cops.
Crowd starts clapping along.
Crowd talks to each other in disbelief.
Crowd tends to be a little older and very cruisy.
Crowd waits for door prize drawing.
Crowds adore the bicolors and variegated dahlias.
Crowds also gather for crucial regular and post-season games.
Crowds appear when the Halloween Parade is about to start.
Crowds are a bit less and weather is generally more favorable.
Crowds are a given on move in day.
Crowds are a huge problem on weekends during the summer.
Crowds are a natural consequence of city life, whether on the street, at the mall or on a bus.
Crowds are a rarity.
Crowds are already on the increase.
Crowds are always mediocre.
Crowds are amazingly diverse and everyone is more into dancing and socializing than posturing.
Crowds are especially difficult to pass through.
Crowds are especially good for people who are physically dissatisfied with themselves.
Crowds are few in town.
Crowds are fewer then.
Crowds are fickle.
Crowds are for crows.
Crowds are fun.
Crowds are gathering.
Crowds are generally quiet, respectful of the musicians and intense listeners.
Crowds are great, enthusiastic and generous.
Crowds are groups of people.
Crowds are heavy.
Crowds are in awe.
Crowds are less of a problem midweek during the school year.
Crowds are light mid-week.
Crowds are located in demonstrations.
Crowds are located in sporting events.
Crowds are made of people.
Crowds are minimal here, and the mountain is large.
Crowds are minimal, service is more than sufficient, and hotel rates are affordable.
Crowds are much larger at men s professional basketball games that at women s.
Crowds are nothing new.
Crowds are often just twenty people standing around, looking bored.
Crowds are particularly intense during the weekends leading up to the holidays as well.
Crowds are popular places for the pickpocket.
Crowds are rare.
Crowds are sparser all the time.
Crowds are the best on the West Coast.
Crowds are the largest groups and least personal of adolescent groups.
Crowds are there too, but kept under strict discipline, only one attendant with one patient.
Crowds are usually larger on free days.
Crowds are usually small.
Crowds are very small.
Crowds are welcome at the competition.
Crowds arrive early in order to sample as many foods as possible before the servings run out.
Crowds assemble along the decks to watch the link bridge operations.
Crowds await the arrival of the first passenger train.
Crowds begin to pick up at both parks as Spring Break gets into full swing.
Crowds can be frightening.
Crowds can be large, but are well- behaved and very appreciative.
Crowds can be moderate, but there is a lot of area here to fish.
Crowds can empower, offer anonymity, isolate or support.
Crowds can gather.
Crowds can get big during the summer, and there is a great carnival atmosphere.
Crowds can now erupt spontaneously when a goal is scored without waiting for the replay verdict.
Crowds cheer as the vessels cross the finnish line.
Crowds come early and stay late.
Crowds congregate in Quebec City during the summer music festival.
Crowds continue to grow at each meeting.
Crowds create scenes.
Crowds deminish the experience.
Crowds do that.
Crowds draw criminals.
Crowds dress up as witches or trolls and are supposed to chase away the demons of winter.
Crowds ease up in fall.
Crowds follow pennant races and World Series.
Crowds follow suit, and many times, the result is ugly.
Crowds form in awe, whispering to one another, and the local merchants clean up.
Crowds gather A steady stream of onlookers lined the roads taken by the wagons.
Crowds gather and the merriment intoxicates the air.
Crowds gather around past midnight.
Crowds gather around the large horseshoe bar and then spread to the tables fronting the stage.
Crowds gather around the vat to examine the day s selection.
Crowds gather as departure time nears at the depot.
Crowds gather at the various stages to hear their favorite type of music.
Crowds gather in downtown Sydney to watch the torch.
Crowds gather in packs around transistor radios, anxious to hear the latest.
Crowds gather outside the family home and in the courtroom, while political cartoons poke their fun.
Crowds gather to celebrate the new Millennium.
Crowds gather to watch the Polar Bears.
Crowds gather under the canopies while waiting for a peek inside.
Crowds gather wherever it is parked.
Crowds get bigger.
Crowds get out of control everywhere.
Crowds get pretty big in mid-summer, making spring and fall ideal times to come.
Crowds get so large that many of the local residents take their vacations and get out of town.
Crowds go crazy when the two beautiful vocalists start grooving together on stage.
Crowds happen naturally when more than a few people stand together.
Crowds have a natural momentum.
Crowds have a natural tendency to grow as something different and out of the ordinary is happening.
Crowds hear men.
Crowds here are loud and appropriately respond to good and bad shots. . .
Crowds hurl refuse at the maskers on board.
Crowds inspect the progress of the work every day, especially on Sundays.
Crowds jam the streets, waiting for news of who has died and who has survived the maritime disaster.
Crowds line the road.
Crowds line the streets so they can see A cavity emergency.
Crowds load the sidewalks, moving briskly.
Crowds love the spectacle.
Crowds make our folk anxious.
Crowds move in unpredictable ways.
Crowds move out of the way.
Crowds press up against the gate outside the orthopedic hospital.
Crowds react intelligently to the action on the field, and hecklers can be heard from time to time.
Crowds react intelligently to the action on the field.
Crowds react to a variety of things beside their teams' baskets.
Crowds regularly overwhelm capacity.
Crowds respect only the strong.
Crowds respond to the show with rock audience enthusiasm.
Crowds spill out into the streets, leave the kids at home and check it out.
Crowds stand within the circle of yellow light.
Crowds stare silently, probably fearfully.
Crowds start to build after the North Cascades Highway opens each spring.
Crowds start to grow again and ladies events are staged.
Crowds start to thin.
Crowds stone an adulterer to death.
Crowds strain to see what's going on through the scrummage of shoulders.
Crowds suck, alot of rich assholes who think they own the beach.
Crowds take delight.
Crowds tend to be quite heavy.
Crowds tend to be young and mixed, straight and gay, all races, men and women.
Crowds tend to spill out of the station building onto the boarding platform, which is covered.
Crowds throng the building, viewing skilled craftsmen demonstrate and sell handmade items.
Crowds throng the entrance, and are let in through a queue system.
Crowds turn out to chase UFOs near Milan, Michigan.
Crowds always attract a few pickpockets.
Crowds always honor victors.
Crowds often gather outside the gallery window, where a good view of the artist is available.
Crowds often speak with great authority but have faulty methods of collecting data.
Crowds often start gathering twenty minutes in advance.
Crowds usually gather at fires.
Crowds usually gather to watch.
Every crowd has a big mouth - some guy who yells at the cops.
Every crowd has a pilfer lining.
Every crowd has a silver lining.
Every crowd has a sliver lining - thief's moto.
Every crowd has one.
Every crowd is different.
Most crowds create scenes.
Most crowds hear men.
Most crowds take delight.
Some crowd rustle.
Some crowds compose of men.
Some crowds reach goals.
Some crowds watch horses.
Crowded accommodation is rather common among recent immigrants.
Crowded accommodation is relatively common for recent immigrants.
Crowded animals are more aggressive.
Crowded areas invite criminals, who create distractions.
Crowded areas invite criminals, who wait for or create distractions offering theft opportunities.
Crowded asparagus tends to steam rather than roast.
Crowded branches can also allow moisture to accumulate, creating the perfect environment for rot.
Crowded bulbs are less likely to produce a high quantity and quality flowers.
Crowded bulbs produce fewer and smaller blooms.
Crowded calendars mean that the prosecutor's staff is overworked.
Crowded campgrounds bring noise and traffic.
Crowded carrots become odd-shaped and dwarfed.
Crowded classrooms are the biggest immediate issue our schools face.
Crowded classrooms continue to dog school officials.
Crowded classrooms test the limits of even our best teachers.
More crowded components pose greater cooling challenges.
Crowded conditions can be unsafe without careful planning and monitoring.
Crowded conditions continue well into Virginia.
Crowded conditions make it easy for diseases to spread quickly.
Crowded conditions remain, however.
Crowded conditions tend to cause cannibalism among fishes and cmstaceans.
Crowded courts raise everyone's costs.
Crowded desktops are a petri dish for breeding repetitive strain injuries.
Crowded elevator smells different to midget.
Crowded equations lead to errors in composition.
Crowded equipment can be dangerous.
Crowded fields are especially challenging.
Crowded food takes longer to cook.
Crowded highways cause tailgating and near-collisions, they say.
Crowded incarnations are very temporary.
Crowded nations have higher densities than less crowded nations.
Crowded notes are hard to read and study.
Crowded pages are harder to read.
Crowded planes do have their uses.
Crowded plants are also more prone to disease problems.
Crowded plants are more susceptible to funguses.
Crowded plants compete for nutrients and water, resulting in fewer and smaller blooms.
Crowded plants maintain a moist environment at the soil line, favoring infection.
Crowded plants reduce air circulation which enhances leaf spot diseases.
Crowded plants yield poorly and are more subject to diseases.
Crowded restaurants are a regular part of the weekend.
Crowded restaurants play fast music to get their customers to eat faster.
Crowded rooms seem smaller than they are.
Crowded schools are a government problem.
Crowded seeds grow poorly and are more difficult to transplant later on.
Crowded seedlings become leggy and unhealthy.
Crowded seedlings become weak and spindly and are more susceptible to disease.
Crowded shrubs look like a single mass.
Crowded skies affect freight schedules.
Crowded starts are a part of cross-country and distance track races.
Crowded teeth can be unattractive and difficult to clean.
Crowded trees lead to diseased and dead trees, loss of watershed, and catastrophic fire.
Crowded voyages mean baggage stuffed in every corner, another hazard if the trip is a little rough.
Crowding are situations.
Crown City is on the left.
Crown closure is used as a measure of stand density and competition.
Crown corporations account for a significant portion of government activity.
Crown corporations are distinct legal entities wholly owned by the government.
Crown corporations are eligible.
Crown corporations undergo a special examination every five years.
Crown counsel presents evidence of the crime and tries to prove that the accused is guilty.
Crown entities are diverse in their functions, size and structure.
Crown entities balance.
Crown entities make up a significant part of the state sector.
Crown ethers demonstrate specificity for shape as well as size and charge.
Crown fire is forest fire
Crown fire is forest fire.
Crown fires are the most dangerous and destructive class of wildland fire.
Crown fires burn across tree tops which are also known as the canopy or crown.
Crown fires burn through the tops of trees.
Crown fires burn with huge flames and has intense heat and power.
Crown Fires can kill either pineland or hammock plants.
Crown fires come in two types.
Crown fires extend from tree tops to ground surface and re- move most of the vegetation.
Crown fires occur during the phase of highest fire intensity.
Crown fires occur on sites with high fuel loads.
Crown fires roar from tree top to tree top.
Crown fires spread quickly and are much more destructive than surface fires.
Crown fires spread rapidly by wind and move quickly by jumping along the tops of trees.
Crown fires tend to lead to dominance by jack pine on poor soils and aspen on good soils.
Some crown fire affects abundances.
Some crown fire kills colorado pinyons.
Some crown fire kills trees.
Crown gall attacks the vines near soil level.
Crown gall can be a veryserious problem for nurserymen.
Crown gall causes formation of roundish galls with irregular rough surfaces.
Crown gall is a bacterialdisease caused by Agrobacterium tumefaciens .
Crown gall is a difficult disease to control once a plant is infected.
Crown gall is a disease caused by a bacterial patho-gen, Agrobacterium tumefaciens .
Crown gall is a disease of apples and other members of the rose family.
Crown gall is a plant disease
Crown gall is a tumorous growth of tissue up to several inches or more in diameter.
Crown gall is actually a tumor, bacterial in nature.
Crown gall is caused by a bacterium that survives in the soil.
Crown gall is caused by Agrobacterium and related bacteria.
Crown gall is caused by the soil-inhabiting bacterium Agrobacterium tumefaciens .
Crown gall is characterized by galls or overgrowths that usually form at the base of the trunk.
Crown gall is controlled through preventive cultural and sanitation practices.
Crown gall is most damaging to young trees, either in the nursery or in new plantings.
Crown gall is most damaging to young trees, either in the nursery or new orchard plantings.
Crown gall is plant diseases.
Crown gall is recognized by the presence of rough galls or over growth on the roots, crown or canes.
Crown gall occurs as tumorous rough surface growths on roots and crowns of trees.
Crown gall refers to the formation of tumors on roots and crown of many dicots.
Crown galls are tumorous growths due to increased stimulation of cell division and enlargement.
Crown galls develop in the spring on the underground parts, the roots and crown, of the plants.
Crown galls differ from natural burls.
Crown glass is glass
Crown glass is much less impact resistant than other lens material.
Crown groups teach financial stewardship and responsibility.
A crown imperial is a bulbous plant
Crown imperials are woefully under-appreciated today.
A crown jewel is an assets
Crown jewels are valuables that belong to a king or queen.
Crown land adjoining the west side of the lake is leased by local farmers for pasture.
Crown land comprises approximately half of all land in New South Wales.
Crown land is basically government land.
Crown land is public land, unless otherwise stated, or restricted.
Crown lands are estates.
Crown lands are lands.
Crown lands are subject to all legislated policies, regulations, standards and guidelines.
Crown lengthening can also be useful for esthetic reasons.
Crown molding adds an elegant touch to a cornice.
Crown molding has small angled faces as well as a large flat spot on the back of the profiled face.
Crown molding is a decoration used to cover the area where the wall and the ceiling intersect.
Crown molding is used throughout the formal areas of the home.
Crown molding looks nearly identical.
Crown molding trims out the top cap.
Crown moldings have bevels on the back.
A crown of thorns is a crown
Crown of thorns grows best in a well-drained medium.
A crown prince is a prince
Crown prince dies, uncle becomes king.
Crown prosecutor sums up the evidence showing the accused did commit the offence.
Crown prosecutors renege on plea bargains.
Crown rust appears as orange leaf pustules and also causes yellowing and death of the leaves.
Crown rust causes the field to become yellow or brown in appearance.
Crown rust is a serious problem in oats.
Crown rust is a world-wide disease on wild and on cultivated species of oat.
Crown rust is one of the most destructive of all oat diseases.
Crown rust is severe on susceptible oat in southern Texas.
Crown rust is the most devastating disease in oat in the United States.
A crown vetch is a bush
Crown vetch has many characteristics that make it a tough exotic to control.
Crown vetch is an excellent choice for full sun.
Crown vetch produces long, narrow, finger-like seed pods.
Crown witnesses are the responsibility of the Procurator Fiscal.
A crown is a crown jewels
Crown can be laser engraved or imprinted.
Crown can later be razored-off, leaving top of filler flush with floor surface.
Crown consists of large, hard and elongated leaves that grow straight from the stem.
Crown darkens .
Crown deals mostly with corporate customers.
Crown die back occurs to compensate for the loss of feeder roots.
Crown extends to the base, dense and usually rounded.
Crown forestlands with the objective of stabilizing and growing the AAC .
Crown helps the supermarket chain realise productivity gains.
Crown is able to process only sweet crude.
Crown is conical under good conditions, irregular in stressful conditions.
Crown is conical, dense, layered and compact.
Crown is dense and rounded with branches often drooping.
Crown is dull gray, eyebrows are white, and eyestripe is dark.
Crown is no longer a character choice.
Crown is overlaid with a layer of chiffon in a gorgeous bright red, pink and gold print.
Crown is pine and placed in all areas except closets and vaults.
Crown is short.
Crown is thick and twiggy in youth.
Crown is well preserved.
Crown leaves of infected plants turn yellow and wither.
Crown lengthening adjusts the gum and bone level to expose more of the tooth so it can be restored.
Crown offers a variety of athletic outlets for participants and fans.
Crown raising removes lower branches to provide clearance for buildings, vehicles, etc.
Crown represents the best of Japanese latex technology, considered the most advanced in the world.
Crown reserves the right to change courses and fees without prior notice.
Crown rot can be a serious problem in durum wheat, as well as bread wheat, barley, and oats.
Crown rot causes spears to turn brown near the soil line.
Crown rot continues to be a major cause of tree death in Pennsylvania orchards.
Crown rot develops later in the season.
Crown rot from overhead watering is a fairly common problem in shade-grown plants.
Crown rot fungi often infect through wounds.
Crown rot is another common fungal problem of African violets that are overwatered.
Crown rot is another disease that can affect iris rhizomes.
Crown rot is favored by the warm, humid weather typical of Kentucky.
Crown rot is the soft decay of the lower half of the main corm and the thicker feeder roots.
Crown rot looks like a cob web at the base of the plant.
Crown rot occurs when the fungus grows into crowns from infected runners or petioles.
Crown rot usually leads to death of the plant.
Crown still has no affirmative action program.
Crown suggests, paying tribute to one of the original movie's famously laconic pickup lines.
Crowns also exist.
Crowns also work well to restore badly chipped teeth or ones that have lots of restorations.
Crowns are awarded or won at contests.
Crowns are broad and deep.
Crowns are coin.
Crowns are compressed stems such as on dandelions or African violets.
Crowns are easy to make out of colored paper.
Crowns are flat-topped and spreading, becoming more dome shaped as tree gains height.
Crowns are for queens, warriors.
Crowns are hats.
Crowns are only available for the unique design in the size specified for that design.
Crowns are part of hats.
Crowns are part of roads.
Crowns are part of tooths.
Crowns are part of trees.
Crowns are popular symbols in graffiti.
Crowns are propagules found at the top of the fruits.
Crowns are symbols.
Crowns are the portion of the tree with live branches supporting needles or leaves.
Crowns are the size of a quarter.
Crowns are the topknots of leaves on the fruits.
Crowns are tops.
Crowns are used for crowns.
Crowns are vertexs.
Crowns are wreaths.
Crowns assume a spheroidal shape with arbitrary height to width ratio.
Crowns can be touchy but they are also extremely gratifying to fly and major attention getters.
Crowns continue to thin.
Crowns cover teeth weakened by decay or severely damaged or chipped.
Crowns cover the tooth completely, fitting just at the gumline and protecting the remaining tooth.
Crowns fit around the outside of the pillbox.
Crowns frame the face and attached veiling is full in elbow or fingertip length.
Crowns have three types of mounting systems available.
Crowns look a bit like tangled spaghetti.
Crowns move arround and eat corals.
Crowns require more tooth structure removal, hence, they cover more of the tooth than veneers.
Crowns rot and die.
Crowns stand for authority and political influence.
Crowns usually form the general level of the canopy.
Crowns usually require two appointments before they can be completed.
Every crown created is subject to rigrous quality control to guarantee customer satisfaction.
Many Crowns are still in operation all over North America.
Most crowns have a tooth-colored porcelain exterior fused to a high noble metal base.
Some crown rot fungi produce toxins, thus weakening or even killing the plant.
CRPC research is both interdisciplinary and interinstitutional.
CRPE staff works with many of the major education reform efforts in the region.
CRSP data is also available in CD format.
CRTC brochures are now available that explain the role of the self-regulatory bodies.
CRTC sources insist there was no political influence behind the decision.
Cruched rock is left on the high-water bench beyond the river.
Some crucial areas are transportation and firling and clearing of equipment.
Crucial attributes are likely also to show up in the cultural conditioning of Japan.
Crucial definitions ought to be openly agreed on.
Crucial differences lie in each anthology's conceptual approach to the material.
Crucial events go unexplained . . .
Much crucial evidence is unrecoverable.
Some crucial factors determine strength.
Some crucial features affect ecology.
Crucial information is lost during phone interactions.
Crucial information is needed in order to see a point to the entire effort of creating a plan.
Crucial information is the length of the DNA molecule .
Crucial information is written in clear business English.
All crucial information has to be searchable at once, and interlinked.
All crucial information pertaining to the interlock operation is shown on the unit's front panel.
Some crucial issues involving secondary legislation remain to be addressed.
Crucial music deserves to be heard.
Crucial nutrients play roles.
Most crucial nutrients play roles.
Crucial parameters are identied and the sensitivity of the results discussed.
Crucial point is body size.
Crucial processes distancing females from science careers start in the family.
Crucial questions come up in the support group.
Crucial questions emerge.
Crucial scenes move fast, action scenes move faster, reflection is slow like a relaxing bath.
Crucial shipments arrive late.
Crucial systems are redundant and then some.
Crucian rum is known around the world.
Cruciate ligaments cross each other on the inside.
Crucible drawing is also possible.
Crucible liners reduce the thermal gradient across the evaporant material.
A crucible is a vessel
Crucible is a highly advanced raster image to vector format conversion application .
Crucible is always dangerous.
Crucibles also transfer the heat from the flame to the metal inside.
Crucibles are located in chemistry labs.
Crucibles are made of clay, aluminum, graphite, and silicon carbide.
Crucibles are made of steel, silicon carbide, and often clay graphite.
Crucibles are vessels.
A crucifer is a herb
Crucifers also contain brassinin and sulforaphane.
Crucifers are herbs.
Crucifers are insect-pollinated.
Crucifers help guard against bladder cancer.
Crucifers offer several advantages.
A cruciferous vegetable is a vegetable
Cruciferous vegetables are also fat-free.
Cruciferous vegetables are also high in fiber and low in fat.
Cruciferous vegetables are famous for their cancer fighting and prevention properties.
Cruciferous vegetables are part of crucifers.
Cruciferous vegetables are vegetables.
Cruciferous vegetables refer to plants that have cross-shaped leaves.
A crucifix is a Cross
Crucifixes can go through same process.
Crucifixs are crosses.
Crucifixs are religious symbols.
Crucifixs are work of art.
All crucifixes are to be extended for blessing.
Most crucifixes lack accuracy because they portray a partly clothed man nailed through the palms.
A crucifixion is an execution
Crucifixion is a devastating and demoralizing thing.
Crucifixion is a slow death.
Crucifixion is a slow, tortuous death.
Crucifixion is one illustration.
Crucifixion is the process where a person is nailed or bound to a cross or a stake.
Crucifixion is the torture and execution of a person by fixation to a cross.
Crucifixion means the giving up of the whole personality.
Crucifixions are capital punishment.
Crucifixions are executions.
Crucifixions are torture.
Crucifixions are torturing.
Most crude barite requires some upgrading to minimum purity or density.
Crude bark is crushed and used to make tea.
Crude bromine is separated from brine solution with air or steam and then purified.
Crude carvings remain at the base of the fireplace, of a bearded man and a heart.
Crude costs are the key factor in the price of gasoline.
Crude density is simply the number of people living per unit area and can be very misleading.
Crude drugs produce the opposite effects from the attenuated dose.
Crude fiber is a measure of the indigestible or non useful portion of a feed.
Crude fiber is only the indigestible cellulose and lignin portions of grains, fruits and vegetables.
Crude fiber is the maximum amount of raw fiber in the food.
Crude fiber is the residue remaining after successive boiling in dilute acid and alkali.
Crude fiber measures the cellulose and part of the lignin.
Crude fiber represents insoluble carbohydrate.
Some crude hydrocarbons affect integrity.
Crude inventories are meaningless if refiners don t manufacture enough of the end product.
Crude lacquer is used as the priming for lacquerware.
Crude language abounds.
Crude oil can also cause severe irritation of the skin.
Crude oil comes in many forms.
Crude oil contains a lot of sulfur.
Crude oil contains a mixture of gasoline, kerosene and heavy oils.
Crude oil continues to be an important factor in explaining price increases over year-ago levels.
Crude oil continues to climb upward in price as does natural gas.
Crude oil creates conditions.
Crude oil determines all retail prices for petroleum fuel.
Crude oil has a suffocating, toxic effect and is like a heavy tar.
Crude oil has components too thick, waxy and complicated for the bacteria to handle.
Crude oil has so much sulfur in it.
Crude oil includes lease condensate but excludes natural gas plant liquids.
Crude oil includes lease condensate.
Crude oil includes natural gas liquids and condensates.
Crude oil includes some pretty heavy hydrocarbons, and a pipeline can get coated with wax.
Crude oil is a liquid that comes from reservoirs below the earth's surface.
Crude oil is a mixture of hydrocarbons which belong to the alkane series.
Crude oil is a mixture of hydrocarbons with some oxygen, nitrogen, and sulfur impurities.
Crude oil is a mixture of many different hydrocarbons of different size chains.
Crude oil is a mixture of many different substances.
Crude oil is a mixture of petroleum liquids and gases in various combinations.
Crude oil is a very complex mixture of hydrocarbons with literally thousands of different molecules.
Crude oil is a vicious substance.
Crude oil is also the source of jet fuel for airlines.
Crude oil is an energy.
Crude oil is an important export.
Crude oil is bought and sold on world commodity markets at world prices.
Crude oil is carried in oil tankers or in bulk and oil carriers.
Crude oil is composed of molecules called hydrocarbons.
Crude oil is converted into useful products in a refinery.
Crude oil is fossil fuel
Crude oil is found in reservoirs below the earth's surface.
Crude oil is made by the earth from decayed plants and animals which lived millions of years ago.
Crude oil is made mostly of hydrocarbons .
Crude oil is made up a variety of hydrocarbons.
Crude oil is measured in barrels, abbreviated bbls.
Crude oil is now at a seven week low.
Crude oil is oil
Crude oil is only one factor influencing the retail price of petrol.
Crude oil is primarily a mixture of hydrocarbon compounds.
Crude oil is produced in small quantities for export from offshore and inland sites.
Crude oil is recovered by drilling holes as deep as five miles into the earth's crust.
Crude oil is refined for multiple uses such as automobile fuel and plastics.
Crude oil is refined in Abidjan.
Crude oil is still in heavy supply.
Crude oil is toxic if ingested.
Crude oil is unprecipitated.
Crude oil is used to make home heating oil, diesel fuel, jet fuel, and gasoline.
Crude oil is used to make liquid petroleum products like gasoline, diesel fuel, and heating oil.
Crude oil means any naturally occurring, unrefined petroleum liquid.
Crude oil produces many byproducts important to our lives.
Crude oil provides the starting materials for the manufacture of plastics.
Crude oil ranges in color from almost clear to green, amber, brown or black.
Crude oil rises in a murky cloud and blackens the stream where no fish swim anywhere.
Crude oils constitute over two-third of the country's total exports.
Crude oils range in consistency from water to tar-like solids, and in color from clear to black.
Crude oils vary in color , from clear to tar-black, and in viscosity , from water to almost solid.
All crude oil contains some amount of methane or other gases dissolved in it.
All crude oil goes through the crude distillation unit during processing.
Most crude oil creates conditions.
Most crude oil is recovered from geological formations through a pumping process.
Most crude oil lies in underground formations called traps.
Some crude oil affects germination growth.
Some crude oil contains materials.
Some crude oil is burned as fuel in stoves and boilers without processing.
Crude petroleum is a complex mixture of several organic molecules called hydrocarbons.
Crude petroleum is better than nothing.
Crude petroleum is imported for refining.
Crude petroleum is refined by fractional distillation .
Crude pottery is introduced, allowing food to be boiled instead of roasted on a fire.
Crude prices are lower than ever, putting pressure on downstream businesses to improve returns.
Crude prices continue to rule high.
Crude prices do fall over the near-term, but only gradually.
Crude protein is a measurement based on the nitrogen content of a feed ingredient.
Crude protein is comprised of both true protein and nonprotein nitrogen.
Crude protein is the basis for nutritional labeling on an international basis.
Crude protein is very sensitive to the stage of grass maturity.
Crude protein remains high, which means good supplies of rumen degradable protein in the grass.
Crude proteins reduce excretion.
Crude proteins reduce nitrogen excretion.
Most crude proteins reduce excretion.
Most crude proteins reduce nitrogen excretion.
Crude pyrethrum is a dermal and respiratory allergen.
Crude rate is number of cases over population at risk.
Crude rates are simply the ratio of mortality to population for any given year.
Crude rates are simply the ratio of total deaths to total population for any given year.
Crude steel produced from iron contains an undesirable amount of oxygen and some sulphur.
Crude stocks are much too low.
Crude technology is partly to blame.
Crude utilitarianism destroys.
Crude contains many different compounds with different properties.
Crude is fossil fuel
Crude is oil
Some crude still coats vegetation.
Cruelty arise through a end but drop basketball news magazine.
Cruelty be through most place once cast soap shoes.
Cruelty can include acts of physical violence and causing severe mental anguish.
Cruelty causes cruelty.
Cruelty destroys it.
Cruelty exists in Bemidji, Minnesota.
Cruelty gives way to beauty.
Cruelty hardens and degrades, kindness reforms and ennobles.
Cruelty hardens the heart and destroys friendships.
Cruelty includes both physical or mental cruelty.
Cruelty is a muscle.
Cruelty is a part of life.
Cruelty is a terrible thing.
Cruelty is a way people have of feeling strong.
Cruelty is abuse
Cruelty is at the extreme end of unacceptable animal treatment.
Cruelty is condemned by all great men.
Cruelty is contagious in uncivilized communities.
Cruelty is cruelty.
Cruelty is in evidence in professional sports as well.
Cruelty is in the heritage of the caste-elite in the country.
Cruelty is indivisible.
Cruelty is inherent.
Cruelty is located in war.
Cruelty is never acceptable, and some women do reserve the worst of it to use against their own.
Cruelty is one of the infinite facets of the sea.
Cruelty is out, for instance, as is the arbitrary use of force.
Cruelty is superstition.
Cruelty is the antithesis of hunting.
Cruelty is unacceptable.
Cruelty is unspiritual.
Cruelty is very contagious.
Cruelty occurs when people lose touch with the real world.
Cruelty only comes in where the punishment exceeds the requirements of the case.
Cruelty persists in all markets.
Cruelty reigns among apes and monkeys as well.
Cruelty wake in many bear as inform kids sneaker.
Cruelty often goes with war.
Cruelty often is a response to greater brutality.
All cruelty is immoral, whether to adults, children or animals.
All cruelty is wrong.
A cruet is a bottle
Cruets are bottles.
Cruets are extremely hard to find and in tact.
Cruets are hard to come by in crackle glass, especially with the original stoppers in tact.
Cruets are very hard to come by, especially all in tact with the original stopper.
Cruets are very hard to find in tact.
Cruise books are similar to high school yearbooks, only produced for a warship.
Cruise control cuts out when microphone is keyed.
Cruise control has a separate stalk on the right underneath the wiper stalk.
Cruise control is a great way to save gas on the highway.
Cruise control is also available on several models.
Cruise control is also standard.
Cruise control is an invaluable feature on American cars.
Cruise control is control
Cruise control is control.
Cruise control is easy to master thanks to the steering wheel-mounted controls.
Cruise control is introduced.
Cruise control is just for lazy people.
Cruise control is nice.
Cruise control is on the steering wheel.
Cruise control is optional also, and adds important variable-speed intermittent wipers.
Cruise control is optional on all models.
Cruise control is standard with all hydrostatic transmissions.
Cruise control is standard, and so is power remote door locks.
Cruise control is standard.
Cruise control is very common.
Cruise control keeps a car running at a constant steady speed.
Cruise control takes on a whole new meaning.
Cruise controls are also on the steering wheel.
Cruise controls are on the turn signal stalk.
Cruise controls are widely available.
Cruise holidays are quite inclusive.
Cruise lines approach Antarctica.
Cruise lines are much more likely to offer such compensation in place of cash.
Cruise lines are service companies.
Cruise lines are very different from any other form of travel.
Cruise lines differentiate between the disruptive and the merely difficult passenger.
Cruise lines discourage women from sailing within a few weeks of their due date.
Cruise lines do have last-minute cancellations as do hotels.
Cruise lines don t usually provide up-front cabins.
Cruise lines encourage moderation and safe drinking.
Cruise lines encourage moderation in drinking.
Cruise lines fit people's personalities like clothes fit their body.
Cruise lines hire dependable, competent people with outgoing, positive attitudes.
Cruise lines hire thousands of new people every year.
Cruise lines offer air packages and extended stays before or after the trip in the departure city.
Cruise lines offer classes in aerobics, step, yoga, dance and spinning.
Cruise lines offer FREE passage.
Cruise lines offer itineraries from three days to three months.
Cruise Lines offer itineraries from three days to three months.
Cruise lines offer voyages for every taste and fancy.
Cruise lines order new ships when times are good.
Cruise lines overbook.
Cruise lines pay only port charges, which is a fee that each port city charges to dock there.
Cruise lines post special offers and last-minute discounts on their Web sites.
Cruise lines provide one of the greatest environments in the world for doing fun things.
Cruise lines receive thousands of applications every week.
Cruise lines reserve the right to change their itineraries at their discretion.
Cruise lines take great pride in the food and ambiance that they offer their guests.
Cruise lines understand the importance of having a happy, stable work force.
Cruise lines use a onboard signing system.
Cruise lines vary their world cruise itineraries from year to year.
Cruise lines welcome groups.
All Cruise Lines Click above for a complete list of last-minute cruise markdowns.
All cruise lines impose cancellation penalties as the departure dates nears.
All cruise lines offer discounts for booking early.
All cruise lines offer special reduced airfares in conduction with their cruises.
All cruise lines offer special reduced airfares in conjunction with their cruises.
All cruise lines reserve the right to change itineraries without notice.
Many cruise lines compensate inconvenienced ticket-holders with several future offers.
Many cruise lines hire transient employees at low wages.
Many cruise lines offer a choice between first and second seating.
Many cruise lines offer day packages for tours and entertainment on land at ports of call.
Many cruise lines offer special promotional rates for early bookings.
Many cruise lines offer special rates based upon state of residence.
Many cruise lines serve the islands.
Many cruise lines take on international staff.
Most cruise lines accept all major credit cards.
Most cruise lines are now have nonsmoking dining rooms.
Most cruise lines call their cabins staterooms, although they really are cabins.
Most cruise lines change their pricing often with promotional fares being offered daily.
Most cruise lines complete it before pulling away from the dock.
Most cruise lines have early booking discounts.
Most cruise lines have no problem accommodating special diets.
Most cruise lines have special children's programs for a variety of age groups.
Most cruise lines have the ability to accommodate a large number of special requests.
Most cruise lines have their own web sites.
Most cruise lines have wonderful children's programs available on board ship.
Most cruise lines issue a list of suggested clothing for time on board and ashore.
Most cruise lines make a special point of providing supervised activities for youngsters.
Most cruise lines offer charter bus transportation between the airports and the port.
Most cruise lines offer early booking discounts for customers who plan ahead.
Most Cruise lines offer early booking discounts.
Most cruise lines offer onboard sports, but they do vary according to the cruise line and the ship.
Most cruise lines offer programs for children.
Most cruise lines offer room service as well.
Most cruise lines offer similar shore excursions in the same ports.
Most cruise lines offer some sort of early booking discounts.
Most cruise lines offer special programs, facilities and activities based on age.
Most cruise lines provide plenty of supervised activities for youngsters.
Most cruise lines provide supervised activities for all age groups from tots to teens.
Most cruise lines provide supervised activities, especially during school holidays.
Most cruise lines put together special honeymoon receptions- a fun way to meet other newlyweds.
Most cruise lines send a representative to meet and greet passengers at the airport.
Most cruise lines sponsor special activities for children during the day and evening.
Some cruise lines call at their own private island in the Bahamas.
Some cruise lines change architects as new ships are designed.
Some cruise lines fit into more than one style category.
Some cruise lines have cabins for singles with no single supplement.
Some cruise lines have environmental policies for ship and company operations.
Some cruise lines have gentlemen hosts on board only for cruises of more than seven days.
Some cruise lines offer babysitting, daycare and other child-friendly services.
Some cruise lines offer guaranteed rates.
Some cruise lines offer horseback rides to Mayan villages, heading through dense jungle.
Some cruise lines offer more extensive programs for kids than others, however.
Some cruise lines require even fewer.
A cruise liner is an ocean liner
Cruise liners are only too aware that mishaps at sea can mar the image of the entire industry.
A cruise missile is a bomb
A cruise missile is an aircraft
Cruise missile is missilia circumvagantia .
Cruise missile is ready to launch.
Cruise missiles are a very convenient method of attack for a number of reasons.
Cruise missiles are aircrafts.
Cruise missiles are bombs.
Cruise missiles are clearly the weapons of the future.
Cruise missiles are difficult to shoot down.
Cruise missiles are like artillery, which detonate at proximity, on command, or on impact.
Cruise missiles are missiles.
Cruise missiles are no panacea.
Cruise missiles are small, unmanned aircraftlike vehicles that fly at low, radar-evading altitudes.
Cruise missiles cost a million dollars each.
Cruise missiles cost millions for every shot.
Cruise missiles crest the horizon, screaming down upon an unsuspecting colony.
Cruise missiles exploit information age technologies to put a bomb on target.
Cruise missiles fly too low for most radar systems and they can manoeuvre at high speeds.
Cruise missiles happen.
Cruise missiles share some of the characteristicsof aircraft but display others that are unique.
Cruise missiles target immobile objects.
Cruise planners know what they are doing when they make the average trip last a week.
A cruise ship is an ocean liner
Cruise ships are available.
Cruise ships are bigger than ever.
Cruise ships are bizarre creations.
Cruise ships are certainly safer than land-locked Caribbean Islands during a hurricane.
Cruise ships are deservedly famous for their food.
Cruise ships are different, they are used for pleasure.
Cruise ships are inherently secure because they are a controlled environment with limited access.
Cruise ships are inspected twice a year and are then rated.
Cruise ships are just bus tours that happen to be on the water.
Cruise ships are like floating resorts with all the choices fine resorts can offer.
Cruise ships are like floating resorts with all the choices fine resorts have to offer.
Cruise ships are like floating resorts with all the same entertainment options.
Cruise ships are like floating resorts with all the things fine resorts have to offer.
Cruise ships are like floating resorts, with all the choices the finest resorts have to offer.
Cruise ships are like floating resorts, with all the things fine resorts have to offer.
Cruise ships are liners.
Cruise ships are located in sea.
Cruise ships are motorboats.
Cruise ships are notorious for their sexually uninhibited atmosphere.
Cruise ships are notoriously closed-mouth about employee wages and working hours.
Cruise ships are ocean liners.
Cruise ships are used for vacation.
Cruise ships are used for vacationing.
Cruise ships based in Houston or Galveston have an easy run to Mexico.
Cruise ships call at Banjul on their way to other West African ports from the Canary Islands.
Cruise ships call in weekly to the Islands and there are freight carriers.
Cruise ships call occasionally.
Cruise ships can be a very pleasant experience.
Cruise ships can tie up at the complex s own berths.
Cruise ships carry thousands of passengers annually thorough the Inside Passage.
Cruise ships charge extra for drinks, tours and they expect tips.
Cruise ships come and go.
Cruise Ships cover quite a bit of territory and are on a very regimented schedule.
Cruise ships depart daily for Mexico, Alaska and other destinations around the world.
Cruise ships depart regularly from downtown to explore Lake Washington's shores.
Cruise ships docking nearby make an interesting backdrop.
Cruise ships follow the sun.
Cruise ships have a full medical staff, and they get people of all age brackets and needs.
Cruise ships have several different dining rooms, snack bars, room service and midnight buffets.
Cruise ships have to sail with all or most of their rooms filled.
Cruise ships head to Antarctica with guest lecturers on board.
Cruise ships keep growing bigger, and more popular.
Cruise ships line the quayside in Skagway.
Cruise ships offer a variety of itineraries of varying lengths and comforts.
Cruise ships offer a wide variety of games of chance.
Cruise ships offer meeting spaces for a few or a few hundred.
Cruise ships pass by.
Cruise ships ply twice a week.
Cruise ships pose a special risk from a security perspective.
Cruise ships provide a lucrative industry in the United States.
Cruise ships sail regularly to Key West.
Cruise ships sail to every corner of the globe.
Cruise ships seem to provide a nearly ideal venue.
Cruise ships tend to anchor offshore and passengers are tendered into port.
Cruise ships travel over oceans to beautiful, faraway places.
Cruise ships visit throughout the summer along with other small craft.
All cruise ships dock at the Cayman's and at times over crowd the beaches.
All cruise ships have a variety of cabins from suites to inside cabins.
Many cruise ships are simply too large to fit below the bridge.
Many cruise ships feature a dance host program.
Many cruise ships have casinos.
Many cruise ships have no cabins for singles, but there are some that do - still expensive, however.
Many cruise ships stop over in Egypt as part of their African itinerary.
Most cruise ships have a cashless policy.
Most cruise ships operate as a cashless society.
Some cruise ships have arrangements with other hotels that have courts.
A cruise is a voyage
Cruise again is the star and producer.
Cruise arrives in the Vancouver city, British Columbia.
Cruise can also administer vehicles to drive around the game's levels.
Cruise can also mean to drive around slowly and aimlessly - something like hanging out while moving.
Cruise Click on picture to view map.
Cruise controls Environmental concerns trail Love Boats as they steam into Seattle.
Cruise cybergaynauts in our uncensored casual sex chat.
Cruise dates Start and end dates of data available for the cruise.
Cruise Deals Amazing offers on great cruise lines and sailings.
Cruise delivers an Oscar worthy performance.
Cruise describes being a producer as a real learning process.
Cruise Discounts Online - FREE expet advice, lowest prices, best service.
Cruise does a damn fine job with the action.
Cruise emerges as a revelation.
Cruise ends in Wuhan.
Cruise fare actual cost of cruise, excluding extras like air fare, gratuities, and port charges.
Cruise features bi-level casino, live bands, karaoke, skeet shooting, games, contests and more.
Cruise finds the meat of the role and never lets up on the intensity of the experience.
Cruise focuses on regional, natural and cultural history.
Cruise gets to play a good-guy cop with a conscience.
Cruise has plenty to beam about.
Cruise includes all meals, entertainment and more.
Cruise includes beer, wine, juice, soda and snacks.
Cruise includes buffet breakfast and lunch, casino, sundeck and full ship amenities.
Cruise includes continental breakfast, deli-style lunch, beverages and hotel transfers.
Cruise includes continental breakfast, lunch, dinner and all on-board activities.
Cruise includes dinner, drinks, live entertainment, and dancing.
Cruise includes experienced captain and some provisioning.
Cruise includes fine dining, scuba diving, snorkeling, fishing and sailing.
Cruise includes meal, party favors and complimentary champagne toast at midnight.
Cruise includes meals and accommodation.
Cruise includes ship hireage, professional skipper and crew.
Cruise inlets aboard a fabulous cruise ship.
Cruise is a devout scientologist.
Cruise is a Man on a mission.
Cruise is a pretty-boy.
Cruise is a real life computer generated character.
Cruise is a short brunette.
Cruise is a simple tour of a chosen city.
Cruise is a slick, compatible hero, and Newton a lively, beautiful addition to the cast.
Cruise is a strong advocate of segregation.
Cruise is both sufficiently earnest and magnetic to carry the lead role.
Cruise is gloriously well-used throughout.
Cruise is great, aside from the usual gripes.
Cruise is great.
Cruise is known on campus as a dynamic and passionate teacher.
Cruise is likely to fight that tooth and nail.
Cruise is of Irish, German and English ancestry.
Cruise is one of the many circuit celebs who now show up trackside.
Cruise is photographed only from the waist up.
Cruise is the front end of the whole anti-nuclear struggle.
Cruise is the front-runner.
Cruise is ultra cool.
Cruise lasts a week.
Cruise leads a mission that goes horribly wrong and leads to the deaths of most of the team.
Cruise likes setting fire to the enemy hideout.
Cruise lines international association members.
Cruise lines out of Miami report the best advance booking patterns in their history.
Cruise loves to go horse camping, and trail riding.
Cruise makes a convincing hero.
Cruise manages to hit all the notes.
Cruise mean turbulent fluxes.
Cruise means covering distance efficiently.
Cruise now wears a hooded cloak to spare unwitting onlookers from distress.
Cruise only includes port charges and fees.
Cruise plays an infomercial self-help guru offering sexual advice for other men.
Cruise remains one of Hollywood's top box office draws.
Cruise seeks out opportunities during a crawl through an empty and cold midnight Manhattan.
Cruise seems lost, confused and out of it for most of the night.
Cruise tries to escape the mission, but is caught.
Cruises are a great way for families to travel and see a variety of countries and ports.
Cruises are a great way for families to travel.
Cruises are a growing area for seniors, and are definitely no longer just for the sedentary crowd.
Cruises are a specialty.
Cruises are accessible for people with disabilities.
Cruises are actually less confining then land vacations.
Cruises are all inclusive.
Cruises are all-inclusive resort vacations.
Cruises are also at bargain prices.
Cruises are also available for two or more hours.
Cruises are also available.
Cruises are always for two people.
Cruises are always good.
Cruises are an hour in length with boarding beginning one-half hour prior to departure.
Cruises are an ideal setting for a family vacation.
Cruises are another popular and worry-free choice for honeymoons.
Cruises are available seven days a week.
Cruises are available through the marinas.
Cruises are available throughout the Caribbean, Bahamas, and Florida.
Cruises are available to other Bahamas destinations.
Cruises are available where the group has the option to perform on the high seas.
Cruises are better than car shows.
Cruises are beyond inexpensive.
Cruises are capacity controlled.
Cruises are casual by day, and in the evening, dress code varies and is dictated by occasion.
Cruises are casual during the daytime as are most shore excursions.
Cruises are cheaper because weather can be rainy and cool.
Cruises are convenient, safe, fun and relaxing for the whole family.
Cruises are easy vacations for parents and grandparents.
Cruises are educational and fun, offering children a chance to experience ocean wildlife firsthand.
Cruises are either four or seven nights, depending on how far they go.
Cruises are especially good at getting the damage done up-front.
Cruises are especially popular.
Cruises are five hours long.
Cruises are flexible.
Cruises are for one week and depart from Portland, Oregon.
Cruises are for six nights.
Cruises are fully inclusive of transfers, lunch, and use of all snorkelling equipment.
Cruises are good values.
Cruises are great options for a honeymoon.
Cruises are great.
Cruises are ideal for singles because it is so easy to meet people.
Cruises are liable for cancellation due to minimum booking required.
Cruises are lots of fun, and a number of the major cruise lines serve New Orleans.
Cruises are one of the very best vacation values.
Cruises are Only the Beginning.
Cruises are popular on many of the larger New York State lakes.
Cruises are seaborne packages.
Cruises are seven days, and ships typically spend three nights in the island.
Cruises are slightly different than all-inclusive resorts.
Cruises are subject to schedule changes, and are weather permitting.
Cruises are the best vacation value.
Cruises are the best way for new members to get to know others and join in the fun.
Cruises are the best, easiest vacations in the world.
Cruises are the largest growing segment of the tourist industry.
Cruises are the most relaxing way to spend a vacation.
Cruises are the perfect vacation, discount prices just make it better.
Cruises are the ultimate vacation.
Cruises are traditionally great places to meet some new friends.
Cruises are truly unforgettable, but with so much to enjoy, it's easy to get overwhelmed.
Cruises are value-packed vacations.
Cruises are very affordable compared to land vacations.
Cruises are very popular but difficult to buy at a reduced cost.
Cruises Avoid shipboard accidents.
Cruises begin and end at Valdez.
Cruises can be expensive, but they are a very comfortable way to see Alaska.
Cruises can range from three days to several weeks, and many offer children's programs.
Cruises can start in Miami or anywhere in the Keys.
Cruises connect cities of Mediterranean and Black Sea Harbors to Istanbul.
Cruises continue with normal itineraries.
Cruises covering historic and tourist interests are also operated.
Cruises depart and return from museum grounds unless prior arrangements are made.
Cruises depart daily and return late afternoon.
Cruises depart daily year-round.
Cruises depart daily, call for schedule.
Cruises depart from the boardwalk.
Cruises depart rain or shine.
Cruises depart three times daily.
Cruises exist for all budgets.
Cruises Find fabulous cruise deals featuring special offers and last minute deals.
Cruises give a family the ability to see lots of destinations without all the packing and unpacking.
Cruises go from Istanbul and Athens to various Turkish and Greek ports.
Cruises has one of the largest cruise inventories in the industry.
Cruises have a higher percentage of satisfied customers than any other vacation experience.
Cruises have all the meals included on the ship, and many land programs include most meals as well.
Cruises have it all.
Cruises have the highest level of satisfaction and represent the best value in a vacation.
Cruises Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Cruises here are five to seven nights long.
Cruises Includes all Caribbean cruise operators and websites.
Cruises is a more upscale, semi-formal, pampering value cruise line.
Cruises is the Fiji Islands premier live-aboard dive operation.
Cruises lasting several hours and including a meal also leave from there.
Cruises launch regardless of fireworks.
Cruises Learn about cruises and the cruise industry.
Cruises leave twice daily.
Cruises lend themselves to family time together and children's and parents' time apart.
Cruises make a great family and romantic vacation.
Cruises make an easy way to see lots of islands, and be pampered.
Cruises meet the criteria for comfort and safety, and after a day or so, familiarity.
Cruises offer a musical entertainment revue from professional entertainers.
Cruises offer the benefits of an all-inclusive vacation with the bonus of seeing a new place.
Cruises offer unlimited diving.
Cruises offer yet another way to visit the Caribbean.
Cruises operate from late spring through early fall.
Cruises operate rain or shine.
Cruises operate year-round.
Cruises provide a variety of activities such as fishing and photography.
Cruises range from three days to a year in duration.
Cruises run for anything from one to four hours with meals available on some trips.
Cruises run to the islands, weather permitting.
Cruises run year-round.
Cruises Sail into the sunset in style on a luxury ocean liner.
Cruises Sail the seven seas or cruise scenic rivers and inland waterways.
Cruises Taking a cruise is quite popular.
Cruises then book the quickest of any throughout the year.
Cruises vary from local trips to expeditions as long as two and one-half years.
Cruises vary in length from overnight to three months.
Cruises vary in length.
Cruises Visit our Cruise page for the ultimate in all-inclusive travel.
Cruises visit practically any destination accessible by water.
Cruises visit virtually any destination accessible by water.
Cruises Welcome to Aloha Hawaii Vacation web site.
All cruises sometimes have space available because of late cancellations.
All cruises are calm water.
All cruises are on all weather pontoon boats.
All cruises are subject to availability.
All cruises are subject to availablitiy.
All cruises are subject to port dues and taxes.
All cruises are subject to prior sale, change or withdrawal.
All cruises are weather permitting.
All cruises assure adequate opportunity for socialization.
All cruises board thirty minutes prior to departure.
All cruises come with one complimentary soft drink and snack.
All cruises come with soft drinks and snacks, and most come with a gourmet box lunch aboard.
All cruises depart from Northeast Harbors Town Marina where ample free parking is available.
All cruises depart from our port.
All cruises feature interesting narrations and offer refreshments and snacks.
All cruises feature live jazz, optional buffet, cocktail bar and gift shop.
All cruises feature live musical entertainment.
All cruises feature lively historic narration.
All cruises now require proof of citizenship.
All cruises provide relaxing voyages to some of the most exciting and exotic places in the world.
All cruises sail rain or shine.
All cruises weather permitting.
Every cruise features a lobster bake.
Every cruise features delicious cuisine.
Every cruise is different and each cruise line attracts different people.
Every cruise offers a selection of non meat fare.
Many cruise also stop at Iceland.
Many cruises are available, including daily cruises, kids cruises and three-hour dinner cruise.
Most cruises are at weekends.
Most cruises are primarily for nature expeditions.
Most cruises are two hours and end much too soon.
Most cruises beginning or ending at Rome include a hotel.
Most cruises consist of pulling ten lobster traps of five traditional styles.
Most cruises depart or arrive here.
Most cruises feature one or two formal nights.
Most cruises have an open ba r and entertainment, which can be fun or annoyingly overdone.
Most cruises involve dinner either before or after.
Most cruises last four to five hours and circle around the port.
Most cruises originate from warm-water ports.
Most cruises range from three days to several weeks.
Most cruises start near rail or coach stations.
Some cruises are on the Irrawaddy River.
Some cruises cross the ocean to India.
Some cruises have activities such as a sexy legs contest to get people in the mood.
Some cruises have family programs.
Some cruises have themes with special entertainment such as jazz, country, or western.
Some cruises offer dinner on board.
Some cruises offer live entertainment and can cater to almost any special event.
Some cruises originate in New Orleans, while other make New Orleans a port of call.
Some cruises pass Indian Island Light.
Some cruises sail calmer waters than others.
A cruiser is a military vehicle
A cruiser is a ship
Cruisers are cars.
Cruisers are eligible to share in cash prizes.
Cruisers are in a class by themselves, when it comes to comparison.
Cruisers are transient users, who travel at leisure on water, that is, who engage in cruising.
Cruisers are truckin'.
Cruisers are usually slower and larger and have longer range than frigates .
Cruisers are usually slower and larger and have longer range than frigates.
Cruisers are warships.
Cruisers are weapons.
Cruisers build to individual customer requirements.
Cruisers can usually hold one or two.
Cruisers come in all ages and in all situations.
Cruisers enhances teen's abilities to make sound, safe driving decisions.
Cruisers have base technology ratings.
Cruisers have the world at their fingertips.
Cruisers learn where to find the deals.
Cruisers take an off-ship Zodiac excursion to view icebergs up close.
All cruisers have a well designed fully-fitted galley helping easy food preparation.
All cruisers have boarding ladders permanently fitted aft.
Many cruisers are afraid of squalls.
Many cruisers are pleasantly surprised to find how sapcious they are.
Many cruisers enjoy the chance to get to meet others and go for the larger tables.
Many cruisers feel that a large table is a good way to get to know fellow passengers.
Many cruisers have more experience over long distances than racers.
Many cruisers scorn glitzy, mega ships and prefer the character and ambiance older ships offer.
Many cruisers simply tow the tender the entire way, while others prefer stowage on deck.
Most cruisers use two anchors here.
Cruising speeds are more efficient because fewer rpms are needed to stay on plane.
Cruisings are motoring.
Cruisings are vacationing.
A cruller is a cake
Crullers are thick doughnuts.
Crumb rubber is created by shredding tires into pieces one-quarter inch or less in size.
Crumb rubber is typically the rubber particle used for topdressing turf.
Most Crumb women are big and bossy.
A crumb is a bite
Crumb begins to look a bit saner.
Crumb starts out humping boots and ends up in a wild flying fantasia.
Crumbs are all over the place.
Crumbs are especially hard on both keyboards and mice.
Crumbs are inanimate objects.
Crumbs are located in floors.
Crumbs are located in rugs.
Crumbs are located in tables.
Crumbs are morsels.
Crumbs can remain at room temperature, covered.
Crumbs fall neatly into removable catcher.
Crumbs get into the keyboard and thus the motherboard.
Crumbs get into the keyboards, causing keys to stick.
Crumbs hide behind the kettle While a sleeping motor purrs.
Crumbs provides users with a toolchest for rendering and measurement.
Crumbs tend to drop between the keys and stop the terminals working.
Crumble bread slices on top of macaroni.
Crumble sandwich cookies in small batches in food processor, scraping often.
Crumbled bacon works well.
Crumbly rock pinnacles alongside the route near the top.
A crumhorn is a reed
Crumhorns have a characteristically sharp attack which is very effective in an ensemble.
A crumpet is a cake
Crumpets are cakes.
Crumpets are like English muffins, only lighter and more buttery.
Crumpets are toasted whole, while English muffins are split and then toasted.
Crumpets are worth searching out.
Crumpled paper is mostly air and takes up a lot of space in the bins.
Crunch time is fast approaching.
Crunch time is just around the corner.
Crunch time is now only a stone throw away.
Crunch time is time.
A crunch is noise
Crunch weighs six ounces and has a closed length of four inches.
Crunches are a great way to increase stomach strength.
Crunches are great for the abs and lower back.
Crunches are great, because of ease and technique, but here is one that is better.
Crunches are just as effective.
Crunches are shorter lifts that focus purely on tightening the stomach muscles to the lower back.
Crunches don t work.
Crunches help tone abdominals.
Crunches work well too.
Crunchs are noise.
Crunchs are shortages.
Crunchs are situations.
Every crunch corresponds to a flash that just occurred somewhere in the area.
Some crunchy cookies promote dental health.
Some crunchy cookies promote health.
Crunchy cookies take more effort to chew and process than soft biscuits.
Crunchy food includes cucumbers.
Crunchy foods are great stress relievers.
Most crunchy food includes cucumbers.
Crunchy pickles round out the experience.
Crunchy stem adds texture.
Crunchy texture helps fight plaque, helps with weight control.
Crunchy vegetables make it tasty and low in fat.
A crupper is a strap
Crupper is filled with flax seed, with produces an oil to prevent chaffing.
Crural glands are situated at the shoulder of the legs, extending into the body cavity.
A crusade is a venture
Crusade defines much of European activity for the high middle ages.
Crusade has very large shoes to fill.
Crusade is a great way to get on a campus.
Crusade is also a significant issuer of asset backed commercial paper into the domestic market.
Crusade is official.
Crusade is perhaps too fervent a word.
Crusade is the traditional choice.
Crusades are a defense of Jerusalem.
Crusades are all right.
Crusades are expedition.
Crusades are for curmudgeons and jihads are for jerks.
Crusades are good for ratings.
Crusades are huge in Nigeria - in numbers and frequency.
Crusades are projects.
Crusades are remedies.
Crusades facilitate trade in the East.
Crusades shows the violence, but never takes a position on it.
Crusades often have an overemphasis on the future.
Most crusades have at least a correspondence file and a forms file.
Crusader bugs can also be a serious problem.
Crusader bugs feed on a range of native and introduced plants.
A crusader is a person
Crusader also contains puzzles which undoubtly adds an additional interest to the game.
Crusader builds premium-quality inboard engines for the rugged marine environment.
Crusader gives four different movement options.
Crusader is ok, also.
Crusader keeps rolling along because it's got friends in high places.
Crusaders are warriors.
Crusaders believe in the spiritual unity of believers in Jesus.
Crusaders build a castle.
Crusaders deliver two blows per attack.
Crusaders divide the spoils, Venice taking the lion's share.
Crusaders express disagreement in unhealthy ways.
Crusaders is a friendly class of older members who enjoy the camraderie of friends.
Crusaders recapture Jerusalem.
Crusaders say they'll be much better, but it's time to prove it.
Crusaders sit outside.
Crusaders start wishing for the afterlife.
Crusaders sweep titles in singles and doubles.
A cruse is a jar
Cruse can help with support, counselling, education, advice and information.
Cruse can offer help and support after the death of someone close.
Cruse is open to people of all faiths and none.
Cruse volunteer to spend the first night there.
Cruses are jars.
Crush foliage has odor.
Most crush foliage has odor.
Crush parents entrust their student-athletes to a program that emphasizes learning.
Crush soybeans undergo fermentation.
Crush soybeans undergo yeast fermentation.
Most crush soybeans undergo fermentation.
Most crush soybeans undergo yeast fermentation.
A crush is a leather
Crushes are good.
Crushes are strange.
Crushes are used for large ruminants when they are vaccinated, examined or undergo other treatments.
Crushes are wonderful.
Crushes precast or cast-in place concrete, asphault, etc.
Crushs are beverages.
Crushs are compression.
Crushs are crowds.
Crushable foams are ideal for helmets designed for one hard impact.
Crushed bone added to wine is an old Taiwanese general tonic.
Crushed caramel is used as a topping for ice cream and other desserts.
Crushed eggshells are mostly calcium.
Crushed eggshells do the same thing, and in the spring have an added benefit.
Crushed filters take up less space in a landfill.
Crushed foliage has a disagreeable, mousy odor.
Crushed foliage has a peppermint smell.
Crushed foliage has cedar smell.
Crushed foliage has strong odor that is objectionable to some people.
Crushed glass releases lead-bearing particles, thus becoming an airborne hazard.
Crushed halite is used as a common table seasoning, commonly called table salt.
Crushed ice chills drinks faster because more of the ice's surface is exposed.
Crushed ice consists of small, irregular pieces made by crushing larger chunks of ice.
Crushed ice is also good for both hydration and nausea.
Crushed ice is an optional extra.
Crushed ice is broken more finely than cracked ice.
Crushed ice is covered over the bottom of a beaker.
Crushed ice is every bartender s friend.
Crushed ice is every bartender's friend.
Crushed ice is everywhere.
Crushed ice is excellent because it conforms to irregular areas.
Crushed ice is transfered through a refridgerated air blower.
Crushed ice is used in some instances.
Crushed ice works best.
Crushed kernels produce chunky particles.
Crushed leaves are aromatic.
Crushed leaves are aromatic.
Crushed leaves are used in poultices to treat snake bites and spider bites.
Crushed leaves have slight orange flavor.
Crushed limestone is used as a filter stone in on-site sewage disposal systems.
Crushed limestone is used in the blast furnaces which reduce iron ore to iron.
Crushed limestone is used on macadam roads.
Crushed limestone is used to make cement, plaster, and chalk.
Crushed malt is mashed by hot brewing liquer into mash tun.
Crushed mothballs tend to keep cats away.
Crushed rice is introduced at about two months.
Crushed walnuts sprinkled on cooked vegetables or salads are excellent.
Crushed waste are to crush at room temperature.
A crusher is a device
Crusher is fun for the entire family.
Crusher is mint and box is in very good condition with just a few creases here and there.
Crusher is very simple and intuitive to use.
Crusher run pad with concrete tie downs per New York State building code.
Crushers are devices.
Crushers continue to be relatively inactive.
Crushers do their job.
Crust bakes to a nice golden brown.
Crust contains oxygen.
Crust floats on a shallow upper mantle.
Crust forms barriers.
Crust forms physical barriers.
Crust has (part) asthenospheres.
Crust is a layer
Crust is covering.
Crust is layers.
Crust is part of lithospheres.
Crust is part of pizzas.
Crust isa region.
Crust stretches, warps, and cracks.
Crust tomatoes and add with juices.
Crusts are a sign of pyogenic infection.
Crusts are consistently impressive.
Crusts are least susceptible to trampling damage when soils are frozen or snow covered.
Crusts are thin.
Crusts can be the dominant source of fixed nitrogen in some semiarid ecosystems.
Crusts color the earth black, apple-green, blue, and tones of red.
Crusts form and fall.
Crusts form in the nose.
Crusts form inside the nose, and an offensive odor develops.
Crusts form on the wings of the nose.
Crusts too can vary from lattices, to crumbs, to full covers, to no covers at all.
Crusts sometimes form the bed surface for avalanches.
Most crust contains oxygen.
Most crust forms physical barriers.
Some crust causes erosion.
Some crust consists of boundaries.
Some crust consists of magnetites.
Some crust contains fractures.
Some crust covers pools.
Some crust is part of lithospheres.
Some crust is part of worlds.
Some crusts increase surface topography by forming pinnacles or pedicles.
Most crustacean animals are aquatic, which means they live in or around water.
Crustacean characters can reveal evolutionary history both by their presence and absence.
Crustacean larvae possess compound eyes.
Crustacean larvae possess eyes.
Many crustacean larvae consume microalgae as part of their diet.
Some crustacean larvae have types.
Crustacean s have exoskeletons.
Crustacean sensation Let's have a lobster fest.
Crustacean sexes are usually separate.
A crustacean is an arthropod
Crustacean is the common name for the any of a group of mainly aquatic arthropods.
Crustaceans adapt to a wide variety of habitats and ways of life.
Crustaceans also have several easily noticed quality-recognition points.
Crustaceans also live in both freshwater and saltwater.
Crustaceans are a major aquatic fish food.
Crustaceans are abundant in ponds and are easily spotted once the water warms.
Crustaceans are abundant with a variety of crabs, including the large sheep crab.
Crustaceans are also important members of benthic communities.
Crustaceans are also the only arthropods with two pairs of antennae .
Crustaceans are among the most behaviorally complex inver- tebrates.
Crustaceans are among the most prominent inhabitants of caves.
Crustaceans are animals such as lobsters and crabs .
Crustaceans are animals with hard shells made from many pieces for protection .
Crustaceans are animals with hard shells made from many pieces for protection.
Crustaceans are animals with jointed legs, a pair of antennae and an outer hard exoskeleton.
Crustaceans are animals with segmented bodies and armored skeletons.
Crustaceans are animals.
Crustaceans are aquatic organisms.
Crustaceans are arthropods adapted for life in water.
Crustaceans are arthropods.
Crustaceans are crustaceans.
Crustaceans are especially well-suited to life as scavengers.
Crustaceans are found primarily in water.
Crustaceans are invertebrates characterized by an external skeleton and jointed appendages.
Crustaceans are king here.
Crustaceans are located in oceans.
Crustaceans are located in water.
Crustaceans are mostly marine animals such as lobsters, shrimps and crabs.
Crustaceans are possibly at the risk of zinc phosphide poisoning.
Crustaceans are predominantly aquatic, breathing by means of gills.
Crustaceans are present too, like scampi or jumbo shrimp, served grilled or boiled.
Crustaceans are primarily aquatic.
Crustaceans are prized as food the world over.
Crustaceans are shellfish that have an external skeleton.
Crustaceans are specialized for life in water, and most pos- sess gills to obtain oxygen.
Crustaceans are the most numerous animals in the oceans, but some crustaceans live on fresh water.
Crustaceans are the only arthropods that have a. b. c. d. three pairs of legs.
Crustaceans are, like insects, arthropods.
Crustaceans become inactive.
Crustaceans biology and phylogeny.
Crustaceans can molt and shed their shells.
Crustaceans do it too.
Crustaceans everywhere breathe a sigh of relief.
Crustaceans freshwater and salt water shellfish species suitable for Mediterranean aquaculture.
Crustaceans have a body that is divided into three segments, a head, thorax, and abdomen.
Crustaceans have a hard, external shell which protects their body.
Crustaceans have a head and abdomen.
Crustaceans have appendages that vary in number.
Crustaceans have biramous appendages .
Crustaceans have biramous appendages.
Crustaceans have complicated life cycles sometimes involving four separate metamorphoses.
Crustaceans have five pairs of appendages.
Crustaceans have gills for breathing.
Crustaceans have many different body shapes.
Crustaceans have pincers called chelipeds.
Crustaceans have three major body parts .
Crustaceans have three major body parts.
Crustaceans have two pair of antennae.
Crustaceans have two pairs of antennae and usually have compound eyes with multiple lenses.
Crustaceans have two pairs of antennae.
Crustaceans have two to three body segments and jointed legs, as do all arthropods.
Crustaceans have two types of feelers.
Crustaceans have wonderful power to regrow lost parts.
Crustaceans lack immune memory and have therefore to rely on innate immune reactions.
Crustaceans live in all kinds of habitats.
Crustaceans live mostly in the ocean or other waters.
Crustaceans live primarily in the ocean, though there are freshwater ones too, like crayfish.
Crustaceans living underwater have gills.
Crustaceans look blackish while alive because the orange pink color exists but is hidden.
Crustaceans make up a considerable portion of the diet of ringed seals, especially young animals.
Crustaceans make up an extremely large class.
Crustaceans mostly live in water and have at least ten legs.
Crustaceans move by walking, usually along the sea floor.
Crustaceans play a host of different roles in the ecology of coral reef communities.
Crustaceans respire through gills.
Crustaceans respire via gills.
Crustaceans see the way humans see.
Crustaceans show a wide variety of body plans.
Crustaceans undergo metamorphosis from a nauplius larva.
Crustaceans always find sanctuary in fjords.
All crustaceans share a common type of larva called a nauplius larva.
Many crustaceans also have claws that help with crawling and eating.
Many crustaceans are available all year, but tend to be at their best in the summer.
Many crustaceans are consumed by humans.
Many crustaceans have a pair of statocysts for balance.
Most crustaceans are aquatic , mostly marine .
Most crustaceans are aquatic, either marine or freshwater.
Most crustaceans are aquatic, mostly marine.
Most crustaceans are aquatic.
Most crustaceans are dioecious , meaning individuals are male or female.
Most crustaceans are dioecious.
Most crustaceans are free-living, but some are sessile and a few are even parasitic.
Most crustaceans are free-ranging, like lobsters and crabs, and some even migrate long distances.
Most crustaceans are gonochoristic.
Most crustaceans are marine ani- mals, but some live in rivers and lakes.
Most crustaceans are mobile , but some become sessile after their larval stage .
Most crustaceans are mobile, but some become sessile after their larval stage.
Most crustaceans camouflage themselves by changing color to match the environment.
Most crustaceans have appendages or limbs that are split into two, usually segmented, branches.
Most crustaceans have five pairs of limbs.
Most crustaceans live in fresh or salt water.
Most crustaceans live in the ocean, and are one of the pillars of the global marine ecosystem.
Most crustaceans live in the water and include crabs, shrimp, lobster, crayfish, and barnacles.
Most crustaceans live in water, but some live on land.
Some crustaceans are significant parasites of other aquatic organisms.
Some crustaceans commonly eaten are the shrimp , prawn , lobster , crayfish , and crab .
Some crustaceans commonly eaten are the shrimp, prawn, lobster, crayfish, and crab.
Some crustaceans obtain food by eating dead, decayed, or rotten plants and animals.
Crustal blocks slide past each other.
Crustal material is very similar to dust.
Crustal organisms contribute nitrogen and organic matter to ecosystems.
A crustal plate is crust
Crustal plates separate at divergent plate boundaries.
Crusted blood is present at the nares.
Crusted grain can cave in unexpectedly.
Crusted port is bottled unfiltered, and sealed with a driven cork.
Crusted port is vintage or ruby port kept in bottles until it has formed a crustlike sediment.
Crusted soil makes it difficult for seedlings to emerge.
Crusted soil prevents the flowers from burying themselves in the soil.
Crustose lichens are common on rocks and tree bark.
Crustose lichens are highly variable in anatomy.
Crustose lichens are the most conspicuous species found on hot desert surfaces.
Crustose lichens are the most diverse and least noticed group of lichens in Missouri.
Crustose lichens are very difficult to remove from their substrates.
Crustose lichens are wafer thin and look like a paint stain on a rock or tree.
Most crustose lichens are small and drab and require a microscope for identification.
Crusty bread is a good choice for mopping up the delicious pan juices.
Crusty bread is a great addition to the meal.
Crusty bread is also another great accompaniment.
Crusty bread is always good for dipping in the sauce as well.
Crusty bread is essential to Tuscan cuisine.
Crusty bread stars in one version, a spicy antipasto mix in another.
Crusty breads are a universal match.
Crusty eyes are usually an infection.
Crusty lips indicate a virus disease, contagious ecthyma.
Crusty pizzas slide out of a flaming brick oven.
Crusty rolls are a nice addition.
A crutch is staff
Crutch fits into left hand.
Crutch is black powder coated from tip to tip.
Crutches allow some of the weight to be borne by the shoulders and the wrists.
Crutches are available for loan at no cost.
Crutches are bad but helping hands are necessary.
Crutches are beneficial.
Crutches are to be used until the patient returns for post-operative radiographs the following day.
Crutches have to be used to be effective.
Crutches keep the weight off the damaged limb until it is healed.
Crutches line the walls outside that chamber, left by cripples who walked away.
Crutchs are devices.
Crutchs are staff.
Crutchs are used for cripples.
Crutchs are used for help.
Crutchs are used for holds.
Crutchs are used for patients.
Crutchs are used for people.
Crutchs cause injuries.
A crux is a point
CRUX also broadcasts live concerts from the Phoenix area.
Crux competes through specialization.
Crux lies on the Milky Way and is surrounded by the constellation Centaurus on three sides.
Crux lies within a densely populated area of the Milky Way , and so in a densely starred region.
Crux points almost due north-south.
Cruxs are constellations.
Cruxs are points.
Cry babies are never wrong so they attack everyone who disagrees with their views.
Cry room is available in the north east corner of the sanctuary.
A cry is an utterance
Cries are constant that our world needs more good news.
Cries are effusion.
Cries are motivated by the goal of acting.
Cries are motivated by the goal of hurt.
Cries are often compelling.
Cries are sound.
Cries are utterances.
Cries echoes through the dark deep woods.
Cries emerge from hoarse throats.
Cries rang out from the merchants selling candy, soda water, ice cream, and pretzels.
Cry is a tribute to all black women, especially the mothers.
Cry sounds of the newborn infant.
Every cry means a heart break.
A crybaby is a person
Crybaby never learns.
Crying are crying.
Crying are events.
Crying are located in funerals.
Crying are part of life.
Crying are part of sadness.
Crying cause a desire to help.
Crying cause betters.
Cryluha soils are on sloping, dissected pediments, fan aprons, and toeslope positions.
Cryluha soils lack argillic horizons.
A cryobiology is biology
Cryobiologies are biology.
Cryobiology has more realistic applications for the space program.
Cryobiology is the science of preserving biological specimens at low temperatures.
Cryobiology is the science that studies biological activity at low temperatures.
Cryobiology is the study of living things at low temperature.
Cryobiology routinely is used to preserve tissues such as blood and skin.
Cryobiology seems frozen.
Cryobiology usually judges success by restoration of vital functions and spontaneous reanimation.
A cryocautery is cauterisation
Cryocautery destroys the abnormal skin by freezing.
Cryoconite holes appear as clear-ish or dark colored patches on the ice surface as the figure shows.
A cryogen is refrigerant
Cryogens are refrigerant.
Cryogens are to be handled by authorized personnel only.
Cryogenic accessories enable operation at liquid helium temperatures.
Cryogenic coolants pose certain health risks that are easily tolerated but important to consider.
Cryogenic enhancement is by no means new to the manufacturing industry.
Cryogenic enhancement is by no means new to the racing industry.
Cryogenic equipment includes cryogenic containers, sensors, and control systems.
Cryogenic fuels produce more energy, allowing lift of heavier payloads.
Cryogenic gases are capable of displacing air necessary for respiration and causing asphyxiation.
Cryogenic gases are fed into a cold box and distilled at very low temperatures.
Cryogenic gases are gases shipped and stored refrigerated and under pressure.
Cryogenic liquids are liquefied gases that are kept in their liquid state at very low temperatures.
Cryogenic physicists do it on the cold.
Cryogenic physicists do it on the ice.
Cryogenic physicists do it with a cold.
Cryogenic processing changes the crystal structure of materials to enhance performance.
Cryogenic processing involves lowering the temperature of an object to sub zero temperatures.
Cryogenic properties are also outstanding as well as elevated temperatures.
Cryogenic storage is also available for selected samples.
Cryogenic system is a helium flowing cryostat.
Cryogenic temperatures have little or no effect on either membrane.
Cryogenic tempering is also available.
Cryogenic testing requires grips that are strong and tough at cryogenic temperatures.
Cryonic stabilization is designed to minimize damage to and deterioration of the patient.
Cryonic suspension is a form of biostasis.
Cryonic suspension is expensive and offers false hopes.
Cryopreserved semen ensures the availability of sperm for insemination at the proper time.
Cryoprotectant toxicity is reduced at lower temperature.
A cryosurgery is an operation
Cryosurgeries are operations.
Cryosurgery appears to be more effective than current standard treatment options.
Cryosurgery appears to have significantly lower local recurrence rates in high risk patients.
Cryosurgery can be safer, cheaper, less painful and more effective than scalpel surgery.
Cryosurgery can effectively remove warts.
Cryosurgery destroys tissue by application of extreme cold in the form of liquid nitrogen.
Cryosurgery freezes the cells and laser surgery destroys the cells with a laser.
Cryosurgery freezes the tumor and kills it.
Cryosurgery has a significantly lower rate of urinary and fecal incontinence.
Cryosurgery has many advantages over standard surgery.
Cryosurgery has much lower complication rates in radiation failures than radical prostatectomy.
Cryosurgery involves freezing the prostate.
Cryosurgery involves freezing the tumor.
Cryosurgery involves freezing to remove excess or harmful tissue.
Cryosurgery involves much less removal of the normal liver than traditional surgery.
Cryosurgery involves the placement of a stainless steel probe into the center of the tumor.
Cryosurgery involves the same process, but the depth of freezing is much greater.
Cryosurgery is a method of killing tumor cells with extreme cold temperatures using liquid nitrogen.
Cryosurgery is a surgical technique that uses liquid nitrogen to freeze the skin.
Cryosurgery is a technique that uses cold temperatures with cryoprobes to destroy prostatic tissue.
Cryosurgery is a treatment option that involves the freezing of tissue.
Cryosurgery is a type of surgery that kills cancer by freezing it.
Cryosurgery is a type of surgery that kills the cancer by freezing it.
Cryosurgery is an ablative treatment that destroys abnormal tissue by freezing.
Cryosurgery is available for radiation treatment failures.
Cryosurgery is operator dependent.
Cryosurgery is painful and often requires multiple treatments.
Cryosurgery is the destruction of abnormal tissue using sub-zero temperatures.
Cryosurgery is used extensively for treatment of both primary and metastatic liver tumors.
Cryosurgery is used for clinically well defined in situ tumors.
Cryosurgery is used for local control of the tumor and as an adjunct to hormone therapy.
Cryosurgery is utilized for solar keratoses, and well-defined basal and squamous cell carcinomas.
Cryosurgery is very effective and is less expensive than other treatments.
Cryosurgery is widely available in gynecologists' offices for the treatment of cervical neoplasias.
Cryosurgery kills the cancer by freezing it.
Cryosurgery leaves little or no scar.
Cryosurgery offers some advantages over other methods of cancer treatment.
Cryosurgery produces better results than podophyllin or trichloroacetic acid.
Cryosurgery uses ultrasonic monitoring to direct a cold probe into the liver tumor.
Cryosurgery utilizes extremely low temperatures to destroy abnormal tissue containing cancers.
Crypotobiotic crust is the foundation of life in the high desert.
A crypt is a chamber
A crypt is a tomb
Crypt collapses, and so does the snowy mountaintop.
Crypt comes back with a superplex attempt, but can t nail it.
Crypt Here is an example of how to use the crypt program under unix.
Crypt is a beautiful lake backed with by a massive headwall.
Crypt is burial place of six bishops.
Crypt is much less secure than des.
Crypt uses it to help munge up the first argument.
Crypts also vary in size and composition along the intestine.
Crypts are also available in the mausoleum, one of the first built in Orange County.
Crypts are pits in the surface of the tonsil that are like deep narrow caves.
Crypts are rare in Saxon churches and suggests an Italian or a Carolingian influence.
Crypts are small, closed single lesions, usually very dark.
Crypts are straight lines.
Crypts are the site of intestinal fluid and electrolyte secretion.
Crypts are tortuous and crypt epithelium is piled up and contains frequent mitotic figures.
Crypts pupate in sheltered places on stems or on the greenhouse structures.
Crypts vary in size, however common crypt sizes are either single or double.
Some crypts are cystic.
Some crypts penetrate deep into the lymphoid tissue.
A cryptanalysis is science
Cryptanalysis studies the breaking of cryptosystems.
A cryptanalyst is an intellectual
Every cryptanalyst has access to character frequency tables for statistical analysis.
Cryptanalytic methods are introduces.
Cryptic abbreviations are extremely undesirable.
Cryptic access is in the left column of every page.
Cryptic ambiguity is precluded by thwarting interdepartmental proximity dissidence.
Cryptic animals tend to be overlooked in studies of biodiversity and ecological risk assessment .
Cryptic behavior is their main defense as few are poisonous.
Cryptic coloration exists in some forms.
Cryptic coloration is a type of camouflage.
Cryptic coloration is common in birds but many have bright patterns.
Cryptic coloration is protective coloration
Cryptic coloration is their principle defense mechanism against predators.
Cryptic coloration is very general in the animal kingdom.
Cryptic coloration provides camouflage, hiding the animal from predators.
Cryptic crosswords are very interesting.
Cryptic definitions are definitions written in some deceitful way.
Cryptic names are hard to remember.
Cryptic papers risk to be misunderstood and hence misgraded .
Cryptic signals flash across from pilots in the fast lane.
Many cryptic species exist in all habitats .
Many cryptic species exist in all habitats.
Crypto bill lightens up .
Most crypto farms seem to go to great lengths to appear strait-laced.
Crypto policy can be a complicated, mind-numbing, and arcane issue.
Most crypto products are insecure.
Cryptobiosis is defined as a state in which metabolic activities come to a reversible standstill.
Cryptobiotic crust is a fragile layer of life covering undisturbed soil.
Cryptobiotic crust is also extremely vulnerable to mountain bicycle and horse travel.
Cryptobiotic crust is the foundation of life in the high desert.
Cryptobiotic soil is a living groundcover that forms the foundation of high desert plant life.
Cryptobiotic soil is very fragile.
Cryptocaryon infection can be difficult to diagnose.
Cryptococcal disease is caused by a fungus.
Cryptococcal meningitis is a serious illness that can be fatal if left untreated.
Cryptococcal meningitis is a serious infection.
Cryptococcal meningitis is a very serious fungal infection.
Cryptococcal meningitis is hard to treat, so it is very serious.
Cryptococcal meningitis is inflammation of the linings of the brain or spinal cord.
A cryptococcosis is mycosis
Cryptococcosis occurs worldwide in many species, but cats are affected most frequently.
Cryptocoryne lingua grows in Sarawak, Borneo.
A cryptogam is a plant
Cryptogams also play a significant role in enhancing surface soil stability and water infiltration.
Cryptogams are also subject to illegal harvest.
Cryptogams are lower plants or plant-like organisms that reproduce by spores.
Cryptogams are plants.
Cryptogams have both direct and indirect effects on seedling growth.
A cryptogram is a writing
Cryptograms are extremely susceptible to human impact.
A cryptograph is code
Cryptograph provides line drawings of a famous people and an encrypted, powerful quotation.
Cryptographs are devices.
A cryptographer is an intellectual
Cryptographer is completely and totally free.
Cryptographers also base the security of codes on the difficulty of computing ECDLs.
Cryptographers are people.
Cryptographers are professionals.
Cryptographers detect and interpret codes.
Cryptographers do it secretly.
Cryptographers find better algorithms and optimizations.
Cryptographers now have a new mathematical field on which to exercise their schemes.
Cryptographers say all digital-rights management systems are eventually defeated.
Cryptographic algorithms are an essential part in network security.
Cryptographic algorithms are the basic building blocks upon which protocols are built.
Cryptographic algorithms are wappons and simular bullshit.
Some cryptographic algorithms rely on the difficulty of factoring large numbers.
Cryptographic authentication does nothing to protect the privacy of the communication itself.
Cryptographic authentication fails.
Cryptographic checksums can provide some additional security.
Cryptographic keys are difficult to manage securely.
Cryptographic keys are under exclusive control of the user alone.
Cryptographic methods are of outstanding importance for efficient technical crime protection.
Cryptographic protocols require unambiguous data representation.
Some cryptographic protocols allow anonymity.
Cryptographic signatures are the only way to establish identities on the Internet.
Cryptographic software is essential to development of commerce in information.
Cryptographic software needs good random numbers.
Cryptographic software protects information and identifies who made the information.
Cryptographic systems are now available around the world.
Cryptographic systems tend to involve both an algorithm and a secret value.
Many cryptographic systems use a type symmetrical key called a session key.
Cryptographic techniques are of obvious value to the military.
Cryptographic techniques are precise, but also lengthy and error-prone.
Cryptographic techniques can be a burden on the processing power of a server.
Cryptographic technologies are at the heart of information security.
All cryptographic technologies make use of sophisticated mathematical techniques.
Cryptographic textbooks suggest XOR'ing the bits in message and key.
Some cryptography algorithms are the same between the two protocols, but others differ.
Cryptography allows a series of operations or actions on data.
Cryptography breaks assorted network management tools.
Cryptography breaks compression.
Cryptography can be powerful tool in the protection of our privacy.
Cryptography can help criminals hide their activities.
Cryptography can help prevent penetration from the outside.
Cryptography can help, but good crypto built into vulnerable operating systems is itself vulnerable.
Cryptography can increase the security of computers and modern telecommunication systems.
Cryptography can provide secure and confidential communications over otherwise untrusted networks.
Cryptography comes from the Greek words hidden or secret and writing.
Cryptography cuts across the law in many interesting ways.
Cryptography deals with making communications secure.
Cryptography enables people to protect their communications.
Cryptography enables that protection.
Cryptography ensures confidentiality by coding a message using a secret key and an algorithm.
Cryptography guarantees the confidentiality of the transmission.
Cryptography helps by keeping that secret private during the authentication process.
Cryptography helps provide accountability, fairness, accuracy, and confidentiality.
Cryptography is a branch of mathematics.
Cryptography is a complex, even arcane subject for laypeople and non techno-heads to read about it.
Cryptography is a data protection technology just as gloves are a hand protection technology.
Cryptography is a defensive mechanism, particularly against electronic warfare attacks.
Cryptography is a fundamental tool in a comprehensive data security system.
Cryptography is a highly specialised task demanding skills in mathematics and computer science.
Cryptography is a long way from where the real security problem is.
Cryptography is a primary tool for securing computers and networks against adversaries.
Cryptography is a sensible and economic way of making the Internet secure.
Cryptography is a technique identified for maintaining the economic and moral rights of creators.
Cryptography is a very old science.
Cryptography is a very political technology.
Cryptography is a writing
Cryptography is an adversarial science.
Cryptography is an applied subject.
Cryptography is an arcane science, baffling to mathematically-unsophisticated laymen.
Cryptography is an area of applied mathematics, just as many areas of computer science are.
Cryptography is an area of mathematics which is growing in importance.
Cryptography is an effective way to enforce privacy.
Cryptography is an essential enabling technology for electronic commerce.
Cryptography is an ideal candidate.
Cryptography is an ideal way to keep mentally alert.
Cryptography is an indispensable tool to achieve privacy.
Cryptography is an international science.
Cryptography is another company that provides strong support for the academic world.
Cryptography is another means of protecting the content in email messages.
Cryptography is covered, but only as part of the broader picture and without any mathematics at all.
Cryptography is critical to establishing secure e-commerce.
Cryptography is critical to providing truly secure transactions.
Cryptography Is Expensive.
Cryptography is for privacy protection.
Cryptography is hard.
Cryptography is however, reluctant to work on such matters.
Cryptography is important in maintaining electronic privacy.
Cryptography is in many ways, the revolution of today.
Cryptography is information hiding.
Cryptography is just a tiny part of that.
Cryptography is like that.
Cryptography is more concerned with cryptosystems that are computationally infeasible to break.
Cryptography is nearly as old as the written word.
Cryptography is necessary to connect companies and the gouverment into the networks.
Cryptography is now essentially a solved field.
Cryptography is one of the central components of information security.
Cryptography is one of the main technological tools.
Cryptography is only helpful if used as part of a larger security picture.
Cryptography is practiced by cryptographers.
Cryptography is science that use the mathematics to encrypt and decrypt data.
Cryptography is such an advance.
Cryptography is the art and science of keeping files and messages secure.
Cryptography is the art of creating and using cryptosystems.
Cryptography is the art of secretly communicating over insecure channels.
Cryptography is the art of writing or deciphering messages in code.
Cryptography is the art or science of keeping a message secret.
Cryptography is the art or science of keeping messages secret.
Cryptography is the assault weapon of the Internet.
Cryptography is the basis of almost all electronic commerce.
Cryptography is the discipline of encoding messages with a cipher.
Cryptography is the enciphering and deciphering of messages.
Cryptography is the encryption of telecommunications.
Cryptography is the great equalizer in the world.
Cryptography is the key technology to gain security and trust.
Cryptography is the key tool for computer system security.
Cryptography is the last line of defence against such attack.
Cryptography is the latest case in point.
Cryptography is the mathematics of security.
Cryptography is the modern, mathematically based version of the ancient art of secret codes.
Cryptography is the most important technological safeguard for ensuring privacy and security.
Cryptography is the most powerful single tool that users can use to secure the Internet.
Cryptography is the new munition.
Cryptography is the only available tool to secure that information at every stage.
Cryptography is the practice of writing in some form of code.
Cryptography is the process of writing in or deciphering secret code.
Cryptography is the science of conducting secure communication.
Cryptography is the science of keeping written messages secret.
Cryptography is the science of protecting data.
Cryptography is the science of secret writing, especially codes and ciphers.
Cryptography is the science of secret writing.
Cryptography is the science of securing information.
Cryptography is the solution to counteract such threats.
Cryptography is the study of ciphers.
Cryptography is the study of codes to protect the security of messages sent on open channels.
Cryptography is the study of hidden writing, or the science of encrypting and decrypting text.
Cryptography is the study of mathematical techniques used to make codes for information security.
Cryptography is the study of secret writing such as codes and ciphers.
Cryptography is the use of language in the second sense.
Cryptography is the use of secret codes to achieve desired levels of confidentiality and integrity.
Cryptography is the use of secret codes to protect information.
Cryptography is used for two different but related purposes in electronic commerce.
Cryptography is used in most digital money schemes in many different ways.
Cryptography is used to protect e-mail messages, credit card information, and corporate data.
Cryptography is very important to the continued growth of the Internet and electronic commerce.
Cryptography is very vigorous.
Cryptography is writing.
Cryptography is, however, needed as part of the total system security picture.
Cryptography is, in some ways, the heart of keeping information secure.
Cryptography lends itself to criminal activity and subversive warfare.
Cryptography means hidden writing.
Cryptography occurs when a message is written in a code and converted to regular text on the screen.
Cryptography offers mechanisms for authentication and privacy.
Cryptography offers virtually unbreakable systems for security on open networks.
Cryptography plays an important role in the story, but no technical knowledge is assumed.
Cryptography promises to secure Internet communications.
Cryptography protects both information and access rules in storage and during distribution.
Cryptography protects information stored and transferred by computers to a very high degree.
Cryptography provides assurance on the validity and ownership of the data that's encrypted.
Cryptography provides mechanisms for such procedures.
Cryptography provides three services that are crucial in secure programming.
Cryptography scrambles all messages and makes it difficult for anyone to decypher their contents.
Cryptography solves problems that involve secrecy, authentication, integrity, and dishonest people.
Cryptography solves some of the problems as far as transmitted information is concerned.
Cryptography therefore needs to be seen in the overall context of IT security.
Cryptography uses prime numbers , and needs to test if a certain number is prime .
Cryptography uses prime numbers, and needs to test if a certain number is prime.
Cryptography uses really, really, really big prime numbers.
A cryptologist is an intellectual
Most cryptologists have a graduate degree.
A cryptology is science
Cryptology comprises the interrelated areas of cryptography and cryptanalysis.
Cryptology is a branch of mathematics which deals with both cryptography and cryptoanalysis.
Cryptology is a secret world.
Cryptology is almost like witch-craft.
Cryptology is the science that embraces both cryptography and cryptanalysis.
Cryptology is the study of both cryptography and cryptanalysis.
Cryptology is the study of cryptography and cryptanalysis.
Cryptology is the study of data security.
Cryptomonad is algae
Cryptomonads are natural experiments in genome miniaturization and cell simplification.
Cryptophytes are similar and also abundant.
Cryptorchidism can occur alone, however, and is also present in some genetic syndromes.
Cryptorchidism can occur in some family lines.
Cryptorchidism greatly increases the dog's risk of testicular cancer and torsion.
Cryptorchidism is a common childhood disorder.
Cryptorchidism is a condition in which the testes fail to descend.
Cryptorchidism is a developmental defect in both animals and humans.
Cryptorchidism is an abnormality
Cryptorchidism is an example of a sex-limited trait.
Cryptorchidism is defined as the absence of one or both testes in the scrotum after one year of age.
Cryptorchidism is diseases.
Cryptorchidism is distinct from monorchism , the condition of having only one testicle.
Cryptorchidism is rarer in cats than it is in dogs.
Cryptorchidism is the absence of one or both testes from the scrotum .
Cryptorchidism is the failure of one or both of the testicles to descend into the scrotum.
Cryptorchidism is the failure of one or both testes to descend into the scrotum.
Cryptorchidism is the failure of one or both testicles to descend from the abdomen.
Cryptorchidism is the failure of the testicles to descend into the scrotum.
Cryptorchidism is the main genital abnormality.
Cryptorchidism is thought to be an inherited defect, and can be seen in any breed.
Cryptorchidism occurs at a much higher rate in a large number of congenital malformation syndromes .
Cryptorchidism occurs in some cases.
Crystal aggregates consist of spherical rosettes with jutting pointed crystals.
A crystal ball is a ball
Crystal ball gazing in print is risky but fun.
Crystal balls are always in short supply.
Crystal balls are an extremely scarce commodity.
Crystal balls are balls.
Crystal balls are cloudy on that one.
Crystal balls are cute, cosy, make great ornaments, and feel realer than some of the other methods.
Crystal balls are more expensive the bigger they get.
Crystal balls are notoriously flawed.
Crystal balls are now as popular as polished eggs.
Crystal balls are one means of divination.
Every crystal ball has blind spots.
Crystal Beach is a traveler's paradise.
Crystal castles float above the surface of the moon, and a new sinister face has appeared on Mars.
Crystal chandeliers are customary in Greek churches and synagogues sparkle between the arches.
Crystal chandeliers are the ultimate in lighting elegance.
Crystal chandeliers hang from an old-fashioned white tin roof.
Crystal chandeliers hang from coved ceilings with gold leafed cornice moldings.
Crystal chandeliers hang from covered ceilings with gold-leafed cornice moldings.
Crystal chandeliers hang overhead while diners sit in comfortable upholstered armchairs.
Crystal chandeliers reflect sunlight by day, candlelight by night.
Crystal City is located in a remote part of the State of Texas.
Crystal clusters appear as tiny orange or red dots on the white agate rind.
Crystal clusters are also helpful to organize scattered thoughts and to deflect negative energies.
Crystal Creek floods the town.
Crystal Creek is on the left.
Crystal cruise is a luxury six star Cruise line.
Crystal defects have a profound effect on macroscopic properties of materials.
Crystal defects seem to cause the popcorn noise when the diode is substantially depleted.
Most crystal engineering is done with hydrogen bonding.
Crystal eyes is also available on the desk top.
Crystal filter is also home brew.
Crystal form is modified octahedral.
Crystal form is rare, although it is in the orthorhombic crystal system.
Crystal form is six-sided prism tapering at end, with prism faces striated transversely.
Crystal form is the geometric shape of the solid.
Some crystal forms antifreeze.
Crystal formations form from solutions, the combination of one state of matter into another.
Crystal glass is famous, and expensive.
Crystal growth can occur only after nuclei are formed.
Crystal growth disrupts the surface, obscuring the artist's touch and distancing the maker.
Crystal growth is a precarious balance between crystallization and dissolution.
Crystal growth is accomplished by repeated pattern, results in shape and physical properties.
Crystal growth is affected by four naturally occurring factors.
Crystal growth occurs from a saturated solution.
Crystal habit refers to the overall shape of crystal.
Crystal healing can be very dramatic when used appropriately.
Crystal healing is a cure of the root problem which caused the illness.
Crystal healing is a physical, emotional, and mental process.
Crystal healing is inherently holistic at the deepest level.
Crystal healing is vibrational.
Crystal healing serves no medical or scientific purpose.
Crystal healing supports all forms of treatment, both orthodox and complementary.
Crystal jellies are one of the more popular species for display at public aquariums.
Crystal Lake is a just a five-minute walk away .
Crystal Lake is a scenic spot only a few blocks from the church.
Crystal Lake is a state-owned lake located in Hancock County, Iowa.
