Participants are responsible for assigned chapter readings.
Participants are responsible for attending class and taking scheduled examinations.
Participants are responsible for attending three preparatory and one follow-up meeting.
Participants are responsible for booking their own hotel accommodations.
Participants are responsible for booking their own room.
Participants are responsible for bringing and configuring the aggregation devices.
Participants are responsible for bringing or financing their own lunch.
Participants are responsible for bringing their favorite snack foods.
Participants are responsible for bringing their own camera equipment and film.
Participants are responsible for calling and getting their match times.
Participants are responsible for canceling their own hotel reservations.
Participants are responsible for carrying their own luggage.
Participants are responsible for cleaning up their area.
Participants are responsible for completing and submitting the forms.
Participants are responsible for cost of dinner separately.
Participants are responsible for covering all tuition and miscellaneous costs in full.
Participants are responsible for covering their own registration fee, travel and subsistence costs.
Participants are responsible for covering transportation costs.
Participants are responsible for damage.
Participants are responsible for dining and hotels.
Participants are responsible for dinner arrangements.
Participants are responsible for expenditures related to travel, meals, and incidental expenses.
Participants are responsible for film processing.
Participants are responsible for finalizing their own accomodations.
Participants are responsible for finding their own copies of the works.
Participants are responsible for finding their own housing.
Participants are responsible for finding their own scheduled contest.
Participants are responsible for food and personal camping gear.
Participants are responsible for food, accommodations and film developing costs.
Participants are responsible for getting the swim test taken care of on their own.
Participants are responsible for getting themselves to and from the program.
Participants are responsible for hotel and transportation expenses.
Participants are responsible for hotel and travel arrangements .
Participants are responsible for hotel incidentals.
Participants are responsible for incidentals such as in-room movies, phone calls, and so forth.
Participants are responsible for individual rooms and bathrooms during their stay.
Participants are responsible for individual transportation.
Participants are responsible for individual travel and hotel accommodations.
Participants are responsible for keeping their spectators under control.
Participants are responsible for loan payments during the deferment period.
Participants are responsible for lodging and travel arrangements.
Participants are responsible for lodging and travel.
Participants are responsible for lodging, meals, film processing and transportation.
Participants are responsible for lunch and parking.
Participants are responsible for lunch.
Participants are responsible for making all dinner and lodging reservations.
Participants are responsible for making any such arrangements themselves.
Participants are responsible for making hotel reservations.
Participants are responsible for making lodging and transportation arrangements.
Participants are responsible for making their own arrangements for travel and accommodations.
Participants are responsible for making their own arrangements.
Participants are responsible for making their own child care arrangements.
Participants are responsible for making their own health insurance arrangements.
Participants are responsible for making their own hotel and travel arrangements.
Participants are responsible for making their own hotel and travel reservations.
Participants are responsible for making their own hotel arrangements.
Participants are responsible for making their own hotel reservation.
Participants are responsible for making their own hotel reservations if needed.
Participants are responsible for making their own hotel reservations.
Participants are responsible for making their own housing and transportation arrangements.
Participants are responsible for making their own housing arrangements in the area.
Participants are responsible for making their own housing arrangements.
Participants are responsible for making their own housing reservations.
Participants are responsible for making their own lodging arrangements.
Participants are responsible for making their own lodging reservations.
Participants are responsible for making their own motel reservations.
Participants are responsible for making their own reservations directly with the hotel.
Participants are responsible for making their own reservations, guarantees and payment arrangements.
Participants are responsible for making their own reservations.
Participants are responsible for making their own room reservations.
Participants are responsible for making their own roommate and hotel arrangements.
Participants are responsible for making their own travel and hotel reservations.
Participants are responsible for making their own travel and lodging arrangements.
Participants are responsible for making their own travel arrangements to the U.S. departure city.
Participants are responsible for making their own travel arrangements.
Participants are responsible for making their own travel arrange-ments.
Participants are responsible for making their own way to the Isle of Man.
Participants are responsible for meals, lodging, and travel to and from the village.
Participants are responsible for missing and damaged equipment.
Participants are responsible for obtaining a valid passport before departure.
Participants are responsible for obtaining additional funding if necessary.
Participants are responsible for obtaining and paying the fees for their passport.
Participants are responsible for obtaining and paying the fees for their passports.
Participants are responsible for obtaining copies of the texts.
Participants are responsible for obtaining prior management approval before registering.
Participants are responsible for obtaining their own funding.
Participants are responsible for ongoing communications with their advisors.
Participants are responsible for other expenses.
Participants are responsible for overnight accommodations.
Participants are responsible for own computers, modem, telephone line fees.
Participants are responsible for own transportation to and from the camp.
Participants are responsible for parking fees.
Participants are responsible for paying all costs related to travel in addition to tuition and fees.
Participants are responsible for paying for all other meals and snacks.
Participants are responsible for paying for any incidental services.
Participants are responsible for paying for meals, travel, and hotel accommodations.
Participants are responsible for paying for other expenses.
Participants are responsible for paying for their own airfare or other travel to the program site.
Participants are responsible for paying for their own refreshments.
Participants are responsible for paying for their own travel expenses.
Participants are responsible for paying tax on all prizes.
Participants are responsible for paying tax on any prize.
Participants are responsible for paying their lodging costs.
Participants are responsible for paying their own bar tab.
Participants are responsible for paying their own lodging expenses directly to the hotel.
Participants are responsible for paying their own travel and hotel costs.
Participants are responsible for paying their own travel and hotel expenses.
Participants are responsible for paying their own travel expenses.
Participants are responsible for payment.
Participants are responsible for personal expenses, meals, and local transportation.
Participants are responsible for personal gear, meals, clothing and other individual needs.
Participants are responsible for personal gear, meals, clothing and other indvidual needs.
Participants are responsible for personal travel and accommodation booking.
Participants are responsible for picking up lunches each morning prior to field trip departure.
Participants are responsible for planning their own travel and hotel accommodations.
Participants are responsible for planting, maintaining, and harvesting their plots.
Participants are responsible for presentation of articles, which are chosen from selected journals.
Participants are responsible for presentation of their work and meeting submission deadlines.
Participants are responsible for property and can be sent home for violation of camp rules.
Participants are responsible for providing a sack lunch for workshops.
Participants are responsible for providing their own camping equipment.
Participants are responsible for providing their own collection materials.
Participants are responsible for providing their own equipment, food, and water.
Participants are responsible for providing their own insurance and for any additional expenditures.
Participants are responsible for providing their own medical insurance coverage.
Participants are responsible for providing their own transportation for the work placement.
Participants are responsible for purchasing lunch at the museum.
Participants are responsible for purchasing their own textbooks in advance, if one is required.
Participants are responsible for reading all materia on the reading list appended below.
Participants are responsible for reading their own times from the clock at the finish line.
Participants are responsible for reserving sub via the automated sub-caller system.
Participants are responsible for second week expenses.
Participants are responsible for securing their own accommodations.
Participants are responsible for securing their own health insurance.
Participants are responsible for settling the bill themselves with the hotel.
Participants are responsible for supplying their own medications and personal essentials.
Participants are responsible for the arrangments and payment of their own travel and accommodation.
Participants are responsible for the balance of the program costs and travel costs.
Participants are responsible for the cleanup associated with the farmers' and crafts market.
Participants are responsible for the connect charges for the telephone- modem updates.
Participants are responsible for the cost and reservations of their own lodging.
Participants are responsible for the cost of international travel and incidentals.
Participants are responsible for the cost of international travel to the seminar site.
Participants are responsible for the cost of personal equipment.
Participants are responsible for the cost of their books.
Participants are responsible for the cost of their personal equipment.
Participants are responsible for the costs of nearly all meals.
Participants are responsible for the financial opertions of the company.
Participants are responsible for the messages they publish.
Participants are responsible for the own air travel.
Participants are responsible for the own long distance charges.
Participants are responsible for the replacement cost of lost, stolen, or missing fare media.
Participants are responsible for the security of their own equipment and materials.
Participants are responsible for their airfare to and from Istanbul.
Participants are responsible for their auction tickets.
Participants are responsible for their breakfast and dinner in Wausau.
Participants are responsible for their hotel accommodations.
Participants are responsible for their hotel costs.
Participants are responsible for their hotel reservations and meals.
Participants are responsible for their hotel reservations and room fees.
Participants are responsible for their individual meals.
Participants are responsible for their insurance.
Participants are responsible for their living expenses and incidental cost during the summer.
Participants are responsible for their lodging and travel.
Participants are responsible for their meals and for all art supplies.
Participants are responsible for their noon meal.
Participants are responsible for their other meals.
Participants are responsible for their overnight accommodations.
Participants are responsible for their own accident insurance.
Participants are responsible for their own accommodation and food.
Participants are responsible for their own accommodation and travel expenses.
Participants are responsible for their own accommodation reservations.
Participants are responsible for their own accommodation.
Participants are responsible for their own accommodations, travel expenses, lunches, and dinners.
Participants are responsible for their own accommodations.
Participants are responsible for their own accomodation and travel expenses.
Participants are responsible for their own accomodations and meals.
Participants are responsible for their own air travel expenses.
Participants are responsible for their own books, parking, transportation, athletic and other fees.
Participants are responsible for their own equipment.
Participants are responsible for their own expenses.
Participants are responsible for their own ferry tickets.
Participants are responsible for their own food and clothing needs.
Participants are responsible for their own food and housing.
Participants are responsible for their own food and personal clothing.
Participants are responsible for their own food and transportation.
Participants are responsible for their own food costs.
Participants are responsible for their own food, boots, proper clothing and accommodation.
Participants are responsible for their own food, housing, and travel arrangements.
Participants are responsible for their own food, proper clothing and accommodation.
Participants are responsible for their own food.
Participants are responsible for their own golf balls.
Participants are responsible for their own green fees upon arrival at course.
Participants are responsible for their own health, dental and vision insurance needs.
Participants are responsible for their own health, travel, luggage, and personal property insurance.
Participants are responsible for their own hotel accommodations and per diem expenses.
Participants are responsible for their own hotel accommodations.
Participants are responsible for their own hotel and travel arrangements.
Participants are responsible for their own hotel and travel reservations and expenses.
Participants are responsible for their own hotel arrangements.
Participants are responsible for their own hotel reservations.
Participants are responsible for their own hotel, travel and per diem costs.
Participants are responsible for their own housing and meals.
Participants are responsible for their own housing and travel arrangements.
Participants are responsible for their own housing arrangements.
Participants are responsible for their own housing, living and travel expenses.
Participants are responsible for their own incidental hotel charges.
Participants are responsible for their own insurance coverage.
Participants are responsible for their own insurance.
Participants are responsible for their own living expenses.
Participants are responsible for their own loan repayments.
Participants are responsible for their own lodging and food.
Participants are responsible for their own lodging and meals.
Participants are responsible for their own lodging and transportation .
Participants are responsible for their own lodging and transportation costs.
Participants are responsible for their own lodging and transportation.
Participants are responsible for their own lodging arrangments and meals.
Participants are responsible for their own lodging reservations, roommates and lodging cancellation.
Participants are responsible for their own lodging, meals, and travel expenses.
Participants are responsible for their own lodging.
Participants are responsible for their own lodgings.
Participants are responsible for their own luggage.
Participants are responsible for their own lunch plans.
Participants are responsible for their own lunch provisions.
Participants are responsible for their own lunch, transportation and parking fees.
Participants are responsible for their own lunch, travel and accommodation costs.
Participants are responsible for their own lunches.
Participants are responsible for their own malpractice, transportation and automobile insurance.
Participants are responsible for their own materials.
Participants are responsible for their own meals and accommodation.
Participants are responsible for their own meals and accommodations.
Participants are responsible for their own meals and lodging.
Participants are responsible for their own meals, lodging and transportation.
Participants are responsible for their own meals, transportation and lodging.
Participants are responsible for their own meals.
Participants are responsible for their own mileage, transportation, respite care and attendant care.
Participants are responsible for their own on-line charges.
Participants are responsible for their own passport, visa, and inoculation arrangements.
Participants are responsible for their own personal caving gear.
Participants are responsible for their own personal expenses including travel and medical insurance.
Participants are responsible for their own personal hiking gear.
Participants are responsible for their own personal insurance.
Participants are responsible for their own physical and mental health.
Participants are responsible for their own property security.
Participants are responsible for their own results.
Participants are responsible for their own room and board, and travel.
Participants are responsible for their own room and board.
Participants are responsible for their own room reservations, transportation and meals.
Participants are responsible for their own room reservations.
Participants are responsible for their own safety.
Participants are responsible for their own ski and snow shoe equipment.
Participants are responsible for their own spending money.
Participants are responsible for their own transatlantic flights.
Participants are responsible for their own transatlantic transportation.
Participants are responsible for their own transfers to and from the airport or train station.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation and accommodations.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation and lodging.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation and parking.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation and weekend meals.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation between the hotels and restaurants.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation from their hotel to the meeting site.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation to and from all competition venues.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation to and from camp.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation to and from the city.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation to and from the event.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation to and from the fair.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation to and from the field site.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation to and from the first meeting site.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation to and from the workcamp.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation to and from Toronto.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation to and from Wright State.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation to meeting sites.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation, accommodations, and meals.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation, food, and lodging.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation, food, equipment, and lodging.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation, hotel, and other related expenses.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation, hotels and meals.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation, housing and meal expenses.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation, housing and meals.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation, lodging and meals.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation, lodging, and food.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation, lodging, breakfast, and dinner.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation, meals and lodging.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation, meals, and lodging.
Participants are responsible for their own transportation.
Participants are responsible for their own trash.
Participants are responsible for their own travel and accommodation expenses.
Participants are responsible for their own travel and accommodation.
Participants are responsible for their own travel and accommodations.
Participants are responsible for their own travel and hotel expense.
Participants are responsible for their own travel and hotel expenses.
Participants are responsible for their own travel and housing costs.
Participants are responsible for their own travel and housing.
Participants are responsible for their own travel and lodging arrangements.
Participants are responsible for their own travel and lodging costs as well as a registration fee.
Participants are responsible for their own travel and lodging.
Participants are responsible for their own travel and lunch expenses.
Participants are responsible for their own travel arrangements and costs.
Participants are responsible for their own travel arrangements, costs, and insurance.
Participants are responsible for their own travel arrangements.
Participants are responsible for their own travel costs and arrangements.
Participants are responsible for their own travel costs to and from Cambridge.
Participants are responsible for their own travel expenses.
Participants are responsible for their own travel to and from Fort Worth.
Participants are responsible for their own travel to Baton Rouge and per diem.
Participants are responsible for their own travel to the training center.
Participants are responsible for their own travel, accommodation and additional meals.
Participants are responsible for their own travel, accommodation and evening meals.
Participants are responsible for their own travel, accommodations, and meals.
Participants are responsible for their own travel, additional meals, and lodging.
Participants are responsible for their own travel, food, and lodging costs.
Participants are responsible for their own travel, lodging and additional meals.
Participants are responsible for their own travel, lodging and food expenses.
Participants are responsible for their own travel, lodging and incidental expenses.
Participants are responsible for their own travel, lodging and incidental meals.
Participants are responsible for their own travel, lodging and meals.
Participants are responsible for their own travel, lodging, and meals.
Participants are responsible for their own travel, meals, accommodation, proper boots and clothing.
Participants are responsible for their own travel, meals, and incidental expenses.
Participants are responsible for their own travel, room, and board expenses.
Participants are responsible for their own travel.
Participants are responsible for their own uniforms.
Participants are responsible for their personal gear as well as transportation to and from the site.
Participants are responsible for their program fees, travel and living costs.
Participants are responsible for their shopping expenditures, entertainment, and meals.
Participants are responsible for their transportation and incidental expenses.
Participants are responsible for their transportation to and from France.
Participants are responsible for their transportation to and from Ireland.
Participants are responsible for their transportation to and from London.
Participants are responsible for their transportation to and from Paris.
Participants are responsible for their transportation to and from Santiago.
Participants are responsible for their transportation to and from the theater.
Participants are responsible for their transportation, housing and meals.
Participants are responsible for their transportation.
Participants are responsible for their travel and living costs.
Participants are responsible for their travel and lodging costs, and for making travel arrangements.
Participants are responsible for their travel and lodging costs.
Participants are responsible for their travel costs, living expenses, meals, and accommodation .
Participants are responsible for their travel expenses.
Participants are responsible for their travel to and from Britain.
Participants are responsible for their travel to and from Moscow.
Participants are responsible for their travel to and from the site and for their lodging expenses.
Participants are responsible for their travel, accommodations, and other arrangements.
Participants are responsible for their travel, lodging, meal and all other expenses.
Participants are responsible for their well-being.
Participants are responsible for themselves.
Participants are responsible for there own transportation to and from the workshops.
Participants are responsible for transportation and meals.
Participants are responsible for transportation costs.
Participants are responsible for transportation from their home to and from Reno.
Participants are responsible for transportation of their waste to the drop-off site.
Participants are responsible for transportation to and from Atlanta.
Participants are responsible for transportation to and from the site.
Participants are responsible for transportation to and from the training sites.
Participants are responsible for transportation to, food and accommodation in Whitehorse.
Participants are responsible for transportation within the United States to New York for departure.
Participants are responsible for transportation, meals, and books and materials.
Participants are responsible for transportation.
Participants are responsible for travel and books.
Participants are responsible for travel and living expenses.
Participants are responsible for travel and lodging expenses.
Participants are responsible for travel and lodging.
Participants are responsible for travel arrangements and the cost of travel.
Participants are responsible for travel costs and work as volunteers.
Participants are responsible for travel costs to and from seminars.
Participants are responsible for travel costs.
Participants are responsible for travel expenses to Oakland.
Participants are responsible for travel expenses.
Participants are responsible for travel to and from Mexico City and incidental expenses.
Participants are responsible for travel to and from programs.
Participants are responsible for travel to and from the programs.
Participants are responsible for travel to Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia, and costs of room and board.
Participants are responsible for travel to Washington, D.C., visa and required medical exam fees.
Participants are responsible for travel, lodging and meal costs.
Participants are responsible for travel, lodging, and incidental expenses.
Participants are responsible for travel, meal and lodging costs.
Participants are responsible for tuition fees, housing and board costs, and other expenses.
Participants are responsible for tuition, fees, and texts.
Participants are responsible for yielding to traffic.
Participants are responsible only for their travel costs to and from Bonn.
Participants are responsible to make sure they are safe while at the retreat.
Participants are responsible to pay for their own travel and lodging.
Participants are responsible to read all materials outlined on the reading list appended below.
Participants are satisfied with our services and consistently rate our program as very good.
Participants are scheduled on a first come, first serve basis.
Participants are self-selected and funded by their agencies.
Participants are senior level HR executives and major contributors to their organization.
Participants are senior-level managers who are responsible for human resource departments.
Participants are silent.
Participants are social actors.
Participants are solely responsible for accomodation expenses.
Participants are solely responsible for the content of the message.
Participants are staff members from tree seed projects.
Participants are stay-at home moms, mortgage brokers, flight attendants and teachers.
Participants are student financial aid applicants selected at random.
Participants are students or professionals, youong or old, representing many countries.
Participants are students, faculty, graduates, and all others involved in the educational process.
Participants are subject to a police records check.
Participants are subject to airline change fees and space availability.
Participants are subject to monitoring through drug tests and weekly court appearances.
Participants are subject to the foregoing rules and to the adjudication of the moderator.
Participants are subject to the procedures described below.
Participants are subject to the rules outlined in the list-info.
Participants are sure to be both challenged and entertained.
Participants are the eight teams with the best records following regular season play.
Participants are the reason the Student Leadership Seminar exists.
Participants are the students.
Participants are then able to attend two workshops of their choice.
Participants are then en-couraged to water test their boats against the competition.
Participants are then still informants, but can also become interpreters and research designers.
Participants are therefore able to focus their studies to a particular area of interest.
Participants are therefore more likely to answer in an open, honest and objective way.
Participants are to be admitted by coaches' identification.
Participants are to be identified by their role in the project.
Participants are to be on time.
Participants are to be present for the announcements and devotions prior to and after each meal.
Participants are to bring a bag lunch and drinks.
Participants are to bring a blank diskette to store the class exercises.
Participants are to bring a dish of food to share.
Participants are to bring a mounted, documented case for round table discussion.
Participants are to bring a side dish to share.
Participants are to bring calculators.
Participants are to bring swimwear, a towel, athletic shoes and a small amount of money for snacks.
Participants are to bring swimwear, a towel, athletic shoes, and a small amount of money for snacks.
Participants are to bring their book and mask to class.
Participants are to bring their own mess kits.
Participants are to bring their revised lesson plans.
Participants are to call their own matches.
Participants are to compared with a project in mind and bring any necessary curriculum information.
Participants are to cover their own travel expenses.
Participants are to develop their own integrative approach to religious education.
Participants are to e-mail answers.
Participants are to invest five to eight hours per week in preparation.
Participants are to keep a daily account of how they commute to campus on monthly tracking forms.
Participants are to make their own arrangements with hotel of their choice and with their own costs.
Participants are to make their own travel and accommodations arrangements.
Participants are to meet all deadlines and to fulfill promises.
Participants are to meet at the sports hall every day.
Participants are to provide their own travel expences to and from the Netherlands.
Participants are to register in the hospital main entrance lobby then proceed to screening stations.
Participants are to remain in the hall for the duration of the program.
Participants are to sign their name on the attendance sheet before participation.
Participants are to sit in the next available chair immediately upon entering a row.
Participants are to submit one single submission, on one single panel.
Participants are to talk with someone they know about their career or job.
Participants are to travel to and from all events in school designated transportation.
Participants are to write down a simple, positve dream which they have had and want to remember.
Participants are typically at risk of dropping out of school or have already done so.
Participants are typically juniors or seniors during their semesters abroad.
Participants are typically juniors, seniors, or graduate students during their semester abroad.
Participants are undergraduates and typically begin during the sophomore or junior years.
Participants are uninhibited in their celebration of the Holy Spirit.
Participants are upbeat about the future of strategy games.
Participants are users with the ability to speak in a chat room.
Participants are users, exchanges, policy makers, supervisors and experts.
Participants are usually college and high school students.
Participants are usually individuals who already have some competence in the field of interest.
Participants are usually juniors or seniors in good academic standing.
Participants are usually juniors.
Participants are usually members of planning and zoning boards, and elected officials.
Participants are usually of similar socioeconomic backgrounds with similar educational histories.
Participants are usually serious writers ready to submit or refine their work.
Participants are usually two to five years from release.
Participants are very creative.
Participants are very enthusiastic about the programs effectiveness in assisting their recovery.
Participants are very much involved and have an active role in extending activities in the field.
Participants are very specific in terms of the changes in hardware and software.
Participants are visibly different and each has taken one step towards healing.
Participants are welcome anytime during the scheduled blocks of time.
Participants are welcome to adopt any portrayal they can realistically clothe and equip.
Participants are welcome to arrange their own ride on the wheel if they so wish.
Participants are welcome to attend all or part of either forum.
Participants are welcome to attend all or selected sessions.
Participants are welcome to attend any or all meetings.
Participants are welcome to attend any or all sessions.
Participants are welcome to attend as few or as many of the sessions as they desire.
Participants are welcome to attend as many segments as their schedules permit.
Participants are welcome to attend both sessions.
Participants are welcome to attend more than one session.
Participants are welcome to attend one or both sessions and the seminar is free of charge.
Participants are welcome to attend sessions at any of the locations.
Participants are welcome to be part of the evening entertainment.
Participants are welcome to begin the program at any session.
Participants are welcome to bring a bag lunch.
Participants are welcome to bring a friend or family member.
Participants are welcome to bring a lunch.
Participants are welcome to bring a picnic lunch.
Participants are welcome to bring a pillow, blanket or floor mat.
Participants are welcome to bring along mountain bikes to ride during open time.
Participants are welcome to bring along their own material too e.g. sediment samples, slides etc.
Participants are welcome to bring architectural drawings for public comment.
Participants are welcome to bring business ideas to share in a roundtable discussion.
Participants are welcome to bring chairs and blankets.
Participants are welcome to bring copies of their curriculum vitae as well as presentation handouts.
Participants are welcome to bring drafts of proposals.
Participants are welcome to bring guests.
Participants are welcome to bring items for sale on consignment.
Participants are welcome to bring lunch.
Participants are welcome to bring lunch-and a friend.
Participants are welcome to bring materials to display.
Participants are welcome to bring materials to share.
Participants are welcome to bring musical scores if they plan to join the chorus.
Participants are welcome to bring prayer feathers and traditional herbs.
Participants are welcome to bring swimsuits for the Rapid River and complimentary hors d'oeuvres.
Participants are welcome to bring their African drums.
Participants are welcome to bring their instruments and their tape recorders.
Participants are welcome to bring their lunch to the midday sessions.
Participants are welcome to bring their lunch.
Participants are welcome to bring their lunches.
Participants are welcome to bring their own lunch to eat on the bus.
Participants are welcome to bring their own portable computers.
Participants are welcome to bring their own problem data sets along.
Participants are welcome to bring their own professional massage chairs.
Participants are welcome to bring their own projects for use in the assignments.
Participants are welcome to bring their own skates or rollerblades.
Participants are welcome to brown bag.
Participants are welcome to buy a VP and also a meat-only package.
Participants are welcome to check the latest news and market information at the kiosk.
Participants are welcome to come with story ideas to discuss.
Participants are welcome to drive and even bring their families.
Participants are welcome to earmark their contributions for specific programs.
Participants are welcome to enroll in one or more than one program.
Participants are welcome to enroll in one or more than one seminar.
Participants are welcome to exhibit more than one display or presentation.
Participants are welcome to extend their stay in Texas for relaxing or touring.
Participants are welcome to individual sessions.
Participants are welcome to join in as much or as little of onboard activities as they wish.
Participants are welcome to join the walk at any point along the route.
Participants are welcome to make accommodations at other hotels or motels in Salt Lake City.
Participants are welcome to make program suggestions at any time throughout the year.
Participants are welcome to one or both sessions.
Participants are welcome to organize working groups around a variety of topics.
Participants are welcome to participate in both programs.
Participants are welcome to perform when able.
Participants are welcome to pose questions, offer information and respond to previous postings.
Participants are welcome to read or just to listen.
Participants are welcome to register up to half an hour before the workshops begin.
Participants are welcome to share their experiences.
Participants are welcome to stay and discuss feelings and thoughts provoked by the experience.
Participants are welcome to stay and network after the program.
Participants are welcome to stay for lunch or supper.
Participants are welcome to submit poster abstracts along with their conference registrations.
Participants are welcome to take the courses on an individual basis.
Participants are welcome to use any medium.
Participants are welcome to visit any time during the open houses as their schedules permit.
Participants are welcome to visit with the film makers after the presentations.
Participants are welcome to walk or jog as well as run.
Participants are welcome to walk the loop as often as they like within the allotted time.
Participants are welcome to work individually or in groups.
Participants are welcome year-round or for special festivals and seasons.
Participants are welcome.
Participants are well aware of the cameras.
Participants are well-educated students of Civil War history.
Participants are willing to risk arrest and justify their actions in a court of law.
Participants are winners from eight regional festivals held throughout the country.
Participants are winners of local school science fairs in two age divisions.
Participants are women and men, and the group size is usually five or six Fellows.
Participants are women who are interested in becoming advocates for women's health.
Participants are women who share a similar desire to be the very best parent that they can be.
Participants are work-authorized and come from a wide array of cultural and backgrounds.
Participants are yet to be announced.
Participants are young, old, and in the middle years.
Participants are young.
Participants are, for the most part, entering their senior year in high schoo.
Participants are, however, assisted to find suitable accommodation.
Participants are, therefore, advised to arrange appropriate insurance cover.
Participants are, therefore, kindly encouraged to take out their own insurance.
Participants argue, feel deeply, and transform themselves.
Participants arrange and pay for their own transatlantic flight to Oslo.
Participants arrange and pay for their own transportation to Billings, Montana.
Participants arrange for shipping and take possession of the materials themselves.
Participants arrange for their own lodging .
Participants arrange own housing.
Participants arrange own transportation.
Participants arrange plant combinations in new beds.
Participants arrange their attendance through their agency training offices.
Participants arrange their own air travel.
Participants arrange their own housing.
Participants arrive and register.
Participants arrive at the base in the morning, and the trip starts from there.
Participants arrive from across the USA, Canada, and other countries.
Participants arrive from as far away as California and Japan.
Participants arrive in appropriate dance attire and are assigned a number to wear.
Participants arrive in late afternoon and continue the following day.
Participants arrive in Syracuse Inner Harbor.
Participants arrive in the early afternoon and depart in the late afternoon two days later.
Participants arrive punctually and dress up rather than down for the occasion.
Participants arriving after dinner are always welcome.
Participants arriving by train just cross the square in front of the station to reach the hotel.
Participants ask friends, family and co-workers for a flat donation for participating in the event.
Participants ask one relevant questions for each chapter.
Participants ask questions and receive answers immediately.
Participants ask questions.
Participants ask teachers.
Participants assemble a kit of their own choice.
Participants assess a variety of prelistening, during-listening, and post listening activities.
Participants assess methods for training and consulting.
Participants assess the impact of gender participation in careers and on the conduct of research.
Participants assess their conflict style and skills.
Participants assist in determining the one-year program's format and agenda.
Participants assist scientists on research projects worldwide.
Participants assume all legal obligations for postings and e-mail they originate.
Participants assume all moral, environmental and ethical repercussions.
Participants assume all responsibility for all costs incurred.
Participants assume all risk and responsibility for potential loss of data.
Participants assume all risk of injury or loss of or damage of property.
Participants assume contract roles and negotiate the details of their responsibilities.
Participants assume liability solely based on the risks they choose to underwrite.
Participants assume responsibility and get involved in the public decision-making process.
Participants assume responsibility for living accommocation, all other meals, and transportation.
Participants assume responsibility for living accommodations and all other meals.
Participants assume responsibility for making their own hotel reservations when needed.
Participants assume responsibility for their own learning.
Participants assume responsibility for their welfare.
Participants assume risk of changes in personal affairs or health.
Participants assume the persona of a character throughout the game.
Participants assume the risk associated with weight equipment.
Participants assume the roles of families living in poverty.
Participants attempt to influence each other by posing and answering questions.
Participants attempt to keep dry and break world records by flinging themselves across canals.
Participants attempt to link correctly each 'fact' to the person responsible for writing it.
Participants attempt to traverse the course as fast as possible.
Participants attend a five-day professional development seminar.
Participants attend a series of three, two hour sessions over a three week period.
Participants attend a total of seven modules.
Participants attend a total of six weekly classes.
Participants attend a two-day workshop to receive orientation to the criteria.
Participants attend a university or college in the United States for one year.
Participants attend a virtual party, can drink at a virtual bar, and learn loads about alcohol.
Participants attend a weekly session which lasts two hours.
Participants attend all plenary sessions and select one parallel track for more detailed study.
Participants attend an informal luncheon and take an in-depth tour of the hospital.
Participants attend an orientation meeting before they can exchange time.
Participants attend another in-service summer program after their first teaching year.
Participants attend as individuals and represent no one but themselves.
Participants attend at no cost.
Participants attend at the invitation of the chancellor.
Participants attend both sessions.
Participants attend by invitation only.
Participants attend class five hours a week.
Participants attend class two times per week.
Participants attend classes and special lectures.
Participants attend classes as a group.
Participants attend classes six hours a day for six weeks.
Participants attend cohort meetings, a leadership advance, and work on a community service project.
Participants attend daily plenary lectures in addition to special subject classes of their choice.
Participants attend eight one-hour sessions over three weeks.
Participants attend electric workshops, awards banquets, and recreational activities.
Participants attend four group sessions and an individualized conference.
Participants attend from all over the world.
Participants attend from companies and organizations all over the world.
Participants attend in civilian status.
Participants attend individualized two-hour sessions after school.
Participants attend lectures and laboratory sessions in biochemistry, gross anatomy, and physiology.
Participants attend lectures by local faculty and guest speakers.
Participants attend on a planned basis.
Participants attend once a week for three-hour classes in the evening.
Participants attend one class in the first trimester and one class in the second trimester.
Participants attend one course in the morning, and one in the afternoon.
Participants attend one or two sessions throughout their three-day stay.
Participants attend one section only.
Participants attend one session per week for six weeks.
Participants attend one session per week.
Participants attend one-week summer institutes and two days each academic year for kit training.
Participants attend only one of the five tracks, since the tracks run concurrently.
Participants attend only one of the four tracks, since the tracks run concurrently.
Participants attend only one of two tracks, since the tracks run concurrently.
Participants attend on-site lectures at museums and historical sites within and outside Florence.
Participants attend seminars hosted by government and educational leaders and visit cultural sites.
Participants attend sessions at the designated starting times.
Participants attend several times each week.
Participants attend solely to get fucked up on whatever chemicals are for sale that night.
Participants attend ten weekly, interactive seminars in a semester.
Participants attend the opening workshop in faculty-student teaching teams.
Participants attend the Seminar as members of a team.
Participants attend their grade level session with their area instructor.
Participants attend two daily classes on specialized topics chosen from a range of twelve.
Participants attend two days of training in the summer and a few, after-school, follow up meetings.
Participants attend two sessions, totaling seven hours of classroom instruction.
Participants attend two to five days per week depending on individual needs.
Participants attend various workshops and classes regarding journalism.
Participants attend via their office computers and telephones.
Participants attend weekly lectures presented by local business and corporate professionals.
Participants attend weekly reading group to discuss relevant literature from the field.
Participants attend whenever they please, as needed.
Participants attending the meeting represent diverse areas of study.
Participants attending the public meetings are also welcome to submit their comments at that time.
Participants attending the workshops are responsible for their own travel arrangements.
Participants average six to eight hours of active programming each treatment day.
Participants await the drawing.
Participants balance on cables, climb on logs, and swing on ropes.
Participants become addicted to novelty and devalue concepts articulated earlier.
Participants become ambassadors for recruitment as they talk to prospective students.
Participants become aware of cultural issues related to technology.
Participants become aware of important issues and factors involved in environmental decision making.
Participants become aware of real-world applications that can be shared with their students.
Participants become aware of their anger styles and then learn techniques for reframing old habits.
Participants become better able to make clear decisions and take initiative.
Participants become close friends with each other and the staff.
Participants become essential members of a small community.
Participants become evangelists.
Participants become familiar with features that define human genome epidemiology.
Participants become familiar with other members of the group.
Participants become familiar with the most commonly used approaches to planning and evaluation.
Participants become familiar with three separate mind states.
Participants become familiar with various disguised weapons.
Participants become fully vested after completing five years of service.
Participants become increasingly concerned with the issue of confidentiality in such cases.
Participants become increasingly confident in their ability to self-manage.
Participants become integral in real-life situations as they become their own problem solvers.
Participants become involved in each other s images in a supportive way.
Participants become lifelong colleagues and friends as artistic discoveries unfold.
Participants become more aware of cooperative and group learning situations.
Participants become more aware of hazards and discuss ways to prevent injury.
Participants become more aware of the potential for finding humor in their career and life.
Participants become more knowledgeable about the mathematics topics covered at their grade level.
Participants become more relationally sensitive, biblically informed, and globally aware.
Participants become much more articulate about the issues facing new faculty.
Participants become part of a Norwegian family, participating in daily life and work.
Participants become proficient in desktop publishing skills and advanced word processing techniques.
Participants become proficient in English.
Participants become sophisticated practitioners in a results-driven instructional model.
Participants become undergraduates for the summer .
Participants become violent.
Participants become willing to initiate their own experiments and online learning projects.
Participants begin a structured plan toward a living wage and independence from welfare.
Participants begin by completing a short survey, then graph and analyze data.
Participants begin by manufacturing simulated circuit boards in a traditional manufacturing setting.
Participants begin the program with a personalized assessment.
Participants begin to apply critical thinking and reflection to their nursing practice.
Participants begin to ask for feedback from the group about how their behavior is impacting others.
Participants begin to clarify how to do systematic inquiry and reflection in future learning.
Participants begin to master their stick work and experiment with learning in a game environment.
Participants begin to write their narrative statements.
Participants begin with a warm-up, as described above.
Participants begin with intermittent exercise during the first four weeks of the program.
Participants begin with level one.
Participants begin work on their first change project for the program.
Participants begin work on their own mini-projects.
Participants behave, at least in some respects, as though present in the virtual world.
Participants believe that cataloging does have a future.
Participants Below is a listing of all players who have registered to date by event.
Participants benefit enormously.
Participants benefit from close follow-up by experts in the area of heart failure.
Participants benefit from reduced search costs and the ability to conduct ad hoc purchases.
Participants benefit from the competition, the exercise, and the fellowship.
Participants benefit from the opportunity to discuss issues with peers in a comfortable setting.
Participants benefit from the supervision and expertise of a physical therapist.
Participants benefit whatever their ability - that's a key principle.
Participants blow on conch shells, burn copal incense and play drums.
Participants brainstorm from and work on their pending cases every morning in small group workshops.
Participants brainstorm in a working group.
Participants brainstorm uses of small, common items.
Participants break and the facilitator and secretariat aggregate responses.
Participants break into groups and prepare a high threat trial plan for a provided trial scenario.
Participants break into six 'committees' to prepare for evidence taking sessions.
Participants break off in small groups according to their field.
Participants break up in pairs and gather in a large circle.
Participants bring a bag lunch and each week a different member acting as host supplies dessert.
Participants bring a camera, plenty of film, and perhaps a tripod.
Participants bring a clearly thought-out question to class.
Participants bring a favorite poem to read.
Participants bring a journal or picture frame to embellish with pressed flowers.
Participants bring a range of experiences.
Participants bring a raw organic vegan dish to feed six to eight people.
Participants bring a sack-lunch.
Participants bring a sleeping bag, flashlight, and mattress pad.
Participants bring a variety of motivations and interests to the project.
Participants bring bedrolls and personal items.
Participants bring company literature and plenty of business cards.
Participants bring food to share, sheets, pillowcases and towels.
Participants bring home their planted cuttings.
Participants bring horses, wagons or buggies.
Participants bring in tasks from work, home, or from a hobby.
Participants bring lunch.
Participants bring materials.
Participants bring money for their expenses.
Participants bring one dish to share and one to donate to a needy family.
Participants bring one well-thought out question to class.
Participants bring one well-thought question to class.
Participants bring real world experience from a variety of industries and professions.
Participants bring sleeping bags and personal items.
Participants bring sleeping bags for overnight retreats.
Participants bring sleeping bags.
Participants bring small inexpensive trade items to swap with other delegates.
Participants bring student work from their own schools to assess and annotate.
Participants bring their experience, enthusiasm and willingness to learn and share ideas.
Participants bring their favorite games and munchies to share.
Participants bring their lunches and hold weekly discussions on Torah or other Jewish topics.
Participants bring their own electrical personal care appliances.
Participants bring their own examples and create their own current and future state maps.
Participants bring their own food and drink for lunch and snacks.
Participants bring their own horses.
Participants bring their own linens.
Participants bring their own lunch.
Participants bring their own sleeping bags.
Participants bring their own spoons bowls and plates.
Participants bring their own supplies.
Participants bring their own swim suits and towels.
Participants bring their own weights to class.
Participants bring trays from the cafeteria.
Participants bring varying perspectives to understanding the nature and causes of conflict.
Participants bring weights.
Participants bring what is needed to decorate their tea table.
Participants browse through their resource notebooks.
Participants build a common vocabulary and a mutual understanding of basic Christian concepts.
Participants build a project from scratch.
Participants build an igloo out of table bubbles and see a can of soda inflate a balloon.
Participants build bird feeders, birdhouses, and bat boxes.
Participants build community awareness by presenting the program to various local groups.
Participants build devices that pull themselves up a vertical rope without any help.
Participants build leadership skills while beginning to network for the future.
Participants build model airplanes from the raw materials of their choice.
Participants build model rockets with propellers powered by rubber bands.
Participants build model sailboats.
Participants build model sleds.
Participants build models of emerging social and economic trends.
Participants build on others' ideas and continue to offer new ideas in their own words anonymously.
Participants build on the ideas of others.
Participants build skills for delivering objective and honest feedback that is meaningful to others.
Participants build skills in gender analysis for projects and institutions.
Participants build skills to launch businesses now in the future.
Participants build skills, gain insights and advice, and set and meet career goals.
Participants buy a day pass from the TTC and ride all day.
Participants buy groceries and then prepare their own meals in our commercial kitchen.
Participants buy one gift, a great money saver, to join the game.
Participants buzz in using hand-held buzzers and are then called on to answer the question.
Participants call a number at the designated time to join the meeting.
Participants call and write their legislators, as well as engage in other forms of advocacy.
Participants call in questions and comments to an expert panel for response.
Participants call leader to confirm train and start times.
Participants call their own lines, faults and keep score.
Participants call upon each other for help and respond when a referral is made.
Participants camp out at the event site, enjoying music, food and camaraderie.
Participants camp out inside the track.
Participants camp out on site.
Participants can access course directly from their desktop at work, at home, or while traveling.
Participants can access curricula that include a wide range of topics.
Participants can access their results immediately after completing any individual module.
Participants can achieve different levels and receive great gifts.
Participants can act as they do in real life.
Participants can actually walk in and start talking.
Participants can add a photo and update their information at any time.
Participants can add or delete information, add notes, add pictures and other related activities.
Participants can add responses in their own creative time and space.
Participants can add their favorite books to a autumn bibliography.
Participants can add their favorite books to a pumpkin bibliography.
Participants can add their favorite books to an apple bibliography.
Participants can add their questions, comments, or thoughts by responding to any topic.
Participants can address questions to subject matter experts who respond in real time via live chat.
Participants can adopt more than one cell.
Participants can adopt practically anything at the observatory.
Participants can allocate the contributions among several investment options.
Participants can allocate their deposits and balances among any or all the funds.
Participants can also access their account via our automated phone system.
Participants can also apply for financial aid at the same time.
Participants can also arrange to stay on kibbutz on weekends, if they prefer.
Participants can also attend a session on either animal health or organic horticulture.
Participants can also be useful allies.
Participants can also bring in their own treasures to discuss.
Participants can also bring their own documentation.
Participants can also bring their own network cards if they wish.
Participants can also burn a CD-ROM at the workshop to carry home any of their data they want.
Participants can also change percentages for future contributions as well.
Participants can also choose an afternoon of golf and tennis.
Participants can also choose from several short courses on developing areas in geophysics.
Participants can also come with their laptop computers.
Participants can also communicate by exchanging textual messages through email.
Participants can also contact the following local hotels for reservations.
Participants can also create their own service areas, such as neighborhoods and wards.
Participants can also develop an action plan for promoting educational equity in the classroom.
Participants can also donate whole blood for the local blood supply at the same time.
Participants can also e-mail their photography questions.
Participants can also enjoy concessions being sold by the team and compete in a serving contest.
Participants can also enjoy plenty of games and munchies.
Participants can also enter by mail.
Participants can also expect to dig in and take part in a trail improvement service project.
Participants can also gain a sense of the past and present contexts of work and unionism.
Participants can also gather and relax at the institute's roof terrace.
Participants can also generate ideas for validating the culture of their students.
Participants can also go and register under local facilities.
Participants can also hear what is occurring at the primary location at all times.
Participants can also immediately submit their resumes to an employer's job posting.
Participants can also influence the debate by giving suggestions on content and process.
Participants can also inquire about their citizenship application status.
Participants can also interact reflectively.
Participants can also join teams, competing to process the most data.
Participants can also learn about basic defensive and offensive formations and pass patterns.
Participants can also learn about careers in various fields and tour the campus.
Participants can also learn about forest and lake habitats and how they are impacted by humans.
Participants can also learn how to get a job and work on their social skills at the centre.
Participants can also learn more about trading on margin, short-selling and market risks.
Participants can also make transfers after they've annuitized or settled their contracts.
Participants can also monitor the biological health of the stream if they complete training.
Participants can also opt for a one-day trip.
Participants can also opt to receive more information by e- mail after viewing an advertisement.
Participants can also opt to receive more information via e-mail after viewing an ad.
Participants can also receive a certificate of participation.
Participants can also receive daily faxes of game lines and scores.
Participants can also receive weekly e-prompts that remind, refresh and entertain.
Participants can also refer themselves.
Participants can also register for the Doggy Olympics and a low-cost dog wash after the races.
Participants can also register on the day of the event.
Participants can also register the day of the run - walk.
Participants can also review the origin and effects of gender bias and stereotyping in the media.
Participants can also save on vitamins, herbal supplements, books and other health related products.
Participants can also select which products they wish to be notified about.
Participants can also share a sketchpad drawing on it at the same time.
Participants can also sign on and sign off easily, and then sign on again, if necessary.
Participants can also sign up for the raffle.
Participants can also sign up the day of the race.
Participants can also take a short test to assess their math, reading, and spelling skills.
Participants can also take part in workshops, symposia, posters and round table sessions.
Participants can also teach computer usage to the students as well as to the teachers.
Participants can also train in a few new skills and techniques.
Participants can also turn the windmill with their own weight by simply sitting in the seat.
Participants can also use public and private chat rooms.
Participants can also view the program from any available conference room at headquarters.
Participants can also view tours and virtual panels on a big screen with special live presenters.
Participants can also view what is going on between students of other schools.
Participants can also visit the health fairs without going through the screenings.
Participants can also work in the school library, which also serves as the public.
Participants can alter their portfolios as their investment needs change.
Participants can amend their travel profiles and add or delete ride offers on the fly.
Participants can apply for federally-insured loans.
Participants can apply for travel reimbursement to and from the internship site.
Participants can apply to make an oral contribution or to display a poster.
Participants can apply to the program year round by completing the application procedures.
Participants can arrange to check e-mail.
Participants can articulate and receive validation for their personal perspectives.
Participants can ask for clarification on any item that is unclear.
Participants can ask people to pledge money for every hour they participate.
Participants can ask questions and get answers real-time during the live event.
Participants can ask questions and learn from some of America's most noted investment experts.
Participants can ask questions and send messages for all to see on the screen.
Participants can ask questions of the presenter or moderator, who can respond textually.
Participants can ask questions only between slides, when the speaker pauses.
Participants can ask questions, propose ideas and signal for help by simply pressing a key.
Participants can ask questions, touch animal-related props, and observe live specimens.
Participants can ask the farmer questions, and learn what dairy farming is all about.
Participants can assume the role of movie script writers.
Participants can attempt a maximum of two subjects per semester.
Participants can attempt to qualify as many times as they like.
Participants can attend all three seminars.
Participants can attend any of the five workshops.
Participants can attend class from anywhere in the world via a standard Internet connection.
Participants can attend classes either on the weekend or on mornings during the week.
Participants can attend credit courses, and the tuition and fees are waived.
Participants can attend either day or both days.
Participants can attend either of the two workshops.
Participants can attend either one part or all six days.
Participants can attend either or both Psychology sessions.
Participants can attend either or both sessions.
Participants can attend interactive workshops, visit an exhibit hall or take field trips.
Participants can attend intercollegiate athletic events free of charge .
Participants can attend meetings for education and input, or get involved in subcommittee work.
Participants can attend one day or the entire event.
Participants can attend one or both days of the series.
Participants can attend one or both days.
Participants can attend one or both weeks.
Participants can attend one or multiple sessions.
Participants can attend one to five days a week, depending on their preference.
Participants can attend one, two or all three classes at two hours in each class.
Participants can attend sessions when their schedule permits.
Participants can attend single sessions or the whole workshop.
Participants can attend the full course or come for a week.
Participants can attend the main congress at a reduced rate.
Participants can attend the sessions that best suit their needs.
Participants can attend three sessions.
Participants can attend two out of three sessions of each workshop.
Participants can attend up to two sessions over a three-day period.
Participants can avoid falling into a win-lose mentality by focusing on shared interests.
Participants can be a group from a church, an inter-faith community, friends or a sole individual.
Participants can be advanced beginners, intermediate or advanced painters.
Participants can be as anonymous as they want.
Participants can be as junior as advanced undergraduate students and as senior as junior faculty.
Participants can be at all levels of ability.
Participants can be at two or more domestic or international locations.
Participants can be direct supervisors, direct reports, peers, and even customers.
Participants can be either individuals or groups.
Participants can be either riders or drivers.
Participants can be experts and ordinary citizens, activists, and nonactivists.
Participants can be family, friends or complete strangers.
Participants can be from a single agency or from a variety of agencies.
Participants can be from one or more parishes including planning groups.
Participants can be graduate students or professionals no more than seven years out of school.
Participants can be individuals, service groups, businesses, and organizations.
Participants can be learners, experienced, or professional.
Participants can be of any age and climbing experience, and belay instruction is provided.
Participants can be preschool age to adult.
Participants can be public or private and encompass all industry segments.
Participants can be state or non-state employees.
Participants can be students, researchers, faculty or staff of a member institution.
Participants can be youth or adults.
Participants can become better communicators, use empathy, and learn when to walk away.
Participants can begin anytime, and tailor their exercise schedules to meet their specific needs.
Participants can begin keeping track of their reading hours as soon as they register.
Participants can begin their income at any age after termination of employment.
Participants can begin to see how and where they fit.
Participants can belong to listservs.
Participants can benefit by demonstrating how to conduct effective and productive meetings.
Participants can benefit regardless of their current fitness level.
Participants can bike the trail at their own level of difficulty.
Participants can bike, walk, run, or in-line skate along the trail.
Participants can both respond to posted questions, as well as post their own questions.
Participants can branch out to whitewater or sea kayaking.
Participants can break up into small groups to figure out the semantics.
Participants can bring a bag lunch and stay on into the afternoon to work on their own.
Participants can bring a brown bag lunch.
Participants can bring antiques and collectibles to be appraised.
Participants can bring banners and handouts.
Participants can bring in goods without being subject to inspection or other customs procedures.
Participants can bring in tasks from work, home, or from a hobby.
Participants can bring lunch along.
Participants can bring lunch or purchase lunch in the campus cafeteria.
Participants can bring materials and make a .pdf file during the workshop.
Participants can bring materials on their businesses for the networking table.
Participants can bring materials to work on.
Participants can bring other interesting items to create a unique mask.
Participants can bring pruners and help the society prepare the roses for spring bloom.
Participants can bring questions and topics for discussion.
Participants can bring the codes with which they are most familiar to work on their own problems.
Participants can bring their calcium supplement for an evaluation.
Participants can bring their lunch.
Participants can bring their own digital still video camera.
Participants can bring their own electronic image to manipulate or use one provided.
Participants can bring their own partner or choose one from the group.
Participants can bring their own pruning tools and get instruction during the session.
Participants can bring their own score or purchase one at the door.
Participants can bring their own specimens for identification.
Participants can browse through and read the Native American books that are on display.
Participants can buy a luminary in memory of someone who has died of cancer.
Participants can buy books on related topics at reduced prices.
Participants can call ahead of customs and immigration clearance before they arrive in Canada.
Participants can call from their office, home, or from anywhere there is a telephone.
Participants can call in any time, up to midnight, to report on that day s newspaper.
Participants can camp in their own tents, or sleep in a camp platform tent.
Participants can camp or stay in a local motel.
Participants can cast as many votes for a single topic as they wish.
Participants can challenge themselves at a level they are most comfortable with.
Participants can change clothes at the club.
Participants can change their contribution percentage quarterly.
Participants can check back on results of puzzles run earlier in the year.
Participants can check the Web site for updates throughout the competition.
Participants can check their earnings in real time.
Participants can choose a morning or afternoon session.
Participants can choose accommodation between modern student apartments, summer hotels and hotels.
Participants can choose among four classes each night.
Participants can choose an introduction to cardio equipment or the machine weights.
Participants can choose any aircraft that is available in the game.
Participants can choose any dental provider.
Participants can choose any provider for general or specialized care.
Participants can choose as little as one or as many as three courses to take.
Participants can choose between academic semester or full-year homestay programs or summer camps.
Participants can choose between finishing a bird feeder or designing a rattle.
Participants can choose between one and two days' instruction.
Participants can choose between small groups or individual sessions.
Participants can choose between soup, meat sandwich and potato chips, or a fruit plate.
Participants can choose between technical or educational research projects.
Participants can choose between three medical options and two dental options.
Participants can choose either an interview or a survey form.
Participants can choose either application during hands-on time.
Participants can choose either two art education workshops or one longer studio class.
Participants can choose from a range of accommodations.
Participants can choose from a selection of hotels of different standards and prices.
Participants can choose from a variety of classes that demonstrate pedagogical uses of technology.
Participants can choose from a variety of courses in a menu-style format.
Participants can choose from a wide range of employment training and educational opportunities.
Participants can choose from a wide variety of investment funds.
Participants can choose from an enormous range of jobs.
Participants can choose from anonymous, semi-anonymous, or known relationships.
Participants can choose from many different competitive levels.
Participants can choose from many well-known fund managers when putting together their portfolios.
Participants can choose from one of the preset views or control the camera individually.
Participants can choose from swimming, basketball, football, baseball, rock climbing, or track.
Participants can choose from two wreath styles.
Participants can choose from various free and for fee support options.
Participants can choose one of several available cost categories.
Participants can choose one of several beneficiaries.
Participants can choose the exercise equipment they wish to use.
Participants can choose the morning or afternoon presentation.
Participants can choose the most favorite one to fit their interests.
Participants can choose the room with or without breakfast.
Participants can choose the topic freely.
Participants can choose their level of involvement.
Participants can choose their own activities and can exercise at their own pace a nd convenience.
Participants can choose their own mix of activities.
Participants can choose three electives from nine topics available.
Participants can choose to answer either the French or English writing contest.
Participants can choose to arrive one or two weeks earlier or stay additional weeks.
Participants can choose to attend any combination of the three days.
Participants can choose to attend any one day or both.
Participants can choose to attend any two workshops.
Participants can choose to attend both, or the banquet only.
Participants can choose to attend one, two, three, or all four days of the conference.
Participants can choose to attend three of the topics from concurrent sessions.
Participants can choose to attend two or three days per week.
Participants can choose to audit the driving lesson for a reduced rate.
Participants can choose to be mentored by more experienced students or people working in industry.
Participants can choose to be part of the evening performance.
Participants can choose to come to the morning or the afternoon session.
Participants can choose to concentrate in poetry, fiction or personal narrative essay.
Participants can choose to concentrate on poetry, fiction, or the personal narrative essay.
Participants can choose to do a weekend or a midweek course.
Participants can choose to enroll in one or more courses from the program.
Participants can choose to exit the activity at any time.
Participants can choose to explore non-intensive applications.
Participants can choose to explore the future or go back in time to explore the past through books.
Participants can choose to invest from among fifteen core investment options.
Participants can choose to invest in any combination of the three funds.
Participants can choose to participate in any or all the phases of the expedition.
Participants can choose to pay all or part of their taxes at any time.
Participants can choose to run or walk.
Participants can choose to sleep in the dorm or camp near the shore or in the woods.
Participants can choose to submit material relating to all or any of the categories listed below.
Participants can choose up to three courses a week from the sixteen to eighteen on offer.
Participants can choose which manufacture they are most interested in researching.
Participants can choose which one to attend.
Participants can choose whichever day and time works best for their schedule.
Participants can clearly see what the decision revolves around.
Participants can click here to join our team .
Participants can collaboratively develop hypothetical urban dynamics.
Participants can collect pledges for each hour they fast.
Participants can collect pledges for each kilometer that they walk.
Participants can color in strong preferences or a mix of styles in any combination.
Participants can come earlier and leave later in accordance with their wishes.
Participants can come for a day, a weekend, or a week.
Participants can come for either or both, once or twice a week.
Participants can come for one or all sessions.
Participants can come for the whole day or for parts that most address their needs and interests.
Participants can come in and out of the program if their income goes up or down.
Participants can come to the parks as often as they like.
Participants can comment on the complete document, or comment on specific paragraphs or sentences.
Participants can communicate by telephone, fax or by electronic mail.
Participants can communicate with each other from wherever they are and whenever they please.
Participants can compare notes, exchange insights, solve problems, and provide mutual inspiration.
Participants can compare their reaction to the actions of real editors and real newspapers.
Participants can compare their reactions to the actions of real editors and newspapers.
Participants can compete against the clock and each other or ski the courses recreationally.
Participants can compete as triatheletes or members of a relay team.
Participants can compete each day to earn a better chance to get to the finals.
Participants can compete for prizes by trying to outdo each other in raising pledges.
Participants can compete in as many events as they like.
Participants can compete in free skating, figure skating, dancing and pair and speed skating events.
Participants can compete in teams, and individual players can join or drop out at any time.
Participants can compete individually or as a team of three.
Participants can compete individually or in a team of two.
Participants can compete individually or in two to three person teams.
Participants can compile a bibliography as a resource for other tutors and the program.
Participants can complete a customized project during training.
Participants can complete both programs in the convenience of their home or office.
Participants can complete online activities and quizzes with immediate feedback.
Participants can complete the exercises at their current level of fitness.
Participants can complete the lessons on their own computers and at their own pace.
Participants can complete their degrees in approximately three years of part-time study.
Participants can compose their thoughts and replies with as much time as required.
Participants can continue their plan when they retire or leave state service.
Participants can continue to discuss each others' responses during the week by email.
Participants can contribute in the language of their choice.
Participants can contribute their own dreams.
Participants can contribute through posters and oral presentations.
Participants can contribute with virtually no demand on their time.
Participants can count on a weekly ten hours or so for preparation.
Participants can create a new look for each one by selecting various materials.
Participants can create discussions using rich text for added emphasis.
Participants can create one or more mockups for a future project by the end of the workshop.
Participants can create their own chain reaction out of materials lying around the house.
Participants can create their own folk pieces.
Participants can create their own origami crafts as well.
Participants can customize the contest to fit their own interests.
Participants can debate the pros and cons of such motivations.
Participants can decide in advance whether to accept the decision as binding or nonbinding.
Participants can define commonly used terms so that concepts can be communicated.
Participants can define physical activity based on personal habits.
Participants can define their own peer groups.
Participants can describe similar expressions that have been heard in their communities.
Participants can designate their pledges to support any one of dozens of programs.
Participants can develop a sense of perspective on their role in an ever emerging global society.
Participants can develop existing interest or try something new.
Participants can develop existing interests or try something new.
Participants can develop new processes or react to already existing running ones.
Participants can develop new processes or react to already existing, ongoing ones.
Participants can develop projects of their own choice for immediate use in their classroom.
Participants can dial out to instantly bring new participants into the conference.
Participants can digest the content and complete the weekly assignments at their own speed.
Participants can direct voluntary contributions among six authorized investment carriers.
Participants can direct voluntary contributions among six authorized investment vendors.
Participants can directly access their plan investments via either the Internet or voice response.
Participants can discuss business issues in a relaxed atmosphere.
Participants can discuss fuure preservation planning with architects on site.
Participants can discuss internal problems freely.
Participants can discuss problems and anxieties related to prostate cancer.
Participants can download and use the same.
Participants can download it free of charge.
Participants can draw diagrams, keep notes etc.
Participants can draw easily from resources on the Internet.
Participants can draw on the whiteboard and other course participants can see what has been drawn.
Participants can draw, match, design, label, observe, compose, chart, create, read, and study.
Participants can dress more formally for evening receptions and dinners with special guests.
Participants can dress themselves and pets in costumes or build a float for the pets.
Participants can drive separately to the trailhead.
Participants can drop in to individual sessions or stay for the day.
Participants can drop their completed entry card into the box available on the tour.
Participants can each have their own banana or zucchini to practise using condoms.
Participants can earn a t-shirt and more.
Participants can earn certificates in higher education leadership upon completion.
Participants can earn college credit for their work and additional studies.
Participants can earn college credit in music performance and music history.
Participants can earn college credit while traveling and studying in other countries.
Participants can earn college or high school credit.
Participants can earn continuing education credits for sessions attended.
Participants can earn continuing education credits.
Participants can earn five different levels of breeders awards.
Participants can earn four NMUcredits as part of the experience for an additional fee.
Participants can earn from one to three semester hours of graduate credit.
Participants can earn graduate credit and continuing education unit credit.
Participants can earn incentive payments for each session that they are in attendance.
Participants can earn more by working more hours.
Participants can earn six UB credits or select the non-credit option.
Participants can earn two hours of college credit if they attend four full days.
Participants can earn university credit or attend on a non-credit basis.
Participants can earn up to seven undergraduate or six graduate credits.
Participants can earn up to six clock hours of in-service credit.
Participants can easily get a ride in government taxis at all hours of the day.
Participants can easily identify peers who share their fitness and wellness interests.
Participants can easily interchange between the two symposia.
Participants can easily move back and forth between the two workshops.
Participants can easily see who responds to what.
Participants can easily travel to Kalamazoo after the conference.
Participants can either approve or disapprove and share comments.
Participants can either be individuals or in a team.
Participants can either fish individually or as a team.
Participants can either pay in full upon acceptance or can pay in four easy installments.
Participants can either submit an artistic rendering or a written description of a design.
Participants can either subscribe to the entire e-conference or separately to one or more forums.
Participants can either walk or run in the event.
Participants can elect to be video taped while mediating.
Participants can elect to take the summer chorus sessions to receive university course credit.
Participants can electronically submit their proposals.
Participants can engage in activities such as face painting, carnival games and caricature drawings.
Participants can engage in dialog with the speakers and session leaders as well as with each other.
Participants can engage in real-time phone conversations with other participants via the Internet.
Participants can engage the material from pretty much anywhere, anytime.
Participants can enjoy a free cafeteria dinner prior to each class.
Participants can enjoy a game of water tag as well as frisbee spin art.
Participants can enjoy activities like hiking, kayaking, and cycling.
Participants can enjoy all the facilities in the resort area.
Participants can enjoy gala grand tastings, winemaker dinners and a wind-up gourmet brunch.
Participants can enjoy holiday music and try their hand at different Victorian crafts.
Participants can enjoy nature trails around the facilities.
Participants can enjoy teanet service.
Participants can enjoy the excitement of learning to cook from real wagons.
Participants can enjoy the race by either running or walking.
Participants can enjoy water sports, barbecuing, volleyball and music on the beach.
Participants can enjoy yoga by the class or sign up for multiple sessions.
Participants can enroll at any time.
Participants can enroll in one module or the entire series.
Participants can enroll in one or both weeks of the independent sessions.
Participants can enroll in the program through their nearest district forester.
Participants can enroll online and monitor and manage their accounts using the Web.
Participants can enter a logo and design.
Participants can enter as many times as they wish.
Participants can enter ideas on their computer for group evaluation.
Participants can enter on the right side of the building and check in with the office.
Participants can enter once a day until the end of the contest.
Participants can enter once a week until the close of the contest.
Participants can enter only once.
Participants can enter only one photograph per category up to a maximum of three entries per person.
Participants can enter the event individually or as members of three person teams.
Participants can enter the virtual classroom simply by clicking on a URL in an email invitation.
Participants can even dissect an oyster.
Participants can even draw on-line, thanks to the technology of a whiteboard.
Participants can even make up their own question cards to study any subject of their choice.
Participants can even manipulate the data, and send one another confidential messages.
Participants can exchanges messages through the Web interface or by e-mail.
Participants can exercise initiative and originality in their hospitality.
Participants can expect a hands-on experience.
Participants can expect a hands-on presentation in discussing the definition of youth development.
Participants can expect a positive and productive experience.
Participants can expect approximately one hour of reading and one hour of homework each week.
Participants can expect costs to increase slightly each year.
Participants can expect expert instruction in a supportive environment.
Participants can expect informal conversation, free snacks, and intercultural sharing.
Participants can expect new insights, networking opportunities, friendship, good humor and fun.
Participants can expect optimal opportunity for questions and discussion.
Participants can expect the book to be published end of summer next year.
Participants can expect the highest levels of excellence in preparation and quality of competition.
Participants can expect their results in three to four weeks.
Participants can expect to be actively involved in the discussion and didactic sessions.
Participants can expect to be outdoors doing some light hiking.
Participants can expect to develop both critical thinking and life long learning skills.
Participants can expect to do some hiking at various sites.
Participants can expect to do some moderate hiking and canoeing.
Participants can expect to feel a new and profound sense of confidence.
Participants can expect to feel simultaneously relaxed, calm and energized.
Participants can expect to have several mockups for projects by the end of the session.
Participants can expect to improve self-esteem, confidence, fitness level, and discipline.
Participants can expect to learn about safety systems, belay escapes and self-rescue.
Participants can expect to learn.
Participants can expect to leave with at least one good new idea.
Participants can expect to share such responses with the class on a regular basis.
Participants can expect to sharpen two or three tools during the session.
Participants can expect to take a more in-depth look at the income capitalization process.
Participants can expect to take short surveys about once a week.
Participants can expect warm days and cool nights.
Participants can explore emerging solutions in the light of the requirements of various communities.
Participants can explore the following options.
Participants can extend their training for a second year.
Participants can fax or e-mail questions to presenters.
Participants can feel free to invite friends and family along for support.
Participants can feel more comfortable in their own environment.
Participants can find a visa application form on the website.
Participants can find information in the directory by going to the search page by clicking here .
Participants can find information in the directory by going to the search page.
Participants can find new insights and techniques to share with colleagues and children.
Participants can find out how additional children can affect a family s finances.
Participants can fish either morning or afternoon sessions.
Participants can focus on literature, history, politics, or performing arts.
Participants can focus on the goals and objectives of the meeting.
Participants can follow the story through demonstration performances of several quartets on stage.
Participants can follow-up by comparing notes with each other and offering assistance to the leader.
Participants can gain access to platforms for applications development, test, and verification.
Participants can gain hands-on experience in the health science field.
Participants can gain insight and support as they interact with one another.
Participants can generally change the amount of pay that is deferred and how it is invested.
Participants can generally choose to defer an amount other than the default percentage.
Participants can get an online modeling agency added into their web sites.
Participants can get money to help with traveling to job interviews, relocation, or schooling.
Participants can get the full range of possibilities out of their software.
Participants can give reasons later.
Participants can give their input in site surveys.
Participants can glide through a snow-covered forest when the moon is bright.
Participants can go as fast as they like and they can decide which route to take.
Participants can grade their own and ask questions to clarify and understand their wrong answers.
Participants can have any level of computer ability.
Participants can have different identities on line.
Participants can have immediate and real-time feedback.
Participants can have only one outstanding loan at a time.
Participants can have their own home pages with photos on line and direct e-mail connection.
Participants can have their resum s critiqued in class by everyone, as well as the instructor.
Participants can have their vehicles tested for emissions by qualified technicians at no charge.
Participants can hear and see each other easily.
Participants can hear each other, albeit poorly.
Participants can hear the presentation either through streaming audio or via teleconference.
Participants can help create a sense of community by bringing ideas for events, games or parties.
Participants can help each other by participating enthusiastically in their own and others' items.
Participants can help forge the hardware for their yokes.
Participants can help others.
Participants can help plan the menu and bring a portion of the meal.
Participants can help run the camping sites built by the villagers for the tourists.
Participants can help to establish a world record for letter writing.
Participants can hike on their own or with a park ranger.
Participants can hire such equipment locally at their own cost and risk.
Participants can immediately apply new skills and knowledge on the job.
Participants can immediately view a summary of the votes, broken down by gender, race and age.
Participants can include families and a range of professionals from state and community agencies.
Participants can increase efficiency and utilization of fixed assets, and reduce excess inventory.
Participants can increase their odds of winning by buying several chances on a item.
Participants can incur penalty points, games or matches for unsportsmanlike conduct.
Participants can interact and add to another's discussion.
Participants can interact with community volunteers who assist staff members.
Participants can interact with the instructor hundreds of miles away.
Participants can interact with the seminar instructor after the presentation.
Participants can interact with their colleagues from around Nebraska via the videoconference system.
Participants can interact with visual presentations and audioconference at the same time.
Participants can interactively communicate with other sites in real time and reduce travel expenses.
Participants can investigate one area of science or computers in depth during the institute.
Participants can jog, bike or walk the three-mile round trip.
Participants can join a group tour or assemble friends for a private party.
Participants can join all throughout semester.
Participants can join an introductory class and then progress through a phase of classes.
Participants can join anytime.
Participants can join at any time.
Participants can join fellow students in prayer and praise.
Participants can join in and leave at any time.
Participants can join in at any time.
Participants can join in morning and afternoon prayers.
Participants can join in on a walk through the woods and learn to make tincture or salve afterwards.
Participants can join the audio conference remotely from anywhere in the country.
Participants can join the classes at any time during the semester.
Participants can join the group at any time.
Participants can keep a log of their daily mileage.
Participants can learn about each other as well as learn about the content of the Web pages.
Participants can learn about the church and express their personal experiences.
Participants can learn about the natural and cultural history of South Dakota.
Participants can learn about the size and location of their fibroids.
Participants can learn and explore new activities in an outdoor setting.
Participants can learn how to write proposals for international cooperation projects.
Participants can learn in a safe and non-competitive environment at their own pace.
Participants can learn more about the various types of financial aid available and apply online.
Participants can learn more about their other working mates.
Participants can learn some American Indian dances.
Participants can learn the basic principles online, then reconvene for actual practice.
Participants can learn to play volleyball and horseshoes.
Participants can learn to recognize and manage their own reactions to change.
Participants can leave notes for each other.
Participants can leave pending results.
Participants can leave with meeting results in hand.
Participants can listen to audio, view slides and ask questions.
Participants can listen to formal presentations, hands-on landscape and garden experiences.
Participants can live anywhere in the U.S., and the study can be completed by telephone and mail.
Participants can locate items in documents and discussions using a keyword search tool as well.
Participants can log in whenever they want, catch up on the discussion and join in.
Participants can login the system through the Internet at anytime.
Participants can logon to securely review online continuing education credit.
Participants can look at and discuss graphs, charts, drawings, and other complex images.
Participants can look forward to being on television, though.
Participants can look forward to free goodie bags and lucky draw coupons at the end point.
Participants can look to the workshop for practical presentations of techniques and skills.
Participants can make a short video postcard to send to a friend or put on a web page.
Participants can make an initial selection from among seven different investment funds.
Participants can make an initial selection from among seven different investment portfolios.
Participants can make improvements through training efforts.
Participants can make money by selling the goods or services.
Participants can make reservations directly to the center with the Hotel Reservation Form by fax.
Participants can make the matches go smoother by helping out.
Participants can make their own paper butterfly or raise real monarchs.
Participants can make up role-plays in pairs about responding to pressure and negotiating safer sex.
Participants can march as individuals by age, in small or large groups, by float or on bicycle.
Participants can march as individuals by age, or in small or large groups, or by float.
Participants can meet in study groups or work through the course as individuals.
Participants can meet the artists personally and learn something new.
Participants can meet their colleagues at a networking lunch.
Participants can meet with advisors and register for fall classes while on campus during the summer.
Participants can milk a cow and grab eggs from a hen as well as dig for potatoes and pick apples.
Participants can misrepresent themselves.
Participants can mobilize their communities.
Participants can monitor their display and click statistics anytime, click here .
Participants can more easily focus on the goals and objectives of the meeting.
Participants can move around and watch from any angle or location.
Participants can move forward and backward or to the corners and back.
Participants can move from room to room as they like and transport material.
Participants can nominate captains or players that best exemplify the departments rules and mission.
Participants can now contribute their organisation profile to the site.
Participants can now enter the virtual publisher here .
Participants can now sign up by e-mail as well as by phone.
Participants can now upload their organisation profiles.
Participants can obtain basic knowledge and operating skills for computers and the Internet.
Participants can of course pass on units they have received to others.
Participants can only define themselves in terms of language.
Participants can only enter in one class for contest credit.
Participants can only import goods for their own personal use.
Participants can only join in a Boardroom group when there is an opening so attendance is important.
Participants can only participate in one focus group.
Participants can only qualify for one entry.
Participants can only walk or dance in a clockwise circle around the host drum.
Participants can only win one prize each.
Participants can only win one prize.
Participants can open as many accounts as needed and transfer funds easily between accounts.
Participants can open threads of discussion to which others can respond.
Participants can opt for homestays with Mexican families or stay in local hotels.
Participants can opt for many different drinking scenarios.
Participants can opt to decorate wagons for their pooped pups.
Participants can opt to finish a quarter, half, three-quarter or the whole marathon.
Participants can opt to finish at the quarter, half or three-quarter mark.
Participants can opt to receive a certificate of attendance in the workshops.
Participants can opt to run between the vineyards or simply sit back an enjoy the ride.
Participants can order additional survey copies for a fee.
Participants can order from the menu.
Participants can order papers during the conference on one day s notice.
Participants can order their own drinks and appetizers and also have the option to stay for dinner.
Participants can order, purchase, and complete the programs online.
Participants can pace their development against that of others of the same age.
Participants can pace themselves, or follow the weekly readings and course materials.
Participants can paddle their own rafts or canoes under the watchful eye of our guides.
Participants can pamper themselves with facials and back rubs.
Participants can partake in the program as much or as little as they desire.
Participants can pass if nothing comes to mind when it is their turn to supply a descriptor.
Participants can pay at the door.
Participants can pay either a lump sum or choose an affordable monthly payment plan.
Participants can pay for the class weekly or with a single discounted payment.
Participants can pay per meal or purchase a meal ticket.
Participants can pay sliding scale registration fees or volunteer and waive fees.
Participants can pay the fee the day of the tournament.
Participants can phone in questions to the presenters and receive answers on air during the program.
Participants can pick up a greenhouse-grown Colorado plant after their meal.
Participants can pick up packets one-half hour prior to the beginning of the course.
Participants can pick up registration form at foyer table.
Participants can pick up their copy of The Nature of Alexander at the DCPL when they register.
Participants can place their votes on the best web and guest sites.
Participants can plan on spending a rewarding day beautifying the river and surrounding area.
Participants can plan on spending a rewarding day beautifying the river and surrounding areas.
Participants can plan to complete course work any time during the week at their convenience.
Participants can play two, sometimes three, tournaments a week.
Participants can play with more than one card at a time.
Participants can pose and answer questions, have discussions and make comments or observations.
Participants can post articles and information here.
Participants can post comments, questions, and ideas.
Participants can post messages on designated topics.
Participants can post photos of themselves.
Participants can post their own input and see how their results compare to others.
Participants can practice at their respective grade level, one grade level above or below.
Participants can practice checking for lumps using models specifically designed for the purpose.
Participants can practice English and develop friendships within the international community.
Participants can pray for each other.
Participants can present design problems encountered in their current work.
Participants can present research and management results in poster sessions.
Participants can present their work when discussing specific topics.
Participants can print confirmations of their transactions.
Participants can print hard copy to show to friends, family, at job and school interviews.
Participants can proceed through the program at their own pace.
Participants can propose sessions for the annual conference.
Participants can provide their input simultaneously and anonymously via computer.
Participants can purchase and build model rockets at the event or bring their own rockets.
Participants can purchase contracts to pay for one to nine semesters of future tuition and fees.
Participants can purchase food and diaper packages.
Participants can purchase food and drink on the premises.
Participants can purchase fresh bird seed at considerable savings.
Participants can purchase single meals on campus in the dining hall.
Participants can purchase the Academic Edition of the software from resellers.
Participants can purchase the book in advance or immediately after the workshop.
Participants can purchase the book or get it from the library.
Participants can purchase their own book or be placed on the holds list for a library copy.
Participants can purchase tickets at packet pickup, or at the door.
Participants can put first things first in their development efforts.
Participants can put their rubrics in their notebooks.
Participants can qualify for the Boston Marathon and other accredited international marathons.
Participants can quickly and easily add new items and comment on existing ones.
Participants can raise funds for their organizations and help fish and wildlife at the same time.
Participants can raise money by getting pledges.
Participants can raise taxes and cut programs as they wish to achieve a balanced budget.
Participants can raise their grade point averages.
Participants can raise their hands, answer yes or no, and give feedback in real-time.
Participants can range from beginning lap swimmers through ex-high school and college stars.
Participants can range from high school students to the foremost authority in the field.
Participants can reach a point where they become fully emerged into an artificial environment.
Participants can read a variety of library materials, share reviews with their peers and win prizes.
Participants can read about the sesions they missed.
Participants can read and respond with only a few mouse clicks.
Participants can read and respond, either to the original message, or to one of the responses.
Participants can read on the Web or receive new messages via email.
Participants can read poetry, play or play an original acoustic musical composition.
Participants can read the clue, guess the answer and open the card to check their answers.
Participants can read the two stories silently.
Participants can read up to five pages in length or three poems.
Participants can read, post, and reply to messages in a particular topic group.
Participants can reasonably expect to complete two small projects during the course.
Participants can receive a free glucose screening and a low-cost cholesterol check.
Participants can receive academic, physical education credit for their involvement.
Participants can receive an evaluation of their writing from the guest authors.
Participants can receive grants for many purposes under several CZMA provisions.
Participants can receive instant feedback if desired.
Participants can receive professional development hours for continuing education credits.
Participants can receive professional development units.
Participants can receive two hours of mandated poultry education credit by attending the meeting.
Participants can receive up to eight free counseling sessions per incident, per year.
Participants can record their information in a lab notebook, setup experiments, and observe results.
Participants can register and complete any pre-course assessments through the Internet.
Participants can register at any time throughout the program.
Participants can register at the door.
Participants can register by completing the registration form and payment of the fee.
Participants can register by mail or through a secure web site.
Participants can register by mail, online, and in person.
Participants can register early to better the chance of getting a session.
Participants can register for credits at the workshop.
Participants can register for either one or both clinics.
Participants can register for one or both.
Participants can register for one or more programs or purchase a tape and transcript of any program.
Participants can register for one or more sessions.
Participants can register for one, or all of the days.
Participants can register for one, two or the three sessions.
Participants can register for specific days or the entire week.
Participants can register for the conference on-line .
Participants can register for the entire institute or one week only.
Participants can register for the entire weekend, a single day, or workshop.
Participants can register for the overnight camp or as a commuter.
Participants can register for the Seminar online using a major credit card via a secure server.
Participants can register for the seminars online.
Participants can register in advance or the day of the conference.
Participants can register in advance or the day of the race.
Participants can register in advance, or on the day of the event.
Participants can register on the same day subject to availability.
Participants can register on the Web site or at the seminar.
Participants can register online, via fax or by mail.
Participants can register separately for each part.
Participants can register the morning of the show.
Participants can register to attend the three hour morning session or the full seven hours.
Participants can register to be notified by email when new topics are posted.
Participants can register to run the full marathon or run in split and quad relay teams.
Participants can register to walk the same distances as well.
Participants can register up through the day of the parade.
Participants can register up to the first night of the course.
Participants can reinforce one another in applying the education gained.
Participants can re-issue their solution as they like.
Participants can relate a number of specific reading strategies to the media center programs.
Participants can relate and use a number of specific reading strategies to media center programs.
Participants can relax for the afternoon.
Participants can remain in the program for up to nine months.
Participants can reply anonymously.
Participants can request a screen name or drop in as a guest.
Participants can request or download forms packages and SPDs.
Participants can request subjects to look up on the Web.
Participants can research the history of cell discovery and microscopes.
Participants can reserve in advance by undertaking to pay upon arrival.
Participants can return each year to complete a new class and earn additional certifications.
Participants can return to a course as a quick reference or refresher.
Participants can room at the workshop site or in one of the local bed and breakfasts.
Participants can rotate to various seminars to complete a different task at each station.
Participants can rotate when they want to sing or play.
Participants can run according to the marked course or choose another shorter route without marking.
Participants can sample both the case-based and traditional curriculum formats.
Participants can sample homebrew from among the thousands of entrants in the homebrew competition.
Participants can sample regional Italian cuisine while meeting internationally minded people.
Participants can schedule conferences and access conference recordings from any web browser.
Participants can see a running tally of response totals in real time.
Participants can see and hear each other in a four-quadrant picture, onequadrant for each campus.
Participants can see and hear live presentations using Web video conferencing.
Participants can see and respond to requests without installing any client software.
Participants can see and respond to workflow requests without installing any client software.
Participants can see and speak to each other, write notes and exchange files and graphics.
Participants can see each other's anonymous contributions.
Participants can see live video within the browser, including users that are behind firewalls.
Participants can see where they are in the project.
Participants can see, hear and talk with each other even though they are miles apart.
Participants can select a topic to comment on.
Participants can select any breakout group.
Participants can select any three.
Participants can select e-mail, fax, or postal mail communications.
Participants can select from hip-hop, pointe, variations, stretch and yoga, and rhythmic gymnastics.
Participants can select sessions that meet their specific needs.
Participants can select the level they want to work at during each interval.
Participants can select the location and day of the week that meets their needs.
Participants can select their own characters and control their face expressions.
Participants can self subscribe or unsubscribe.
Participants can send messages to leaders.
Participants can send questions over an e-mail function on the web site.
Participants can send questions to the presenter using text chat.
Participants can send text messages to other users.
Participants can send their finished photographs to the instructors for critiques.
Participants can set the value.
Participants can set up folders and upload and download documents.
Participants can set up personal or organizational Web site for class credit.
Participants can set up their own informal carpools.
Participants can share as much or as little as they are comfortable with sharing.
Participants can share document in the remote conference session.
Participants can share emotions.
Participants can share information on common interests.
Participants can share potential gains to fund e-government initiatives.
Participants can share what they wrote or simply talk about what they learned doing the exercise.
Participants can show their support by displaying a blue bow on their collar or car antenna.
Participants can sign costshare agreements during the first three years of implementation.
Participants can sign up at the safety tent.
Participants can sign up for a single excursion or the entire series, and dogs on leash are welcome.
Participants can sign up for door prizes and other activities.
Participants can sign up for each service individually.
Participants can sign up for either day.
Participants can sign up for either or both .
Participants can sign up for either or both segments.
Participants can sign up for individual days or elect to go the full distance.
Participants can sign up for individual days or for the entire trip.
Participants can sign up for individual days or go the full distance.
Participants can sign up for individual weeks and sessions or for the entire summer.
Participants can sign up for one of two sessions.
Participants can sign up for one or the other, or register for both as a single discounted package.
Participants can sign up for one, two or three modules in any combination.
Participants can sign up for parts of the tour or the whole five weeks.
Participants can sign up for the full camp or just for individual days.
Participants can sign up for the rides in the parts department before the ride.
Participants can sign up for the whole conference or for individual days.
Participants can sign up for the whole day or just the afternoon.
Participants can sign up for tree planting training and trees to be planted in the fall.
Participants can sign up to become mentors at the end of the session.
Participants can sit back and learn without saying a word if they so choose.
Participants can sit in a circle.
Participants can sit in on the discussion topics they're most interested in.
Participants can sit inside a vehicle made only of light.
Participants can ski the snow-covered streets from their hotels right to the trails.
Participants can slip or fall during a hike, resulting in injury.
Participants can slip or fall during any activity resulting in injury or death.
Participants can soak their aching bones in the soothing medicinal waters at the health spa.
Participants can sort by thread, subject, author or date.
Participants can specialize in any of the three tracks currently available in the graduate program.
Participants can specify more than one observation location.
Participants can specify whether their response is fact, hypothesis, opinion or question.
Participants can spend any length of time in the program.
Participants can spend as much time as they want counting birds during the three day period.
Participants can start anywhere on the perimeter.
Participants can start calling in immediately to make their reservations.
Participants can start, stop contribution during course of year, as determined by the company.
Participants can start, stop, restart funding as employees elect.
Participants can state the purpose of the workshop.
Participants can stay a few hours or spend the entire night out.
Participants can stay and eat on the campus.
Participants can stay away from a forum for a while and, upon returning, can catch up quite easily.
Participants can stay in study up to one year.
Participants can stay in the group for only as long as they can follow the discussion.
Participants can stay in the hotel booked in Amsterdam throughout the meeting.
Participants can stay up to two years in the programs.
Participants can stick to one track or cross tracks to gain different viewpoints.
Participants can still provide data in hard copy as well.
Participants can still share documents and collaborate.
Participants can submit contributions in either English, Spanish, or French.
Participants can submit questions.
Participants can submit research papers and program proposals.
Participants can subscribe and unsubscribe from lists.
Participants can subscribe and unsubscribe from the list by email or via the web site as they wish.
Participants can subscribe or unsubcribe at any time.
Participants can subscribe or unsubscribe at any time.
Participants can subscribe or unsubscribe themselves to the list at any time.
Participants can subsequently hire a coach at a reduced rate.
Participants can suggest other activities for teaching similar content, too.
Participants can switch from documents to live images easily.
Participants can tailor the conference to their needs by selecting the workshops of their choice.
Participants can tailor the day to fit their needs by selecting from concurrent sessions.
Participants can tailor their award to their own interests and passions.
Participants can tailor their own schedule to focus exclusively on music, dance or a mix of both.
Participants can take a new look at the traditional art of quilting in an online environment.
Participants can take advantage of a dance outfit resale booth.
Participants can take advantage of a large interdepartmental network of resources.
Participants can take advantage of a telephone bank set up for contacting prospective employers.
Participants can take all six courses or individual courses.
Participants can take as few or as many classes as they want and can stay on campus or off.
Participants can take either or both sessions.
Participants can take graduate courses as an undergraduate.
Participants can take home the items they craft.
Participants can take part in any of the scheduled activities.
Participants can take part in concerts, rallies, parades, and much more.
Participants can take part or simply observe.
Participants can take the program at home on their own schedule, with no loss of salary.
Participants can take the three day trip to Mexico City as a complement for the contact hours.
Participants can take the vision examination following the review course.
Participants can take three courses during the day.
Participants can take turns among themselves to be the active site during a conference.
Participants can take up to four courses during one term.
Participants can take up to seven years to complete the programme from the date of their first exam.
Participants can teach science, math and any other classes they are interested in.
Participants can test their knowledge of the university with multiple choice questions.
Participants can then ask their questions.
Participants can then choose between two tours.
Participants can then consult the chat calendar to register for desired chats.
Participants can then create collages with the materials on their tables.
Participants can then customize classes around the needs of their individual libraries.
Participants can then develop their own proposals for effective crime prevention programs.
Participants can then enjoy demonstrations, presentations, workshops, food and arts and crafts.
Participants can then have a short, confidential visit with an addiction therapist.
Participants can then make a choice about their decision to participate in the activity.
Participants can then make more informed decisions on their career choices.
Participants can then read and review everyone's analysis and suggestions.
Participants can then recoup that investment through receipt of volunteer services by others.
Participants can then respond to questions displayed on the monitor or projector screen.
Participants can then respond via email with insights and suggestions or identify related problems.
Participants can then sample different soyfoods at the end of the presentation.
Participants can then take additional computer classes with confidence.
Participants can then take advantage of a variety of employment opportunities.
Participants can then take some responsibility of their safety.
Participants can therefore register for one tutorial in the morning and another in the afternoon.
Participants can think about their own communities.
Participants can trade equities and options using current quotes at market prices with live brokers.
Participants can trade stocks and learn about the investment principles at the same time.
Participants can transfer their membership to their new home for a minimal fee.
Participants can try their hand at a number of cooking schools led by premier chefs.
Participants can try to extract DNA from other plant material.
Participants can try wines and purchase their favorites at the on-site retail store.
Participants can type out and transmit questions to the speakers.
Participants can use any building materials and computer technology.
Participants can use field school costs as tax write-offs to the full extent of the law.
Participants can use Inspiration with students and staff.
Participants can use it at any time, copies being more or less at cost price.
Participants can use java download, or install browser plug-in.
Participants can use motorized chairs or be pushed if necessary.
Participants can use private boats or book a spot on a charter boat.
Participants can use sheet music or play by ear.
Participants can use the computers for sending or receiving electronic mails.
Participants can use the on screen tutorial to familiarize themselves with the process.
Participants can use the program with or without the assistance of an attorney.
Participants can use the quiz to survey people about biotechnology.
Participants can use the web to post messages, read messages, and respond to messages.
Participants can use toll-free lines to submit claims electronically.
Participants can usually get help from a social worker or intake worker.
Participants can vary the weight of the barbell based on individual strength and specific exercise.
Participants can view boxscores while the games are taking place hours away.
Participants can view corrected test.
Participants can view fine art and fine crafts and interact directly with the jury-selected artists.
Participants can view listing pages, search the database or update their listing.
Participants can view the artifacts.
Participants can view the prices for many different products and then make a buy or sell decision.
Participants can view the same document, make modifications, and reach consensus.
Participants can visit any dentist they choose.
Participants can visit at any time to meet others who have dropped in to relax and talk.
Participants can visit between their events.
Participants can visit Greece either before or after the play.
Participants can visit information booths and speak to nurse educators.
Participants can visit our Web site to see results of the research project.
Participants can visit regularly or from time to time as necessary.
Participants can visit schools and action labs.
Participants can visit with the fortune tellers or fish for goodies at the pole fishing booth.
Participants can volunteer at an earlier time.
Participants can walk around without attracting much attention.
Participants can walk one, three or five miles.
Participants can walk or jog between stations.
Participants can walk or run as individuals or in teams.
Participants can walk or run individually, as a group or team with family, friends, or co-workers.
Participants can walk, run, bike or rollerblade the distance.
Participants can walk, run, rollerblade, or ride a bicycle on the route.
Participants can walk, run, stroll or roller blade their way along the route.
Participants can watch the look on a sea lion face as they strategize to win the games.
Participants can watch the show while they feast on falafels, an Arabic vegetarian treat.
Participants can wear tribute signs in support or in memory of loved ones affected by cancer.
Participants can wear turf shoes or flats.
Participants can win by guessing correct numbers while visiting sponsor's Web sites.
Participants can win cash prizes for their work.
Participants can win free trades for life.
Participants can win great prizes and their entry fees support Tourism Calgary projects.
Participants can win more giveaways for correctly answering alcohol-related questions.
Participants can win only once.
Participants can win only one Grand Prize per campaign year.
Participants can win prizes and play exciting online games.
Participants can win prizes based on their knowledge of African-American history.
Participants can win rewards.
Participants can withdraw their own money for other reasons, but they lose the match if they do so.
Participants can withdraw their PRIs at any time.
Participants can work in either the public or private sector.
Participants can work in the nursery in producing the trees.
Participants can work in the park if they want to as well.
Participants can work in the workshop or sand-cut pieces before assembly.
Participants can work on a canvas in either oil or acrylic paint.
Participants can work on their own time in virtually any environment and location.
Participants can work on various codes and also bring their own.
Participants can work online at their own pace with in the limits of the schedule.
Participants can work online at their own pace within the limits of the schedule.
Participants can work with faculty at major research universities.
Participants can, at their discretion, select one or more, up to all ten, of the specified classes.
Participants capture thousands of rattlesnakes, other venomous snakes, and non-venomous snakes.
Participants capture, edit, and add sounds, narration, transitions, and titles.
Participants carefully examine or reflect upon the meaning of their service.
Participants carpool and provide own insurance, gas and food.
Participants carry a cellular telephone and wear orange arm bands for identification.
Participants carry all their personal gear plus a portion of the food and group equipment.
Participants carry out any of the 'alone' activities listed above - but with one or more others.
Participants carry out full-time student teaching with children who have special needs.
Participants carry red balloons, cancer survivors carry white balloons.
Participants carry their own belongings and the provided tents and airbeds.
Participants categorize a number of typical farm activities as to their importance and urgency.
Participants change their eating and exercise habits to lose weight safely.
Participants check in at the same registration table as other riders.
Participants check in periodically to read new messages.
Participants choose a spiritual guide from a diverse group of experienced directors.
Participants choose a topic to research and develop a research proposal as the final project.
Participants choose according to their interest.
Participants choose according to their interests and needs.
Participants choose an organisation-based personnel issue which is real, complex and broadly based.
Participants choose and analyse a real-world example which supports or refutes the assertion.
Participants choose and complete a research project with the supervision of an academic advisor.
Participants choose and complete three activities.
Participants choose any five of the seven events in which to compete.
Participants choose appropriate courses from the curriculum below.
Participants choose appropriate courses from the curriculum.
Participants choose appropriate courses from the list above.
Participants choose between three levels of exercise intensity.
Participants choose between two animation styles.
Participants choose diets.
Participants choose drug court and are encouraged to take control of their own recovery.
Participants choose five preferred languages from the pool at the time of their nomination.
Participants choose four out of the six activities.
Participants choose from a total of sixteen offerings.
Participants choose from a variety of qualified spiritual directors, with whom they meet regularly.
Participants choose from a variety of workshops.
Participants choose from among three thematic areas to explore in depth.
Participants choose from one or more World Week activities and acquire sponsors.
Participants choose from several pre-cast items.
Participants choose investment funds.
Participants choose learning goals individually and in small working groups.
Participants choose modules related to their area of interest, study or clinical practice.
Participants choose names out of a hat and take that artist's work home from the exhibition.
Participants choose one course for certification.
Participants choose one of seven courses.
Participants choose ONE of the dates in a region.
Participants choose one of the topics listed below, and join with others in discussion.
Participants choose one session.
Participants choose one track from the list provided.
Participants choose sessions for health care providers or sessions for musicians.
Participants choose several oral reading strategies from the text to try out with students.
Participants choose the area in which they want to teach.
Participants choose the level of involvement with which they are comfortable.
Participants choose the selections.
Participants choose the sessions they wish to attend.
Participants choose the type of restructuring and firms to be studied.
Participants choose their own activities and exercise at their own pace and convenience.
Participants choose their own activities within the four areas and set their own goals.
Participants choose their own financial dollar goal to increase savings or to reduce debt.
Participants choose their projects and their time commitments.
Participants choose three different workshops in lieu of a core course.
Participants choose to build a shortgrass or tallgrass prairie ecosystem.
Participants choose to engage in the live chat forum at their own risk.
Participants choose two land-based courses from the many offered.
Participants choose two seminars and a weekly fieldwork opportunity.
Participants choose which topics they want to learn in an open learning environment.
Participants cite impacts to visual quality, housing and agricultural land as well as high costs.
Participants claim the program has had a positive impact on their lives.
Participants clean the road at least three times a year.
Participants clearly define their educational interests at the time of enrollment.
Participants clearly enjoy the camaraderie that develops over the course of the tour adventure.
Participants clearly see their team in a new and productive way.
Participants Click here for a list of registered participants.
Participants Click here for photos.
Participants climb a pole, balance on top, and turn to leap for a rope.
Participants climb pitches appropriate to their ability.
Participants climb, jump, and swing their way to success.
Participants climb, swing, balance, jump, rappel, and devise solutions to a variety of problems.
Participants climb, swing, balance, jump, rappel, and think of solutions to a variety of activities.
Participants climb, swing, balance, jump, rappel, and think of solutions to a variety of situations.
Participants collaborate on developing lessons and building a regional network.
Participants collect a different stamp in their passport for each activity completed.
Participants collect a flat donation from co-workers, friends and family members.
Participants collect advance donations and bowl a game.
Participants collect brand-name clothes made in countries around the world.
Participants collect chips for each decision they make.
Participants collect contributions from family and friends to sponsor their walk.
Participants collect data that the group discusses.
Participants collect environmental data and information on the social behavior of spotted dolphins.
Participants collect information from vendors and service providers during session breaks.
Participants collect information, discuss, and document their findings.
Participants collect marine debris and record the types of trash they find.
Participants collect pledges after the event.
Participants collect pledges for each species they record.
Participants collect pledges of support, and volunteers manage the day's festive activities.
Participants collect pledges to support programs and research for multiple sclerosis.
Participants collect pledges, choose a day and look for birds.
Participants collect together in groups of similar people.
Participants collectively join to collaborate on the latest issues facing the work place.
Participants combine art and journaling, allowing their gifts of spirit to emerge.
Participants come and ski during the weeks surrounding that weekend.
Participants come armed with cake, whipped cream or pumpkin.
Participants come as individuals or as families with their teen-age children.
Participants come away energized, enlightened, and equipped to tackle workplace challenges.
Participants come away from each session with tools they can use immediately.
Participants come away from the march invigorated and inspired for another year of work.
Participants come away with concepts and skills they can apply immediately to real-life challenges.
Participants come back and share what they've learned with the campus community.
Participants come back every year to see old friends and meet new competitors.
Participants come back together and report on their small group discussions.
Participants come back together to share what they have learned and plan their next steps.
Participants come from a variety of backgrounds across many industries.
Participants come from a variety of disciplines.
Participants come from a variety of geographic locations and professional backgrounds.
Participants come from a variety of geographic locations throughout the world.
Participants come from a wide range of social and economic backgrounds.
Participants come from a wide variety of Christian traditions and backgrounds.
Participants come from a wide variety of local government departments.
Participants come from academia, industry, health care and the arts.
Participants come from across Canada and the United States.
Participants come from across the nation to compete in the many events.
Participants come from across the United States and Canada.
Participants come from all backgrounds and enjoy sharing in the cultural programmes.
Participants come from all backgrounds from psychology to biology, from architecture to music.
Participants come from all backgrounds.
Participants come from all chapters in Scandinavia.
Participants come from all continents, except Antarctica.
Participants come from all different backgrounds and are mostly adults.
Participants come from all different countries from the whole of Europe.
Participants come from all levels of academia, from elementary to the college level.
Participants come from all manner of backgrounds and experiences.
Participants come from all over Arkansas.
Participants come from all over the world.
Participants come from all walks of life and ethnic backgrounds.
Participants come from all walks of life and represent a wide range of lifestyles and backgrounds.
Participants come from all walks of life, offering their unique perspectives to the mix.
Participants come from around the world to attend residencies.
Participants come from around the world.
Participants come from as far away as Australia, Japan, and Israel.
Participants come from both academia and industry, from around the world.
Participants come from both private and government institutions.
Participants come from business, government, and academia.
Participants come from colleges and universities across North America.
Participants come from countries including England, Hungary, and Australia.
Participants come from engineering, basic science, and clinical departments.
Participants come from every imaginable constituency.
Participants come from every sector of agriculture and all parts of Texas.
Participants come from Great Britain, Germany, Belgium, Finland, Spain and the Netherlands.
Participants come from historically black universities in South Africa and from government.
Participants come from Israel, Argentina, Mexico, Panama and Australia.
Participants come from many different countries.
Participants come from many parts of the world.
Participants come from organizations at different stages of transition.
Participants come from organizations in the tri-state area.
Participants come from our community as well as from many other states and foreign countries.
Participants come from private industry, government, industry associations and academia.
Participants come from public, private, parochial and home-based schools in all areas of New Mexico.
Participants come from radio, television, magazine and newspaper newsrooms across the country.
Participants come from Texas, New Mexico, Oklahoma and Kansas.
Participants come from the best and worst neighborhoods of King County.
Participants come from the city, suburbs, upstate, and Long Island, and many from out of state.
Participants come from the countries in Asia and the Pacific region.
Participants come from the major research libraries in many countries.
Participants come from the private, nonprofit and public sectors.
Participants come from the U.S. and abroad.
Participants come from throughout the country.
Participants come from throughout the states of Washington, Oregon and Idaho.
Participants come from throughout the west.
Participants come from varied backgrounds and working experiences.
Participants come from varied ethnic, economic, and educational backgrounds.
Participants come from various cities in Syria for prayer, discussion, and hikes.
Participants come from various majors.
Participants come from within China and from outside of China.
Participants come from, eg.
Participants come in costume or traditional running gear.
Participants come into the program in a variety of ways.
Participants come mainly from Orange County.
Participants come mainly from the United States, Canada and Europe.
Participants come to our Conference because they want to belong.
Participants come to realize that teaching is still an important and respected profession.
Participants come to see that their opponents' views can also change.
Participants come to shed clothes, trance-dance, exchange idols, and watch mock pagan rituals.
Participants come to spend a month or more joining in whatever is going on during that time.
Participants come to the food pantry when they have run out of food.
Participants come to the Table or receive elements at their seats.
Participants come to the web-site with a problem or a question about a specific theme or issue.
Participants come to the workshop for a variety of reasons.
Participants come to training with a project in hand and work on it during sessions.
Participants come together for four seminars.
Participants come unprepared.
Participants come with relatively well-defined goals about what they want.
Participants comment on progress as the environments undergo development on the Web.
Participants commit for at least a year devoted to service to others.
Participants commit one year at a time to meet regularly in seminars led by a trained mentor.
Participants commit one year to the program.
Participants commit to a few hours of testing per week.
Participants commit to academic year follow-up sessions.
Participants commit to be alcohol, drug and nicotine free while living in the program.
Participants commit to several days of testing per month.
Participants commit to weekly service and communal prayer.
Participants communicate at a designated time determined by the person requesting the conference.
Participants communicate from as far away as Japan.
Participants communicate in real time, so there is no delay.
Participants communicate largely by e-mail and file transfers.
Participants communicate via email, videoconference, and visits.
Participants communicate with each other primarily through email and the annual meetings.
Participants communicate with their instructor and each other through email.
Participants compare approaches.
Participants compare notes, discuss ideas, develop organizational tools, and predict test items.
Participants compare the activity with similar situations in their work or community setting.
Participants compete against each other in three different legs of competition, one after another.
Participants compete against other law school students in various sporting events.
Participants compete against their own times only and receive a medal and a t-shirt.
Participants compete as individuals or as teams in the combined skiing, biking and running event.
Participants compete as representatives of their hospital, city or university.
Participants compete for cash prizes.
Participants compete for gold, silver and bronze medals.
Participants compete for local, state and national awards and recognition.
Participants compete for prize medals, college scholarships and other awards.
Participants compete in a one-day contest in various events such as interpreting aerial photographs.
Participants compete in a one-day event via computer.
Participants compete in age division of oldest competitor.
Participants compete in batting, fielding, throwing and base running.
Participants compete in regional and national competitions in their respective countries.
Participants compete in separate age divisions.
Participants compete in several age categories.
Participants compete in tests.
Participants compete in track and field events.
Participants compete in various classes.
Participants compete individually and in teams for a variety of prizes and awards.
Participants compete locally and proceed to district and state competitions.
Participants compete with others of similar ability in two monochrome and two color categories.
Participants compete, leading to an imbalance of power and no true empowerment.
Participants compile a teaching portfolio as a major part of their training and assessment.
Participants complete a brief confidential survey.
Participants complete a business plan during the course.
Participants complete a course workbook and a self-guided study tour of the three locations.
Participants complete a detailed questionnaire and are interviewed by a professional staff member.
Participants complete a feasibility study during the course.
Participants complete a form on the sources of information to create a balanced teaching portfolios.
Participants complete a health history questionnaire and the cardiovascular screening onsite.
Participants complete a homework assignment, memorize a scripture and pray for one another daily.
Participants complete a literature project as a follow-up experience.
Participants complete a living case study in each of the six modules.
Participants complete a monthly calendar reporting menstrual bleeding and symptoms.
Participants complete a nine-month fellowship with the community of their choosing.
Participants complete a research project that is approved by the faculty supervisor.
Participants complete a working model of website with educational applications during the course .
Participants complete all of their course work online from their schools or homes.
Participants complete an actual dietary counseling session which is audio taped.
Participants complete an actual job analysis during the two-day class.
Participants complete an application and sign a release before they volunteer.
Participants complete an assessment prior to the series and again following the series.
Participants complete an inventory to assess their work team's developmental needs.
Participants complete both work and academic assignments which are evaluated.
Participants complete course evaluation forms at the end of each course.
Participants complete course evaluations after every class.
Participants complete evaluations.
Participants complete inventories designed to stimulate thinking about themselves.
Participants complete materials during the week on their own schedule.
Participants complete one activity, then progress onto another, sometimes with a break in between.
Participants complete one level per session.
Participants complete questionnaires.
Participants complete reading assignments before each session on a featured discussion topic.
Participants complete research projects often based on an internship in a governmental agency.
Participants complete take-home assignments which are conducted within their practice setting.
Participants complete tasks throughout the course to develop appropriate skills.
Participants complete the activities and record their observations.
Participants complete the learning activities by working in the stations.
Participants complete the program in about two years.
Participants complete the program in two years.
Participants complete the task individually and then reach consensus in groups.
Participants complete the task individually and then reach consensus in teams.
Participants complete their account analysis to present in small group sessions the next morning.
Participants complete their detailed cumulative contract outline.
Participants complete their own writing assignments, and they explore current research.
Participants complete two quick paced, entertaining rounds, each symbolizing one month's time.
Participants complete various career assessments and discuss the results.
Participants completing both days receive a plaque.
Participants compose and conduct their own celebrations on the second day.
Participants concentrate on one specialty each week with accomplished and dedicated instructors.
Participants conclude the project by writing a final paper.
Participants conduct action research.
Participants conduct an action research study in their local school.
Participants conduct fundraising efforts and toy drives, while some elect to plan the party.
Participants conduct informal presentations of their current research on a rotating, monthly basis.
Participants conduct literature reviews and design and test survey instruments.
Participants conduct major letter-writing campaigns.
Participants conduct market research, write a business plan and explore financing options.
Participants conduct research in their respective classroom, analyze data and draw conclusions.
Participants conduct research under the supervision of a faculty member.
Participants conduct role plays to practice contracting.
Participants conduct several in-class experiments.
Participants conduct surveys three times over the spring and summer.
Participants conduct their call and the teleconference ends after all parties have hung up.
Participants confront a real world problem faced by community college leaders throughout the nation.
Participants confront the threats to peace and security currently facing world leaders.
Participants connect informally between sessions.
Participants connect to MediaMOO, go to the scheduled room, and talk to each other in real time.
Participants connect to the meeting by going to the Meeting page.
Participants consent to the use of any images taken during the festival.
Participants consider a variety of approaches to mediation.
Participants consider roles.
Participants consider various mechanisms by which comments can be made.
Participants consider ways to apply design principles to studies in their schools.
Participants consistently produce better grades, attendance and behavior than control groups.
Participants consistently state that the inventory is insightful, accurate, and confirming.
Participants consitently report tremendous learning and fun.
Participants construct models of space shuttles and rockets, and build a space station.
Participants consume calories.
Participants consume diets.
Participants consume normal diets.
Participants consume soup.
Participants consume usual diets.
Participants consume vary diets.
Participants consume vegetable soup.
Participants consume water.
Participants contact each other privately to negotiate sales or exchanges.
Participants contest three rounds.
Participants continually move between community and the marketplace of issues and topics.
Participants continue education, engage in self-exploration and relapse prevention planning.
Participants continue smoking for the first four meetings while they learn how to quit.
Participants continue the discussion.
Participants continue the readings, going around the table.
Participants continue their debates over the lunch time table in the school's dining hall.
Participants continue to be extremely impressed with the program and the trip itself.
Participants continue to correspond and chat with our faculty about historical issues.
Participants continue to enrich the content during the dissemination process.
Participants continue to explore the vocabulary and grammar of the prayers.
Participants continue to hone their skills and investigate more advanced repertoire.
Participants continue to pay their regular resident or nonresident tuition and fees to Iowa.
Participants continue to receive support from local funds.
Participants continue to receive their government income while in the program.
Participants continue to receive unemployment benefit throughout the training course.
Participants continue to refine their skills, concentrating on form and efficiency.
Participants continue to shoot until all the spots are gone.
Participants continue to work at their jobs while completing their studies.
Participants continue to work on their own.
Participants continue to work with mentors.
Participants continue with monthly workshops during the academic year.
Participants contribute a course or beverage that fits an arranged menu.
Participants contribute a nominal fee to participate.
Participants contribute abstracts or papers for proceedings and technical briefs.
Participants contribute anonymously toward the cost of the meals.
Participants contribute in different ways.
Participants contribute monthly amounts through salary reduction.
Participants contribute to online discussions throughout each week.
Participants contribute to the cost of the program on a sliding fee scale.
Participants contribute to the cost of their care through a sliding scale system.
Participants contribute to the discussion, role-play and receive coaching.
Participants contribute to the identification of relevant topics and selection of presenters.
Participants contribute up to the limit set by the plan.
Participants contribute what they can to the cost of the meal.
Participants contribute with their expert knowledge and show openly their current problems.
Participants control the soccer ball with the feet and the head.
Participants control the topics and content of discussions.
Participants control their own actions.
Participants control their own mice.
Participants converse with key individuals in campus leadership positions.
Participants convert current team productivity challenges to committed solutions.
Participants cook dinners in Dutch ovens and leave modern items like cameras and watches behind.
Participants cook their own meals and sleep under shelters in a wilderness setting.
Participants correspond either by email or by mail.
Participants cover the cost of their meals.
Participants cover the span from community colleges to graduate research institutions.
Participants cover the terminology associated with the eight major body systems.
Participants cover their own air or ground transportation.
Participants cover their own airfare, meals and personal expenses.
Participants cover their own expenses.
Participants cover their transportation costs.
Participants cover travel, food, lodging, health insurance and medical costs.
Participants create a desktop folder with subfolders.
Participants create a folder on the desktop to hold any files they create or retrieve.
Participants create a foundation of theological and ethical concepts.
Participants create a new mailbox and practice sending and receiving mail.
Participants create a personalized CD insert using poetry, lyrics, collage and photography.
Participants create a publishable report.
Participants create a still life drawing with a three-dimensional quality.
Participants create a web page of their car advertisement.
Participants create an action plan for their development as a medical or educational manager.
Participants create an Internet-based lesson plan.
Participants create an original theatre piece with music.
Participants create and share materials to be used in their own language classrooms.
Participants create arts and crafts, design beaded jewelry, and share talents with each other.
Participants create buttons and learn how to add sound and movie clips to the buttons.
Participants create ceramic bowls, then serve a simple meal of soup and bread.
Participants create deep friendships and a renewed sense of community.
Participants create development plans using the results of career and management skills assessments.
Participants create formal and informal presentations and written executive summaries and proposals.
Participants create scrimshaw from cow bone.
Participants create their own interdisciplinary majors in consultation with several advisors.
Participants create their own masterpieces with help from area artists.
Participants create their own nutrition plans under the guidance of the instructor.
Participants create web pages for use in an instructional setting.
Participants create, adopt, and maintain their standards.
Participants create, edit and organize database tables.
Participants critique and offer suggestions for improvement or future expansion.
Participants cross their arms across their chest and place their hands under their armpits.
Participants cross their arms across their chest.
Participants customize message templates for their specific writing tasks.
Participants dance for worship several times during the year.
Participants dance with everyone in the line.
Participants dance with great vigor the excitement rising to a crescendo.
Participants deal with change, communication, leadership and team problem-solving.
Participants deal with safety issues, customer service, liability and promotion.
Participants decide how and when to use the release time.
Participants decide how much they want to save or reduce debt.
Participants decide on meeting places and dates.
Participants decide on the combination and timing of activities that make up the final totals.
Participants decide on their own personal and group goals.
Participants decide the direction for future meetings.
Participants decide the price at which a balance between purchases and sales is reached.
Participants decide the scope of their research and the timing.
Participants decide the topics, ask questions, propose answers and share ideas.
Participants decide what education is for and who makes the regulations.
Participants decide when and where they want to participate, and they work at their own pace.
Participants decide when they have achieved the criteria and apply for a certificate.
Participants decide who plays who and or singles vs. doubles.
Participants deepen their understanding of the gospel and the biblical basis for mission.
Participants defend their assumptions.
Participants defer federal and state income tax on their contributions.
Participants defer federal and state income tax ontheir contributions.
Participants define the scope of their nominations.
Participants define what is a successful consumer library for future benchmarking.
Participants define, investigate, and present an original problem of their own.
Participants deliver meals and work in a cafe and clothing store.
Participants deliver the candles to their customers.
Participants demonstrate high levels of agility, coordination, balance and, in some cases, daring.
Participants demonstrate skills acquired at community-based showcases.
Participants demonstrate their skills and receive feedback from university professional staff.
Participants depart in mid-summer and return at the end of the academic year.
Participants depart in mid-summer and return at the end of their overseas year.
Participants depend on one another to develop boat speed and personal endurance.
Participants depict human emotions such as anger, joy, confidence and shyness.
Participants derive income statements for a simplified bank.
Participants describe a role with increased visibility, value, power, and prestige.
Participants describe how the group process has brought self-empowerment and awakened creativity.
Participants describe it as a euphoric experience in which no pain is felt and no burns received.
Participants describe the experience as powerful.
Participants describe their first-hand experiences with online dating.
Participants deserve to know the fees and the impact the fees can have on returns.
Participants design a customized action plan to improve future purchasing negotiating results.
Participants design a new educational experience for their home teaching program.
Participants design a simple hand drafted map of publishable quality.
Participants design a simple map.
Participants design and assemble components for puppets.
Participants design physical environments, including computer stations and peripheral devices.
Participants design standardized work methods, processes, and motions.
Participants design technology-based lesson plans to supplement their career activities.
Participants design their own all-day programs from a wide selection of subjects.
Participants design their own learning experiences in consultation with faculty advisors.
Participants design their own projects.
Participants design their research projects and begin activities at their chosen wetland sites.
Participants design, build and present their team projects.
Participants design, construct and experiment with a variety of formats for using puppets.
Participants design, develop and implement a project using Internet skills and tools.
Participants design, develop, and discuss implementation processes of safety programs.
Participants designate the research preferences of their choice from a list of current projects.
Participants determine an order for the first round of the draft.
Participants determine goals and the criteria and means for evaluating learning.
Participants determine the academy program through a pre-assessment.
Participants determine the amount to be placed into each account, based on their individual needs.
Participants determine the length of their participation.
Participants determine the topics and length of the sessions.
Participants determine their own timetable and time commitment each term.
Participants determine what that change is by participating in the program's entirety.
Participants develop a basic small business web site.
Participants develop a business plan for a specific business they intend to start up.
Participants develop a community leadership project to be implemented by the following spring.
Participants develop a comprehensive business plan during the course.
Participants develop a greater sense of Canadian identity.
Participants develop a high degree of expertise and proficiency in experimental design.
Participants develop a legal competency level suitable for the web professional.
Participants develop a personal improvement agenda to move their career upwards.
Participants develop a personalized strategy to conduct routine follow-up activities with customers.
Participants develop a post placement support plan for youth in their program.
Participants develop a sample project during the workshop.
Participants develop a solid base for advanced system design, operation, and maintenance.
Participants develop a wide range of skills as they tackle real business challenges.
Participants develop a written project.
Participants develop abstract movement based on everyday tasks, objects and occurrences.
Participants develop advanced assessment and taping techniques for each joint area.
Participants develop an action plan at the end of the program.
Participants develop an action plan for developing a healthier and more productive work environment.
Participants develop an actual case for use in a problem-based curriculum.
Participants develop and execute their own photographic vision and ideas for the week.
Participants develop and practice a variety of practical intervention skills.
Participants develop and present a module of instruction.
Participants develop and share recruitment plans with other training participants.
Participants develop and submit cases, which they also present at a mock arbitration hearing.
Participants develop autonomous intelligent agent software.
Participants develop coaching techniques to solve work place problems and energize employees.
Participants develop confidence as they build skills in class, outside of class and on the job.
Participants develop elements of a business plan to start an e-commerce business.
Participants develop emergency policies, plans, and procedures to ensure an effective response.
Participants develop environmental assessments of internationally recognized architecture.
Participants develop explicit vocabulary activities.
Participants develop ideas and revision techniques for new and ongoing work.
Participants develop job tools during the session they can take back and immediately use on the job.
Participants develop knowledge, skills and attitudes necessary to work in collaborative activities.
Participants develop lesson activities and action plans, and keep portfolios of their work.
Participants develop or enhance skills in listening, negotiating, and mediation.
Participants develop other uses.
Participants develop physical fitness, self-confidence and friendships.
Participants develop plans and practice between sessions.
Participants develop product, development, support, and marketing and sales plans.
Participants develop projects that require direct involvement with students in their own classrooms.
Participants develop projects to use in their classrooms.
Participants develop self reliance and make valuable career contacts through internship programs.
Participants develop self-esteem, poise and confidence through both individual and team efforts.
Participants develop skills for collaborative leadership.
Participants develop skills for language training by using native speakers of their target language.
Participants develop skills in distribution, management and business through five seminar modules.
Participants develop skills in teaching, speaking, listening, reading, writing, grammar and culture.
Participants develop skills needed in communicating ideas, projects and programs with confidence.
Participants develop skills useful in many musical genres.
Participants develop skills vital to the creation of Web pages and design.
Participants develop sound riding skills and learn proper care of a horse and tack.
Participants develop specific objectives and design lessons for instructing children.
Participants develop strategies to communicate concrete answers to interview questions.
Participants develop strategies to involve parents in the religious education program.
Participants develop strategies to navigate from one site to another.
Participants develop teamwork using a combination of both physical and mental challenges.
Participants develop tentative explanations of what they have observed.
Participants develop the interpersonal skills required to build trust in relationships.
Participants develop the skills to identify the location and types of hazards.
Participants develop the specific class projects to be shot and edited in subsequent terms.
Participants develop their ability to make strategic challenges and add business value.
Participants develop their ideas through instruction and interaction with other class members.
Participants develop their own courses, including a syllabus, sample assignments and exams.
Participants develop their own tools to manage and address the stressors that affect their health.
Participants develop their plan as they navigate the program.
Participants develop their professional skills and expand their understanding of community issues.
Participants develop their skills among a cohort of colleagues with similar needs and interests.
Participants develop unit plans and critique instructional activities.
Participants devise, organize and execute a plan.
Participants diagnose the job expectations of each other and themselves.
Participants dial a toll free number prior to the scheduled conference time.
Participants dial in at the scheduled conference time.
Participants dial in on conventional phone lines while sitting in front of their own PCs.
Participants dial in to the conference at the scheduled time using their own long-distance carrier.
Participants dial in via modem, and post their messages as text.
Participants dial the assigned number prior to the scheduled conference time.
Participants dine on a buffet or barbecued beef and pork with all the trimmings.
Participants dip into their account each time they go to the doctor or fill a prescription.
Participants direct the allocation of their accounts among the funds on the list.
Participants directly receive monthly statements and trade confirmations on any account switches.
Participants discover at what kind of academic institution they can find professional fulfillment.
Participants discover high levels of motivation to continue learning after the program.
Participants discover how field reliability is predicted from stress studies.
Participants discover how to increase trust, respect and commitment to common goals as a team.
Participants discover techniques that open up donors' powers to give.
Participants discover the basic, learnable elements of the language of leadership.
Participants discover the riches of centering prayer in a retreat setting and behind bars.
Participants discover the tactics and success factors that help ensure a successful study.
Participants discover the techniques for continuous cultivation and solicitation of key prospects.
Participants discover their own answers to challenging situations.
Participants discover valuable study guidelines that are crucial to success in their math class.
Participants discover ways to guide a witnessing conversion without fear of failure or rejection.
Participants discover why as our wine expert shares the secrets of pairing fruit wines and foods.
Participants discuss a paper from the current astronomy literature or other reading.
Participants discuss a wide range of topics including sexuality, health, discrimination, and family.
Participants discuss and critique the success of their activities and lesson designs.
Participants discuss aspects of group performance during a workshop in Chile.
Participants discuss aspects of group performance.
Participants discuss balancing reasonable testing given time constraints.
Participants discuss changes and advances in obstetrical care since the last baby was born.
Participants discuss common concerns and problems, helpful experiences, and useful resources.
Participants discuss common experiences, concerns and helpful suggestions.
Participants discuss common readings on the topic.
Participants discuss current and future approaches.
Participants discuss different styles for communicating - nonverbal and verbal.
Participants discuss experimental results.
Participants discuss feelings, moods patterns, thinking, choices, triggers, and the anger cycle.
Participants discuss how they perceive respect, building the foundation of later activities.
Participants discuss how they perceive respect, building the foundations of later activities.
Participants discuss how to handle the personal and public demands that come with their new job.
Participants discuss how to select appropriate writing tasks using authentic materials.
Participants discuss investigations.
Participants discuss issues concerning the selection of pilots and air traffic controllers.
Participants discuss issues during a break.
Participants discuss issues related to diagnosis and treatment of dissociative disorders.
Participants discuss issues related to living with chronic disease.
Participants discuss news value, and news headlines plus longer segments.
Participants discuss pages as they travel, enabling multiple levels of interaction simultaneously.
Participants discuss patterns, projects and collect knit items.
Participants discuss possible reason.
Participants discuss recent research in econometrics and present their own work in progress.
Participants discuss relevant topics and raise their questions in small groups after the talk.
Participants discuss selected questions simultaneously.
Participants discuss social pressures, negotiation skills, and pregnancy prevention.
Participants discuss successes and possible pitfalls in tutoring programs.
Participants discuss successful strategies for creating a program that works.
Participants discuss the difficulties they face in mobilizing against corruption.
Participants discuss the importance of diet, exercise, and setting time aside for themselves.
Participants discuss the issues raised by the resource people in small groups.
Participants discuss the lesson.
Participants discuss the readings in place of a sermon.
Participants discuss their decisions as a group after each session.
Participants discuss their fears and concerns about the adoption process.
Participants discuss their ideas and experiences with learning.
Participants discuss their own positions on the issue.
Participants discuss their own research and other current research in the area.
Participants discuss themes raised in a presentation.
Participants discuss three shorter works of literature, two in the morning and one in the afternoon.
Participants discuss topics.
Participants discuss ways of teaching literacy through information gathered from the community.
Participants discuss ways to incorporate technolgy into their individual classes.
Participants discuss ways.
Participants discuss what ethical standards they use in the decision making process.
Participants discuss when and how to use consensus as a decision-making method.
Participants discuss, question, and comment about the topic as a part of the discussion.
Participants dispose of designated roles which define their rights and duties.
Participants divide into three groups.
Participants divide their days between research and instructive sessions.
Participants do a loop of several controls and return to the start.
Participants do actual analyses working from video, role-playing, and using real products.
Participants do an exercise in writing and story telling that involves interviewing each other.
Participants do community service work in exchange for a discount in groceries.
Participants do enjoyable and educational hands-on exercises to practice the functions.
Participants do everything from teaching our children to preserving our environment.
Participants do hand-on activities in safe natural areas.
Participants do lie on the floor, so dress comfortably.
Participants do pay a fee but scholarships are available.
Participants do research, post their work results, talk to other participants and keep interacting.
Participants do seem to relish a feeling of accomplishment, and some intense bonding.
Participants do so at their own risk.
Participants do, of course, continue to share certain basic assumptions.
Participants document their experiences and express themselves through their photographs.
Participants don t have to know how to swim.
Participants dramatize Scripture passages that deal with condemnation and grace.
Participants draw a flowchart for a process in their work place.
Participants draw inferences from data through brainstorming.
Participants draw inferences from findings.
Participants draw lots as they enter.
Participants draw numbers from a hat, bowl or other receptacle.
Participants draw one or more pebbles from the bag each turn.
Participants draw three topics at random.
Participants dress in historical or fantasy garb and use foam weapons in mock battles.
Participants dress up in colourful satin dresses reminiscent of the Victorian era.
Participants dress up in homemade costumes reminiscent of North American Halloween.
Participants drink vodka during rituals, making sure to offer frequent drops to the gods.
Participants drink water.
Participants drop in and out of demonstrations, thus precluding highly structured presentations.
Participants earn a certificate and nine CEUs upon successful completion.
Participants earn a certificate and nine credits upon successful completion of the program.
Participants earn a patch and a certificate upon completion of the program.
Participants earn awards at three levels of each program.
Participants earn bachelor's degrees in chemistry and engineering.
Participants earn benefits evenly over their working careers.
Participants earn chances for prizes by reading books.
Participants earn college credit through participation in a college course.
Participants earn college credit.
Participants earn community service hours.
Participants earn credits by taking summer school offerings.
Participants earn eight college credits in advanced mathematics.
Participants earn four credits.
Participants earn full academic credit and continue to remain eligible for financial aid.
Participants earn graduate credit.
Participants earn graduate-level university credit.
Participants earn interest on their average daily balances.
Participants earn interest on their funds each day.
Participants earn minimum wage.
Participants earn money for solutions they provide.
Participants earn one academic credit on their spring transcript for the year.
Participants earn one credit hour for each hour attended.
Participants earn one point for every dollar of their month-end balances.
Participants earn points based on distance and form.
Participants earn points for prizes by physical activity and healthy lifestyles.
Participants earn points from their highest scoring discipline at each of the three events.
Participants earn prizes for the amount of time they log with their equine partner.
Participants earn rewards for picking up litter in the park.
Participants earn self-confidence and develop important skills to become an effective team member.
Participants earn six graduate credits.
Participants earn six to seven college credits during the six-week program.
Participants earn three credits for each class and six credits for the internship.
Participants earn three credits.
Participants earn three hours of easily transferable college credit.
Participants earn three university credits.
Participants earn tickets for each game played, which can be converted into prizes.
Participants earn two college credits for their work.
Participants earn up to six hours of graduate or undergraduate credit in the program.
Participants earn while they learn.
Participants easily identify with the issues raised in each session.
Participants eat a healthy diet served in a military-style dining hall.
Participants eat all meals in area restaurants, at their own expense.
Participants eat at the cafe each day.
Participants eat balance diets.
Participants eat diets.
Participants eat fat diets.
Participants eat food.
Participants eat fry food.
Participants eat in a family-style dining room on the campus.
Participants eat usual diets.
Participants eat vegetables.
Participants eat, breathe, walk, and serve within the context of their study.
Participants edit written materials, assist managers and reporters.
Participants elect to join one of three groups, broadly based on the range of tests performed.
Participants embrace innovation.
Participants emerge from our programs both invigorated and refreshed.
Participants end by sitting around a table for an inspirational time.
Participants end the program playing a simple processional with the musicians.
Participants end up with less choice.
Participants engage in a search for the author's meaning.
Participants engage in a variety of activities designed to make daily living tasks easier.
Participants engage in active dialogue throughout the course.
Participants engage in activities designed to sharpen both their verbal and listening skills.
Participants engage in activities geared to their special interests.
Participants engage in basic range of motion, flexibility and coordination exercises.
Participants engage in bilateral arrangements, and there is no imposed exchange-wide peering policy.
Participants engage in challenging seminars and workshops.
Participants engage in comprehensive preparation before dives, field studies and lab work.
Participants engage in exploratory discussion of department specific participation and applications.
Participants engage in group learning experiences, such as role-plays, discussions, and games.
Participants engage in hands-on labs, lesson planning, demonstrations, and team presentations.
Participants engage in individual study and group work with other professionals.
Participants engage in interviews, company tours, product demonstrations and fun events.
Participants engage in job-readiness training, which emphasizes job seeking and job keeping skills.
Participants engage in multiple workshops followed by a plenary session.
Participants engage in ongoing workshops drawn from a broad training curriculum.
Participants engage in problem discovery, problem identification, and creative problem solving.
Participants engage in related cultural activities and visit care facilities in and around London.
Participants engage in role playing and practice skills to stop abuse.
Participants engage in scientific activities from the laboratory and in the field.
Participants engage in significant self-appraisal as managers and leaders.
Participants engage in specialized seminars, case studies, and group projects.
Participants engage in the closest thing to a true, in-person conversation that the Internet allows.
Participants engage in theological reflection with the context, peers, and professional consultants.
Participants enhance their culinary skills with delicious dishes from around the world.
Participants enhance their management competencies and Internet skills by studying online.
Participants enhance their professionalism and can swap new knowledge and skills.
Participants enhance their social skills and learn daily living skills such as riding the city bus.
Participants enjoy a balanced mixture of theory and practical workloads.
Participants enjoy a buffet dinner and the opportunity to play Monopoly.
Participants enjoy a casual breakfast.
Participants enjoy a day of fishing and lunch is provided.
Participants enjoy a front row seat for a sea lion training session.
Participants enjoy a full day of fishing and a midday meal for no cost.
Participants enjoy a one-week trip to one of Eastern Europe s most reknowned capitals.
Participants enjoy a pot luck mean and get to know each other in a relaxed setting.
Participants enjoy a relaxed continental breakfast.
Participants enjoy a tremendous amount of well coached free skiing on varied terrain and conditions.
Participants enjoy a unique on the water experience that builds a strong environmental ethic.
Participants enjoy a variety of recreational activities in a safe setting during daytime hours.
Participants enjoy a week of intense learning, discussion and discovery with fellow local leaders.
Participants enjoy a wonderful covered dish dinner, fellowship, and an interesting program.
Participants enjoy activities, games and refreshments related to the book.
Participants enjoy arts and crafts, organized activities, recreation time, outings and more.
Participants enjoy books, stories, games and lectures during the program.
Participants enjoy clapping authentic rhythmic accompaniments interactively.
Participants enjoy complimentary lunch and musical entertainment.
Participants enjoy conversation and hors d'oeuvres.
Participants enjoy exchange letters and phone calls one another and with staff members.
Participants enjoy free food, free beverages, door prizes, incentives and raffle drawings.
Participants enjoy free food, great door prizes and raffle drawings.
Participants enjoy freshly squeezed orange juice, homemade muffins and a fruit and cheese platter.
Participants enjoy games, fellowship, and monthly evening socials.
Participants enjoy individual instruction.
Participants enjoy involvement in enrichment, academic, and physical endeavors.
Participants enjoy learning as they cook and talk together, sharing their skills and experiences.
Participants enjoy making and eating the food while increasing their culinary skills.
Participants enjoy music, crafts, sports, boating, hiking and other recreational activities.
Participants enjoy our services through group classes, private instruction and personal counseling.
Participants enjoy outings, attend educational seminars, and generally have fun.
Participants enjoy pizza parties, movies and many other activities.
Participants enjoy refreshments and goody bags provided by local sponsors.
Participants enjoy safety of principal,daily liquidity, and competitive yields.
Participants enjoy several benefits, including additional financial support.
Participants enjoy swimming, ocean kayaking, yoga and nature walks in their free time.
Participants enjoy tax breaks and competitive investment returns.
Participants enjoy the benefits of exposure to international venture capital funds.
Participants enjoy the collaboration and sense of 'game'.
Participants enjoy the fall colors of the bluffs and the surrounding area .
Participants enjoy the lovely, oak tree shaded campus as they move among the buildings.
Participants enjoy the video and discussion.
Participants enjoy themselves and serve others.
Participants enjoy tolerating each others opinions and always invite new people to attend.
Participants enjoy weekly friendly interaction with their peers and learn valuable skills.
Participants enrol in seven semester courses, five of which are required.
Participants enroll for a week or two or all nine.
Participants enroll for six semester hours in the academic discipline of their choice.
Participants enroll in a fully accredited three-week college course.
Participants enroll in one workshop only.
Participants enroll in several common classes in both the fall and spring semesters.
Participants enroll in six semester hours in the academic discipline of their choice.
Participants enroll in the college or university of their choice.
Participants enroll in three of nine courses offered each year.
Participants enroll in three specialized courses and attend lectures and seminars.
Participants enroll in three subjects of their choice.
Participants enroll in two classes per semester for three semesters.
Participants enroll in two college courses for credit.
Participants enter a futuristic world where the object of the game is survival with a laser gun.
Participants enter and experience simulations from any viewpoint and are immersed in the simulation.
Participants enter and leave the program at any time, rather than by prescribed course schedule.
Participants enter at the East Appointment gate.
Participants enter at their own risk.
Participants enter by age categories.
Participants enter by obtaining a map and verification card.
Participants enter into a discussion of objectives and goals of a survey project.
Participants enter into a five-year partnership with the program.
Participants enter into dialogue with nationally known speakers on justice and environmental issues.
Participants enter one or more events and estimate their finish times for each.
Participants enter the building through a garage that is off limits to reporters.
Participants enter the cockpit of a biplane and begin their take-off.
Participants enter the cube.
Participants enter the meeting very quickly.
Participants enter the program as cohort members.
Participants enter the slide and climb to the top by securing a foothold on our 'tiered' staircase.
Participants enter themselves into queue to ask a question using their telephone keypad.
Participants escape to a gorgeous beachfront home with a sweeping view of the ocean.
Participants establish a data team and develop a data plan.
Participants establish a quit date, which becomes effective during the program.
Participants establish coaching partnerships with each other to ensure optimum follow-through.
Participants establish goals and form teams in which each person has a role to play.
Participants establish pollution prevention goals to implement at their facilities.
Participants establish working relationships with science faculty and peers on a national level.
Participants evaluate all sessions for productivity and effectiveness.
Participants evaluate alternative database structures for efficiency and flexibility.
Participants evaluate and redevelop their own budget subject to the course schedule.
Participants evaluate efforts, master skills, and develop strategies for intervention.
Participants evaluate successful change management.
Participants evaluate the current status, identify potential problem areas and recommend solutions.
Participants evaluate the implementation of information-rich units of study.
Participants evaluate their own barriers to advancing and then focus on their skills.
Participants even share the locker room with the former pros.
Participants examine all aspects of organizational leadership and plan for career advancement.
Participants examine approaches to collaborative leadership and mutual empowerment.
Participants examine case studies and apply concepts to decisions in their own districts.
Participants examine checklists that help students resolve small-group conflicts.
Participants examine current practices of Baptism and Eucharist with children.
Participants examine curricula in use at several major universities.
Participants examine five ways in which the constructivist approach can be applied in the classroom.
Participants examine how standards guide what is taught in their classroom.
Participants examine how students can share computers.
Participants examine how teachers and students can construct a rubric to assess student progress.
Participants examine how the Internet is a real asset for connecting families and schools.
Participants examine how they make decisions.
Participants examine political, philosophical, and policy underpinnings of such facilities.
Participants examine political, social, economic and cultural issues related to indigenous history.
Participants examine rational numbers, algebraic thinking, and probability.
Participants examine rubrics that can assess students' progress.
Participants examine sample lesson plans that use the Net for multiple resources.
Participants examine some of the charges that critics level against constructivism.
Participants examine strategies to include parents' ideas.
Participants examine the assessment criteria for cooperative learning projects.
Participants examine the components common to successful cooperative lessons.
Participants examine the configurations and traffic associated in a multiservice network.
Participants examine the development of meaningful assessment tools for the class.
Participants examine the entity-relationship model.
Participants examine the impacted target of layered flour and dry paint.
Participants examine the multiple benefits of constructivism in relation to student learning.
Participants examine the published standards that honor the concepts of constructivist theory.
Participants examine their faith while learning about the Catholic tradition.
Participants examine ways to enhance their image and effectiveness.
Participants examine what kinds of challenges come up in the classroom.
Participants examine women's roles under a variety of social conditions.
Participants excel rapidly as the season progresses.
Participants exchange a greeting of peace during the liturgy.
Participants exchange cash or foodstamps and volunteer work for a supplemental food package.
Participants exchange ideas about the writing life and the business of writing.
Participants exchange information, compare experi-ences, and share coping techniques.
Participants exercise according to their own fitness level.
Participants exercise at their own rate and monitor the level at which they want to be working.
Participants exercise at their own risk.
Participants exercise on land and in a warm pool.
Participants exhibit their work at local, state and regional art shows.
Participants expand their knowledge and skills base.
Participants expect monthly evaluations of their performance and progress.
Participants expect more.
Participants expect rapid, constant change.
Participants expect to secure contracts from the opportunities identified at that time.
Participants experience a more in-depth, focused area of study then in a regular course.
Participants experience a new and normalizing environment on college campuses.
Participants experience a number of different approaches to teaching practice and philosophy.
Participants experience a vigorous workout during an aerobics class.
Participants experience an array of media and conduct art activities with children.
Participants experience and discuss environmental and poverty issues while doing Christian service.
Participants experience both simple and complex fires typical in many industrial sites.
Participants experience daily the rich historic and contemporary Italian art and culture.
Participants experience more effective teams and an improved work environment as a result.
Participants experience personal and professional growth in conflict resolution.
Participants experience science as a process through participatory activities.
Participants experience the dynamic fields of high performance computing and network firsthand.
Participants experience the multi-disciplinary team treatment process.
Participants experience their fantasies on a variety of levels.
Participants experience writing in a variety of genres, as well as writing across the curriculum.
Participants explore a number of research-based approaches to the teaching of writing.
Participants explore a variety of topics in small-group workshops at three different sites.
Participants explore acting, movement, voice, and improvisation.
Participants explore and discuss the social and personal impact of race and ethnicity.
Participants explore and observe the area for wildlife and evidence of animal activity.
Participants explore by placing magnet a distance from the objects and under the tabletop.
Participants explore change and how they cope with change.
Participants explore creative techniques to build into and enhance their existing curriculum.
Participants explore gender equity issues and techniques and the experiential model of learning.
Participants explore geological phenomena in Florida through off-site field trips.
Participants explore history, social studies, science, and more.
Participants explore how adult creative processes are connected to early childhood processes.
Participants explore Irish rhythm and movement while learning reels and jigs.
Participants explore issues impacting team climate and how they can make a difference.
Participants explore issues.
Participants explore new areas, learn new skills and apply new knowledge to real-life situations.
Participants explore numerous Dutch and Flemish cities, collections, museums and sites.
Participants explore options regarding their work, children, and personal lives.
Participants explore personal experiences in which they felt like an outsider or misjudged.
Participants explore personal issues through a variety of art experiences.
Participants explore skill areas that are proved to be important for academic success.
Participants explore strategies to enhance student learning and interest.
Participants explore students' perceptions about people living and working with disabilities.
Participants explore syncopated rhythms, dance steps, and poetry of ragtime and early jazz eras.
Participants explore teaching practices that use the body as an expressive medium.
Participants explore techniques used to design, implement and interpret control charts.
Participants explore the advantages of long lever arms.
Participants explore the design of curriculum materials and lesson plans using the Web.
Participants explore the effect of land use and legislation on air and water quality.
Participants explore the effectiveness of four managerial archetypes for themselves.
Participants explore the hiring process and learn to implement successful recruiting policies.
Participants explore the historical roots and basic institutions of the American legal system.
Participants explore the importance of supporting innovation and new product development.
Participants explore the influences of Spanish and French cuisines on the Mexican cuisine.
Participants explore the Internet while presenters assist individual participants with questions.
Participants explore the KAHooTZ environment through the included tour.
Participants explore the many booths.
Participants explore the matter of authenticity in ministry.
Participants explore the meaning of ethics and develop perceptions based upon Biblical teachings.
Participants explore the myths of leadership and the dynamics of power, authority, and influence.
Participants explore the night world of marine animals.
Participants explore the possibilities presented by a career field.
Participants explore the research, discuss theories of learning, and analyze teaching practices.
Participants explore the theory and practice of effective behavior change communication.
Participants explore the uses of the art activity as an integrated curriculum project.
Participants explore two cooperative learning middle school projects.
Participants explore various international issues and exchange views with academic peers.
Participants explore various resources and document the information on computer and in scrapbooks.
Participants explore ways their own nonprofit can be strengthened by a planned giving program.
Participants explore ways to establish a classroom climate that creates a self-monitoring system.
Participants express feelings.
Participants express uncertainties, as well as deeply held beliefs.
Participants express uncertainties, as well as deeply held believes.
Participants express unswerving commitment to a point of view, approach, or idea.
Participants fabricate a structure from provided instruction sheets or from original conjecture.
Participants face four tests over a two-day period surrounding each holiday.
Participants face hefty fines and lengthy prison sentences, according to court documents.
Participants facilitate actual problem solving meetings.
Participants fall in love with each other personally.
Participants fall into two distinct categories.
Participants favour a flexible approach that takes into account differences among jurisdictions.
Participants feel a real sense of the geographic and social space they inhabit.
Participants feel a strong sense of satisfaction after completing the goal.
Participants feel accepted, stay in shape, and become optimistic.
Participants feel collaborative efforts capitalize on the strengths of each type of institution.
Participants feel empowered by their participation.
Participants feel healthy when they do the activities.
Participants feel more comfortable with the system.
Participants feel that women become emotionally mature at an earlier age than men.
Participants feel the alienation and confusion that comes from being different.
Participants feel the diversity added to the Summit experience.
Participants feel they are attending a more important event than a typical conference.
Participants feel welcomed as equals.
Participants fight in single combat, melees, and wars using a variety of hand and missile weapons.
Participants fill in forms every day and wear a wrist activity monitor.
Participants fill out a questionnaire and come to our lab for one experimental session.
Participants fill out a waiver form and undergo a brief background check.
Participants fill out an on-line form, and submit their answers.
Participants fill out an order at the event, then take an envelope home to mail in payment.
Participants fill out comment sheets on the proposals.
Participants fill out name, address, and phone number for themselves and their companion.
Participants fill out questionnaires for each product they test.
Participants fill out sheets, share reports and discuss everything.
Participants fill out the Network Use Form.
Participants finance and agree to have their products inspected and analyzed for label accuracy.
Participants find a support system.
Participants find acceptance.
Participants find evidence.
Participants find in each other shared attitudes, impressions, and ambitions.
Participants find irony that the project is sited on land that was destined to be a cemetery.
Participants find it easier to speak when others listen respectfully.
Participants find networking is one of the valuable rewards of attending.
Participants find new vitality, joy, and ease in their bodies.
Participants find our research to be very enjoyable.
Participants find out early that the program is no picnic.
Participants find out what it feels like to be the one person in a group who is different.
Participants find people to sponsor their efforts and spend three hours at a community work project.
Participants find plentiful information on industries as well as specific companies.
Participants find that meeting on the same day of the week makes it difficult to miss classes.
Participants find that their grades and subject comprehension do improve.
Participants find that they begin to relate to everything in a new way.
Participants find the experience rewarding.
Participants find the program challenging, but pleasurable and empowering as well.
Participants find the seminar to be a broad and practical coverage of project management methods.
Participants find the sessions extremely useful, especially in preparing for examinations.
Participants find their own host companies and negotiate the terms of employment.
Participants find themselves asking deep and probing questions about themselves.
Participants find themselves on a verse by verse walk through the Bible.
Participants find they can do much more than they initially felt possible.
Participants find treasures and bargains while supporting museums and educational programs.
Participants finish orchestrations and parts.
Participants finish the course with a final off-line group edit.
Participants finishing the course receive a collector's medallion.
Participants first complete a self-assessment to establish learning goals for the day.
Participants first complete a ten-week basic course of horticultural study.
Participants first connect to the expedition by reading the explorers' journals.
Participants first identify target assumptions.
Participants first join a chat room or channel.
Participants first learn how to prepare a business plan.
Participants first learn their habitual role in their family of origin.
Participants first learn why buildings look the way they do and why buildings stand up.
Participants first perform the task, and then reanalyze the problem with their team members.
Participants first review the variety of means available to achieve the project objective.
Participants first study essential business management subjects, all set within an aviation context.
Participants first work alone and then in videotaped group sessions to select candidates.
Participants fishing with other than registered paid members are subject to disqualification.
Participants fly paper airplanes and build on one another's ideas.
Participants fly to Amsterdam and then to Rome.
Participants focus first on what went wrong.
Participants focus on coping behaviors, healthy thinking patterns and communication skills.
Participants focus on the future.
Participants focus on the present.
Participants focus their discussions on the process of critiquing course content.
Participants follow a course of intensive study to gain the extra credits required.
Participants follow circuit round selecting own intensity of work.
Participants follow consent.
Participants follow directions to planned stops around the Eel River Valley.
Participants follow the daily resident schedule of meditation and work.
Participants follow their own preferred meditation practice.
Participants follow through on their plans for helping themselves.
Participants form a network of teachers active at national, state, district, and school levels.
Participants form groups of three, share their lists, and decide on their top three characteristics.
Participants form lasting friendships, learn new skills, and improve self-esteem while having fun.
Participants form new friendships and new community connections.
Participants form small groups and develop activities to share with the group for discussion.
Participants form teams of five students with one senior and one junior counselor.
Participants form teams of four high school students, one alternate and a coach.
Participants form teams of three or four persons and develop new business proposals.
Participants form teams to develop and submit business plans based on realistic, marketable ideas.
Participants form their own conclusions, which they are encouraged to analyze.
Participants function as production team members.
Participants furnish their own equipment for most of the activities.
Participants furnish their own materials.
Participants furnish their own uniforms.
Participants further explore life cycle, holidays and other relevant Jewish issus.
Participants further learn the various tax planning strategies and tax management techniques.
Participants gain a basic introduction to traction steam engines, boilers and safety devices.
Participants gain a basic understanding of the foundation of visual art.
Participants gain a common understanding about the terms.
Participants gain a cross-cultural experience by living and working with a host family.
Participants gain a defined set of supervisory skills as a foundation for their supervisory role.
Participants gain a greater sense of civic empowerment and responsibility.
Participants gain a strong base of carving skills applicable to traditional and contemporary work.
Participants gain a strong sense of pride from mastering the manual of arms.
Participants gain access to a variety of course offerings without coming to campus.
Participants gain access to a whole new level of rapport, teamwork and quality information-sharing.
Participants gain an appreciation of the untapped abilities of future South Texas scientists.
Participants gain clarity of mind and an increased capacity to cope with life's challenges.
Participants gain confidence and a better understanding of their role within the group.
Participants gain confidence and self-esteem.
Participants gain confidence and skill in being proactive in communicating with others.
Participants gain confidence in their ability to lift objects in order to extract victims.
Participants gain education and leadership experience in the pro-life ministries.
Participants gain effective listening skills and the ability to give and receive feedback.
Participants gain enhanced technology skills and learn strategies for creative, online teaching.
Participants gain firsthand experience in governmental operations.
Participants gain firsthand knowledge of our nation and the democratic process.
Participants gain focus, concentration, inner strength, flexibility, and confidence.
Participants gain hands-on experience as they play the games and share suggestions for variations.
Participants gain hands-on experience on image processing software.
Participants gain increased knowledge from speakers, facilitators and other patients.
Participants gain insight into relationships and communication skills with their teens.
Participants gain insight into the diverse ways in which their foreign colleagues do business.
Participants gain insight into the individual cultures of men and women.
Participants gain job skills and become spokespersons for the environment in their community.
Participants gain knowledge about the disease concept of alcoholism.
Participants gain knowledge and skills to conduct marketing efforts at their utilities.
Participants gain knowledge of an existing organization with a bottom-up approach.
Participants gain knowledge through a variety of learning experiences.
Participants gain leadership abilities while learning new skills at the same time.
Participants gain many new ideas that can be applied to their work setting the very next day.
Participants gain marketable skills as well as valuable self-esteem.
Participants gain mass.
Participants gain mastery through role plays, group discussions, and behavioral skills exercises.
Participants gain more than just basic information and knowledge.
Participants gain muscle mass.
Participants gain new and valuable perspectives and ideas.
Participants gain practical and sensitive ideas for supporting seniors in their spirituality.
Participants gain practical hands-on experience of drawing appraisal and access audits.
Participants gain practical knowledge of a market economy.
Participants gain practical skills in investigation to detect crime and offenders.
Participants gain practical skills in several different approaches to supervisory practice.
Participants gain self-confidence and communication abilities, as well as judging skills.
Participants gain skills and information needed to develop and maintain a family budget.
Participants gain the personal time to refocus, re-energize, renew, and rejuvenate.
Participants gain the skills, strategies, and self-confidence needed to obtain and maintain housing.
Participants gain tools to deal with their losses.
Participants gain understanding of the starting point of sustainability model.
Participants gain understanding that there are different perceptions of reality.
Participants gain valuable experience in graduate school.
Participants gain valuable experience working and living in another part of Canada.
Participants gather around the altar or move to sit closer together up front.
Participants gather at a home or restaurant.
Participants gather at a location to discuss and talk under the guidance of a group facilitator.
Participants gather at overlook.
Participants gather for a group photo on the last day.
Participants gather for a simple lunch and presentations by guest speakers.
Participants gather for an opening assembly, then break off into small groups for the activities.
Participants gather for weekly sharing, learning, and fellowship.
Participants gather from all over the country because of a specific course of study.
Participants gather in groups of eight to share pot-luck dinners in each others' homes.
Participants gather in the chapel s choir stalls.
Participants gather in the evening to share stories and songs about their lives.
Participants gather on the first and third Wednesdays of the month, during the day.
Participants gather to enjoy speakers, a dinner and a closing dance.
Participants gather to share information about social and recreational issues.
Participants generally agree in advance on schedules, routes, and carpool days.
Participants generally attend several hours per day, up to five days a week.
Participants generally come away with lots of answers and many more questions to ask.
Participants generally come in pairs to be trained as co-educators in newly formed training areas.
Participants generally commit one year to the program.
Participants generally deliberate for between three and five hours.
Participants generally draw upon a wide array of techniques to address such conflicts.
Participants generally dress very informally.
Participants generally find the experience invaluable because it helps put theory into practice.
Participants generally require a deposit for the use of e-mail.
Participants generally schedule the equivalent of two to five work terms.
Participants generally see each other on very large screens.
Participants generally stay at bed and breadkfasts within the Cambridge area.
Participants generate a list of features of problem.
Participants generate additional grants on their own.
Participants get a chance to fish, practice casting, and learn firsthand about aquatic ecology.
Participants get a chance to hear and observe other groups.
Participants get a chance to practice their new skills before they're on their own.
Participants get a free club kit with book ideas and other neat stuff.
Participants get a FREE digital book of their choice.
Participants get a free t-shirt and basketball.
Participants get a free t-shirt.
Participants get a set of problems six times during the school year.
Participants get a sports water bottle.
Participants get a taste of serving people in other countries - for just a few weeks at a time.
Participants get a tax deduction by turning in a used car or truck.
Participants get a T-shirt.
Participants get a wider picture of the food chain and ocean activity.
Participants get ample opportunity to see their attitude having been worth the effort.
Participants get an opportunity to share their knowledge and experiences with others.
Participants get business directly from other members but also from the leads members bring in.
Participants get chances.
Participants get comfortable talking about economics in front of groups.
Participants get current work experience.
Participants get exposure to nearly every facet of outdoor drama production and management.
Participants get free admission to the games.
Participants get free study highlights and deep discounts on the full report.
Participants get hands-on experience in a computer lab.
Participants get hands-on experience.
Participants get help solving the real-life problems they encounter as their businesses grow.
Participants get in shape and have fun while enjoying the company of others.
Participants get individual feedback on their strengths and weaknesses.
Participants get legal advice on signing that first contract.
Participants get maximum game work-outs and plenty of pumpernickel opportunities.
Participants get one free drink at each of the bars.
Participants get personal satisfaction by knowing that they are truly supporting their community.
Participants get pledges for number of miles walked.
Participants get plenty of hands-on instruction in many of same activities that students do.
Participants get ready for departure.
Participants get targeted health information in attractively formatted graphical reports.
Participants get the chance to advance their countries' agendas.
Participants get the chance to meet the speakers at receptions and meals following the talks.
Participants get the chance to work on a proposal of their own from start to finish.
Participants get the knowledge and skill to maximize the use of technology in education.
Participants get the most out of making associations as they use the community's resources.
Participants get their own stage complete with curtains and spotlights.
Participants get to assist scientists by helping with data gathering and observations.
Participants get to choose the activities that best fit their interests and lifestyles.
Participants get to construct and test their own shark models.
Participants get to don lab coats and conduct their own DNA sequencing during practical sessions.
Participants get to hear how others deal with the same issues they confront on a daily basis.
Participants get to keep the books.
Participants get to know one another by sharing brief personal information.
Participants get to meet each other and prepare for the trip.
Participants get to relive their trip on the ferry ride southbound.
Participants get to see first hand how a language school operates.
Participants get to sip wine in private mansions and dine on world-class cuisine.
Participants get to sit back and relax while the staff takes care of all the planning.
Participants get to take short courses in a variety of subjects.
Participants get to work in methodology that is most familiar and comfortable.
Participants get together in groups of eight and share dinners in each other's homes.
Participants get very dirty while they are working.
Participants give a number of short talks.
Participants give a roundtable presentation on topics that they have researched.
Participants give a uniformly positive account of their experiences.
Participants give consent.
Participants give contact details of next of kin as part of their application.
Participants give extremely positive feedback.
Participants give feedback on the value of the day.
Participants give lectures, carry out homework and write essays.
Participants give one-two word descriptions of what they expect from the class.
Participants give speakers their undivided attention.
Participants give the gift of time to help others.
Participants give the meaning to their own actions.
Participants give the workshop high marks.
Participants give their name and a word to describe themselves, making an alliteration.
Participants go at individual pace.
Participants go at their own pace.
Participants go away with some marvelous thoughts, ideas, and questions to ponder.
Participants go hiking, skiing and sledding.
Participants go home.
Participants go into the field without a facilitator.
Participants go on camp outs and road trips, where they stay at moderately priced hotels.
Participants go on field trips, too.
Participants go on-line at a set time and communicate with electronic messages.
Participants go out on a boat.
Participants go over common negative responses to a union shop and learn how to respond.
Participants go their own pace.
Participants go through a discernment process before they become full members.
Participants go through a screening process prior to acceptance.
Participants go through a three-step study process.
Participants go through the elements with the guidance of certified instructors.
Participants go through various exercises, readings, critiques, and discussion.
Participants go to their homes after every session.
Participants go 'treasure hunting' for a secret cache hidden in a remote or unusual location.
Participants grab the bar.
Participants graduate to instructional programs for improved skilled levels.
Participants greatly benefit from having common situational awareness.
Participants grow at their own pace and begin to see new possibilities for action.
Participants grow fresh, organic, and low cost produce.
Participants grow through intensive daily language instruction and life with a local family.
Participants hail from nine states, including New York, Maine, Virginia, and Connecticut.
Participants hand out business size cards instead of speaking.
Participants hand out business-size cards instead of speaking.
Participants handle air reservations separately.
Participants handle the logistics of the event in a number of different ways.
Participants have (part) arms.
Participants have (part) body substances.
Participants have (part) cell membranes.
Participants have (part) cells.
Participants have (part) corpi.
Participants have (part) cytoplasm.
Participants have (part) heads.
Participants have (part) human bodies.
Participants have (part) legs.
Participants have (part) material bodies.
Participants have (part) necks.
Participants have (part) nuclei.
Participants have (part) personality.
Participants have (part) plasma membranes.
Participants have (part) sections.
Participants have (part) vacuoles.
Participants have a blast creating the powerful images that explode off the screen.
Participants have a broad range of experience levels, from novice to advanced.
Participants have a chance to apply lessons to their own organizations.
Participants have a chance to explore the stage from different perspectives.
Participants have a chance to help others by contributing to medical research.
Participants have a chance to investigate, communicate, and share ideas via the web site.
Participants have a chance to practice what they have learned through small-group presentations.
Participants have a chance to practice with others in a safe and supportive group environment.
Participants have a chance to present their ideas and opinions to policymakers.
Participants have a chance to win a cruise for two to the Bahamas, among other prizes.
Participants have a chance to win prizes as a reward for books they've read.
Participants have a choice of attending one of the three warm-up sessions.
Participants have a choice of homestay or dormitory accommodations.
Participants have a choice of three different types of units each month.
Participants have a choice of two course tracts each week.
Participants have a duty to make payments and assist in keeping the property in good condition.
Participants have a few days to do the required work.
Participants have a fun filled day of riding with some of racing's greatest names.
Participants have a great deal of concern about how visitors to the university are treated.
Participants have a great determination to make their businesses succeed.
Participants have a great time and get a real sense of what field research is like.
Participants have a hands-on opportunity to write, speak and sketch.
Participants have a lifetime limit on benefits of five years.
Participants have a lot of fun guessing which wine is French and which is American.
Participants have a maximum of three trials at any one height.
Participants have a number of dates and times to choose from.
Participants have a positive effect on the health-related choices of young drivers.
Participants have a private bedroom, but bathroom and kitchen facilities are usually shared.
Participants have a project of designing an entire house to be completed by the end of the course.
Participants have a range of quality investment options.
Participants have a right to accessible feedback.
Participants have a rover ticket and are free to sample the full programme of courses.
Participants have a specific objective to accomplish.
Participants have a strong background in art history.
Participants have a vote in the testbed and pilot process.
Participants have a wealth of new knowledge .
Participants have access to a wide variety of services designed to enhance a person's well- being.
Participants have access to nutritional counseling and instruction from a public health nurse.
Participants have access to online mentors, including other learners.
Participants have access to terminal rooms where they can log-in to their home accounts.
Participants have access to the instructor for one year.
Participants have access to the Internet, e-mail, and inter campus and student list servers.
Participants have access to their own in-class computer station.
Participants have ample opportunities to practice the skills in a range of relevant situations.
Participants have ample opportunity to discuss and demonstrate the key elements of facilitation.
Participants have an almost unlimited number of activity choices.
Participants have an equal chance of being assigned to each group.
Participants have an incentive to share information in the mannerthey choose.
Participants have an opportunity to apply principles directly to their organization.
Participants have an opportunity to assess their own leadership skills.
Participants have an opportunity to clarify periodicals classification.
Participants have an opportunity to create a unique mask for themselves.
Participants have an opportunity to discuss their experiences and possible solutions.
Participants have an opportunity to earn program badges.
Participants have an opportunity to learn from professionals and ask questions.
Participants have an opportunity to observe procedures and techniques in a stae of the art setting.
Participants have an opportunity to observe themselves and others and get feedback.
Participants have an opportunity to present topics of their own interest during discussions.
Participants have an opportunity to reflect on their own style and behavioral impact.
Participants have an opportunity to role play the real life conflicts they encounter.
Participants have an opportunity to see for themselves and be witness to that dramatic time.
Participants have an opportunity to share their concerns and discuss possible solutions.
Participants have an opportunity to test out the ten effective search strategies.
Participants have an opportunity to win great prizes.
Participants have an opportunity to win various types of awards throughout the week.
Participants have an unlimited access to the Internet.
Participants have breakfast and depart.
Participants have certain rights and expectations when receiving health care.
Participants have certain rights prior to and during a clinical research study.
Participants have clear roles and responsibilities.
Participants have conflicting priorities, some have different expectations, everyone is busy.
Participants have control over the outcome.
Participants have dinner on their own.
Participants have direct patient care contact in the oncology units.
Participants have directional responses.
Participants have domestic partners.
Participants have email and phone access to their mentor.
Participants have equal access to all results.
Participants have equal chance of being assigned to each group.
Participants have excellent opportunities to network among themselves.
Participants have expertise and can learn from each other.
Participants have four months to fulfill the requirements established for each category.
Participants have freedom to work at times and places to suit themselves.
Participants have full access to all university resources including the library and sports center.
Participants have fun in scouting's many outdoor-oriented activities.
Participants have fun learning the basics of archeology while meeting new people.
Participants have grandparents.
Participants have hands-on experiences with an integrated unit with lessons and activities.
Participants have hands-on instruction in developing facial awareness.
Participants have height.
Participants have illnesses.
Participants have individual quiet time and leave with a plan to begin to de-clutter their lives.
Participants have jam-packed days full of interactive group activities, learning and fun.
Participants have less time to build a strong attachment to characters.
Participants have levels.
Participants have little in common aside from their belief in cryonics.
Participants have little or no free time.
Participants have mixed views of the economy.
Participants have more energy for working on projects with which they are fully in agreement.
Participants have more energy to contribute to the organization and that impacts the bottom line.
Participants have more social contacts per month than similar nonparticipants.
Participants have new challenges every day the institute is in session.
Participants have nothing to lose.
Participants have one minute to write down as many items as they can remember.
Participants have one opportunity to test written and skill knowledge with an instructor.
Participants have one week to send in the solutions.
Participants have one year to complete the program and a city-based community project.
Participants have only one opportunity to complete all required tests.
Participants have opportunities for both personal and professional growth.
Participants have opportunities to identify a health issue and implement a plan of action.
Participants have opportunities to share the assessment system their districts have implemented.
Participants have opportunity.
Participants have option to travel to several states.
Participants have partners.
Participants have plasma.
Participants have primary decision-making responsibilities in the daily operations of a company.
Participants have private bedrooms with shared bathroom facilities.
Participants have regular exhibitions and recitals.
Participants have responses.
Participants have rights as to the timing and form of payment of their pensions.
Participants have rooms.
Participants have separate rooms.
Participants have several credit options for the program.
Participants have several different options in creating their show.
Participants have several investment options from which to choose.
Participants have several opportunities to continue skiing or snowboarding.
Participants have sex partners.
Participants have single rooms, but share bathroom facilities.
Participants have six hours to answer the problems.
Participants have six minutes to finish each test.
Participants have six weeks from the time the study starts to have and treat a migraine headache.
Participants have the ability to have an ongoing discussion that can be accessed at any time.
Participants have the added benefit of live chat and real-time audience polling.
Participants have the chance to be leaders as well as followers.
Participants have the chance to review and reinforce what they have already learned.
Participants have the choice between a high impact or a low impact workout.
Participants have the choice of a morning session or an afternoon session.
Participants have the choice of attending two workshops each day.
Participants have the choice to submit the proposal either electronically or on paper.
Participants have the entire night to explore.
Participants have the opportunity for quiet meditation time.
Participants have the opportunity of selecting from a variety of activities.
Participants have the opportunity ti see real-life applications of their intended majors.
Participants have the opportunity to apply each work incentive to different scenarios.
Participants have the opportunity to apply the skills in simulated coaching situations.
Participants have the opportunity to ask for specific topics to be covered.
Participants have the opportunity to ask questions throughout the demo.
Participants have the opportunity to ask questions.
Participants have the opportunity to attend plays at the Oregon Shakespeare Festival .
Participants have the opportunity to attend programs that specifically address their job function.
Participants have the opportunity to bridge the gap between theory and practice.
Participants have the opportunity to correspond by email with mentors in the field.
Participants have the opportunity to create, or revise, edit, and update their resumes during class.
Participants have the opportunity to develop a plan of action .
Participants have the opportunity to develop their own fat budget.
Participants have the opportunity to develop their portfolio.
Participants have the opportunity to discuss the issue and relate it to their daily lives.
Participants have the opportunity to earn a prize when they reach their mileage goal.
Participants have the opportunity to earn college credits during the summer institute.
Participants have the opportunity to earn their high school equivalency diploma.
Participants have the opportunity to enjoy social activities with their peers.
Participants have the opportunity to examine specific art works as well as ask questions.
Participants have the opportunity to gain practical hands-on experience.
Participants have the opportunity to get their hands dirty with the experts.
Participants have the opportunity to have their marlin tagged and tracked to aid researchers.
Participants have the opportunity to hear from a panel of family business owners.
Participants have the opportunity to help others through their commitment to clinical trials.
Participants have the opportunity to investigate, write, and orally present a mock grievance.
Participants have the opportunity to learn and perform their favorite circus skills.
Participants have the opportunity to listen, learn and network.
Participants have the opportunity to live and work with a host family.
Participants have the opportunity to live with Russian families.
Participants have the opportunity to meet with some of the country s outstanding business leaders.
Participants have the opportunity to network and exchange information with other professionals.
Participants have the opportunity to network with leading professionals and potential job contacts.
Participants have the opportunity to network with others.
Participants have the opportunity to observe demonstration interviews conducted by their trainer.
Participants have the opportunity to pose questions to the researcher.
Participants have the opportunity to practice item writing in the context of their own disciplines.
Participants have the opportunity to practice presentation techniques.
Participants have the opportunity to practice stopping gossip or slander.
Participants have the opportunity to practice their skills.
Participants have the opportunity to query the panel and thoroughly explore all emerging issues.
Participants have the opportunity to reside on-campus for a period of three months.
Participants have the opportunity to see and examine gang jewelry, photos, and other gang objects.
Participants have the opportunity to see and respond to the evaluations.
Participants have the opportunity to study and learn to identify the nematodes at their own pace.
Participants have the opportunity to study British politics, science, literature and theater.
Participants have the opportunity to take a leadership role by serving on the programming committee.
Participants have the opportunity to take an active role in their retirement planning.
Participants have the opportunity to take part in two Forums.
Participants have the opportunity to train five days a week.
Participants have the opportunity to try out Inuit-made winter clothing.
Participants have the opportunity to try the technique themselves, as learners.
Participants have the opportunity to use and review the material.
Participants have the opportunity to work behind or 'in-front' of the camera.
Participants have the opportunity to work on several different case studies.
Participants have the opportunity to work towards nationally recognised qualifications.
Participants have the opportunity to work with outputs from selected analytical tools.
Participants have the opportunity to work with their numbers and socialize in a fun setting.
Participants have the opportunity to work within a community of learners.
Participants have the opportunity to write and evaluate letters of intent.
Participants have the option of choosing surgery or observation.
Participants have the option of earning one college credit.
Participants have the option of earning three college credits in art, humanities or English.
Participants have the option of engaging in mission work during the sojourn.
Participants have the option of enrolling in both sections.
Participants have the option of extending their stay in Paris at additional cost.
Participants have the option of joining as questioners or observers.
Participants have the option of joining at the same time they register.
Participants have the option of living with host families or remaining in a university dormitory.
Participants have the option of meeting one or two of the graduation standards.
Participants have the option of providing contact information.
Participants have the option of providing their e-mail address when posting a message.
Participants have the option of receiving e-mail regarding new replies as they are posted.
Participants have the option of receiving graduate credit upon course completion.
Participants have the option of registering for the first day only, or for the entire three days.
Participants have the option of registering for three hours credit after completing the course.
Participants have the option of riding in each individual race or joining the series competition.
Participants have the option of submitting a list rather than participating live.
Participants have the option to arrive by automobile.
Participants have the option to choose where to invest their money.
Participants have the option to conceal their email address if they wish.
Participants have the option to have one or two short speeches videotaped.
Participants have the option to join as many forums as they wish.
Participants have the option to join the group flight or to make individual fligh arrangements.
Participants have the option to join the group flight or to make individual flight arrangements.
Participants have the option to live with French families or in university residences.
Participants have the option to register by phone, mail, fax or directly online.
Participants have the option to speak or remain silent.
Participants have the option to use either the spot market or the forward market.
Participants have the privilege of interacting with their peers from around the world.
Participants have the responsibility to help reduce the chance of injury.
Participants have the results sent to the colleges of their choice.
Participants have the right to appeal suspension.
Participants have the right to direct investments.
Participants have the right to quit the study at anytime for any reason.
Participants have the right to withdraw from a study at any time.
Participants have the same rights and responsibilities as other officer of the same rank and tenure.
Participants have the space to pause and reflect before responding.
Participants have the the opportunity to take positive action, thus empowering themselves.
Participants have three minutes to complete their comedic routine.
Participants have three months to complete the course.
Participants have three options of earning credit.
Participants have time during the class to work on their project with help from the instructor.
Participants have time to examine the student work and ask clarifying questions.
Participants have time to think - have time for any needed research before participating.
Participants have to arrange for their own hotel and travel accommodations.
Participants have to be called on to speak, one by one.
Participants have to be fluent in the chosen working language of the programme.
Participants have to be quick.
Participants have to be ready and willing to function within a structured group environment.
Participants have to bear all the expenses involved.
Participants have to bring a toy to be in the show.
Participants have to build a interesting website about a topic they choose.
Participants have to carry their own threads.
Participants have to consider issues common to all the coastal regions.
Participants have to construct blowgun rockets and then launch their creations.
Participants have to find their own way to succeed, with the help of a process.
Participants have to indicate their choice of parallel session upon registration.
Participants have to log on at the same time.
Participants have to make their own hotel reservations.
Participants have to pay only travel costs.
Participants have to pay their own expenses as transportation, housing and food.
Participants have to pay their travel costs and hotel accommodation themselves.
Participants have to present a paper or have to play an active role during the conference.
Participants have to sit or dance in one line.
Participants have to stand on the edge of the platform and then jump out and hold on to the trapeze.
Participants have to take care of hotel reservation by themselves.
Participants have to take two written tests during the introductory lecture course.
Participants have to understand the mechanism for change and be able to respond to it.
Participants have to wear a diver's helmet with an attached light, as well as a wet suit.
Participants have twelve compost bins to demonstrate the mechanics of composting.
Participants have two fee options for registering for the conference itself.
Participants have two hours of language instruction twice a week.
Participants have two registration options.
Participants have two-years to complete the certificate requirements.
Participants have unique opportunity.
Participants have very few opportunities to provide input.
Participants have yet to be announced.
Participants having knowledge of the problem respond directly to the person making the request.
Participants hear a recorded voice that provides instructions about how to answer.
Participants hear from the experts and interact with practicing principals.
Participants help Connecticut prisoners cope with incarceration through letters or personal visits.
Participants help each other in learning the material.
Participants help evaluate the overall program or event.
Participants help in drafting articles, copy making, and preparing the newsletter for distribution.
Participants help Israel by sharing the positive experience of their visit.
Participants help out with dishwashing.
Participants help produce their own products, followed by an auction of blacksmith-related items.
Participants help shape the training to best meets their needs.
Participants help to load and d prepare meals together.
Participants help to run class.
Participants help to select the books chosen by the group, and any sort of book can be read.
Participants help with clean up.
Participants here can also receive information about other discipline-specific lists.
Participants Here is a link to a list of participants and titles of their talks .
Participants Here is a list of participants .
Participants Here is a list of participants and where they stay during the summer school.
Participants hike with plates, forks and cups, ready to sample each treat.
Participants hike, sail, canoe, spelunk, kayak, golf, barbecue, and socialize.
Participants hike, sea kayak, climb, bike, and raft through magnificent scenery and famous locales.
Participants hold their drinks and surround the table.
Participants hold unlighted candles.
Participants hold up words and group together by same or very similar.
Participants hold weekly meetings and reflections prior to the visit.
Participants hone their expertise in strategic planning, goal setting and negotiations.
Participants hope the nationwide training day has a ripple effect into the wider community.
Participants hope to create an institutional mechanism to keep track of clean production.
Participants hope to develop a separate program to train youths in bike maintenance.
Participants hope to generate plans to promote online public safety, privacy, and commerce.
Participants hope to make remote sensing an ally in the war against noxious weeds.
Participants hope to redefine labor relations and develop a positive model for the future.
Participants hope to sustain some through alternate funding.
Participants huddle in for a photo with their work.
Participants hunt with firearms reminiscent of early settlers.
Participants identify a dream they want to realize and choose a favorite female quote.
Participants identify a practical approach to resiliency research.
Participants identify and act on a community health concern using a health promotion framework.
Participants identify and discuss ethical issues presented in assigned fact patterns.
Participants identify as lesbian, gay or bi, or are questioning their sexuality.
Participants identify constraints.
Participants identify developmental work assignments and re-locate for the program.
Participants identify implications for action that emerge from their conversation.
Participants identify job skills, develop resumes, and practice interview techniques.
Participants identify market segments and use market segmentation to project sales.
Participants identify rules and procedures to respond to daily human resources issues.
Participants identify strategies for increasing students' informal connections to the world of work.
Participants identify the issues they want to explore and the experts they want to hear.
Participants identify the issues they wish to explore and the experts they want to hear from.
Participants identify their own leadership capacities and build on their strengths.
Participants identify their primary job responsibilities, based on their job description.
Participants identify themselves as essentially social and political beings.
Participants identify with and interview biblical characters and interact with each other.
Participants identify, learn and practice effective listening techniques.
Participants immerse themselves in Italian life.
Participants improve communication skills, reduce stress, set goals, and make tough decisions.
Participants improve their credit by taking a personal bank loan to purchase their car.
Participants improve their financial intelligence and increase their chances for financial freedom.
Participants improve their skills by building affordable housing in the community.
Participants improve their skills in managing the institution's workforce, budget, and operations.
Participants improve their swimming efficiency and endurance over increased distances.
Participants increase activities.
Participants increase knowledge of the scope of support services available to children and teachers.
Participants increase opportunities for peer assistance through the use of dialogue journals.
Participants increase physical activities.
Participants increase their speech rate systematically through programmed instruction.
Participants incur a service obligation of three times the length of schooling.
Participants incur their own long distance charges.
Participants indicate that they remember an item if they can consciously recollect it.
Participants indicate where along a continuum their attitude or reaction resides.
Participants ingest heavy water.
Participants ingest water.
Participants instruct other students in a variety of age groups, schools and backgrounds.
Participants integrate technology in homes or classrooms.
Participants interact almost as quickly as they do in a traditional classroom setting.
Participants interact and learn from each other on threaded discussion boards.
Participants interact at their own comfort level and personal self care is encouraged.
Participants interact directly with the map to examine different arrangements of ideas.
Participants interact with and hear presentations by practicing scientists and engineers.
Participants interact with faculty, and students taking courses in the minor.
Participants interact with one another via e-mail and bulletin board sessions.
Participants interact with our nation s leaders from all branches of government.
Participants interact with the instructor for questions, discussions and assignment feedback.
Participants interact with the mediator directly while the other party listens.
Participants interact with the people and institutions that shape our society and our world.
Participants interact with their instructor and other classmates electronically via email.
Participants interact within a small group environment.
Participants intern with a specified development organization.
Participants interpret the compositions, just as musicians interpret musical compositions.
Participants interview with judges from various fields of science and engineering.
Participants introduce someone else giving their name and something unique about that person.
Participants introduce themselves and tell why they are there.
Participants introduce themselves by sending e-mail to the mailing list.
Participants introduce themselves.
Participants invest in a combination of stock, bond, and money market mutual funds.
Participants invest two or five hours aweek in preparation.
Participants investigate and experience current practices in literacy instruction.
Participants investigate complex issues set in scenarios in the future and seek solutions.
Participants investigate the tools and fundamentals of Web page creation and publishing.
Participants ire responsible for providing their own collection materials.
Participants join a meeting by connecting to the host.
Participants join in creating a visual expression of their findings to share.
Participants join in expeditions, engage in community service, and develop a hobby.
Participants join in yoga, dance, meditation, chanting, whirling, drumming and more.
Participants join the discussion on the challenges in exit test development and implementation.
Participants join the project in teams of four or more.
Participants join through one of six broad categories called sectors.
Participants jot down their answers.
Participants jump in teams for a predetermined amount of time.
Participants jump rope as part of six-person teams for three hours.
Participants jump, climb, crawl, squeeze and slide their way through a cacophony of obstacles.
Participants just call a specialized toll-free number and join in the action.
Participants just follow tee signs through the park with their flying disc in hand.
Participants just seem more involved and interested.
Participants keep a diary of their diet and take either the actual vaccine or the placebo.
Participants keep a food diary, recording how their food was prepared and the serving size.
Participants keep a journal and are given homework assignments.
Participants keep a notebook to keep track of their menus and homework assignments.
Participants keep a strict sleep schedule at home for two weeks and then do four in-lab nights.
Participants keep personal clothing following the completion of the expedition.
Participants keep records to identify patterns and problems with their eating and exercise regimens.
Participants keep the books distributed in the program.
Participants keep the house they build.
Participants keep their constituencies informed of progress.
Participants keep their own records.
Participants keep their rooms and receive their food allowance during vacations.
Participants keep track of their fitness activities on special scorecards to earn prizes.
Participants keep track of their mileage, send it in, and become eligible for incentive prizes.
Participants keep track of their recreational mileage for each month.
Participants know how to create a simple web with a couple of pages.
Participants know how to develop desired conditions, standards, and monitoring indicators.
Participants know they can move ahead without waiting weeks for a report to come out.
Participants know when they have been heard because they get visual confirmation.
Participants largely manage their own affairs as they see fit.
Participants later have the opportunity to be hired as staff by the science center.
Participants lead inquiry into content and methods after each presentation.
Participants lead the development of vision, mission and goals for their building.
Participants learn a hands on aspect to science.
Participants learn a little about the kinds of wines they are tasting, and the wines are scored.
Participants learn a living lesson in civics and in the workings of government.
Participants learn a planning process that reduces wasted time and increases productivity.
Participants learn a time tested process.
Participants learn abdominal thrusts.
Participants learn about a wide variety of native plants and nursery procedures.
Participants learn about archaeological field methods, laboratory techniques, and excavation.
Participants learn about art, history, construction and their culture.
Participants learn about beach safety in a fun and challenging atmosphere.
Participants learn about boating regulations and safe riding principles.
Participants learn about calendars and cycles of time.
Participants learn about canoe safety and rescue techniques.
Participants learn about choice, participation, and leadership.
Participants learn about common sense techniques that can save their lives and the lives of others.
Participants learn about communications, logic, and reasoning.
Participants learn about concrete methods used to protect property and facilities from fire.
Participants learn about conductors in a musical performance.
Participants learn about current issues and acquire lobbying skills.
Participants learn about diversity and similarity of viewpoints in the large group.
Participants learn about Earth's place in the universe and how it supports life.
Participants learn about emerging topics, have dinner together, and network with colleagues.
Participants learn about endangered plants and animals.
Participants learn about everything from economic concepts to zoning regulations.
Participants learn about everything from geometry to gravity to the Internet.
Participants learn about expert systems and present-day artificial intelligence scenarios.
Participants learn about firearms, police vehicle operation, community policing and more.
Participants learn about government, law, history, geography, resources and voting in Canada.
Participants learn about home buying, home finance and home ownership process and challenges.
Participants learn about local, state and federal issues from a host of experts on all sides.
Participants learn about Maryland s forests and where, how and why they grow.
Participants learn about music technology and how to find music resources on the web.
Participants learn about nutrition, food selection and budgeting, and food safety and sanitation.
Participants learn about one another's culture and deconstruct personal stereotypes.
Participants learn about our tutor training process.
Participants learn about planning experiments, preparing reports and making presentations.
Participants learn about plants and animals unique to the cold, acidic environment.
Participants learn about reading room procedures, access control, and prevention systems.
Participants learn about resources available to people in abusive relationships.
Participants learn about sex, identity, and sexuality.
Participants learn about soil, water, forests, wildlife, and land use planning.
Participants learn about special collections, how to find books, how to borrow books, etc.
Participants learn about teamwork by working in teams.
Participants learn about the causes of domestic violence, the symptoms and possible legal remedies.
Participants learn about the color wheel and consider tone, value, and composition.
Participants learn about the decision making process and how to narrow their choices.
Participants learn about the historic background and basic rules of heraldry.
Participants learn about the requirements and benefits of training for a non-traditional career.
Participants learn about the special needs of foster children and the realities of foster care work.
Participants learn about the technology through media modules.
Participants learn about the value and importance of the personnel evaluation.
Participants learn about themselves, their beliefs and how they react to stressful situations.
Participants learn about using Long Island Sound as a resource for teaching marine science.
Participants learn about vision and different tactics.
Participants learn about wetlands, flood plain ecology, and fisheries.
Participants learn about wildlife and conservation while having fun with animals.
Participants learn about wines in an easy, relaxed format with plenty of interaction.
Participants learn about workshops and individual services available.
Participants learn activist skills and meet new friends.
Participants learn all aspects of the techniques used in the workshop.
Participants learn alternative data entry methods for data interpretation and analysis.
Participants learn and exchange skills through lectures and classroom-style discussion.
Participants learn and improve the skills essential to the game.
Participants learn and play a wide variety of improv activities and games.
Participants learn and practice basic vocabulary with games and conversation.
Participants learn and practice specific communication techniques.
Participants learn and retain more with skills they can apply immediately in the workplace.
Participants learn and retain more, gaining skills they can apply immediately in the workplace.
Participants learn and retain more.
Participants learn and share their knowledge by engaging in Vietnamese-American related activities.
Participants learn as much from one another as they do from the guest speakers.
Participants learn basic camera operation, film processing and printing.
Participants learn basic concepts of crisis management and analyze recent cases of corporate crises.
Participants learn basic functions of a computer.
Participants learn basic skills and correct positioning through drills and games.
Participants learn basics of mechanics of English language for editing their created scripts.
Participants learn beginners' swimming instruction.
Participants learn behavior modification elements with a group of their peers.
Participants learn both simple and complex methods of modifying the look of existing shoes.
Participants learn both to be coached by others and, eventually, to coach their peers.
Participants learn by doing , further increasing the retention of what is taught.
Participants learn by doing activities and problem solving games.
Participants learn by doing projects that are designed to fit the needs of youth at different ages.
Participants learn by doing the activities and problem solving games.
Participants learn by doing.
Participants learn by practicing in realistic scenarios with a padded assailant.
Participants learn by working with color.
Participants learn by writing and delivering performance expectations.
Participants learn career planning and job search skills and gain work experience as interns.
Participants learn carpentry skills from staff carpenters.
Participants learn cleaning and shaping of curved canals with efficiency and ease.
Participants learn clogs, jigs, reels and the importance of timing, rhythm and coordination.
Participants learn communication skills and practice through videotaped presentations.
Participants learn communication skills and ways to avoid future conflict.
Participants learn communication techniques that convey respect and promote inclusion.
Participants learn content through hands-on inquiry activities.
Participants learn cooperation, group decision making, planning and organization.
Participants learn coping behaviors to stop escalation and to resolve conflicts.
Participants learn coping skills to avoid panic attacks and work on overcoming fear and depression.
Participants learn customer service, business management and community development skills.
Participants learn dances including the swing, waltz, cha-cha, fox trot, rhumba, and samba.
Participants learn development theory and are exposed to various models of counseling.
Participants learn easy ways to identify their values and set realistic goals.
Participants learn elementary Braille.
Participants learn elements of music.
Participants learn employment skills, as well as self-discipline and dignity.
Participants learn English, make friends and take field trips.
Participants learn every aspect of theater production.
Participants learn exercises and new skills to prevent urinary incontinence.
Participants learn first hand how high-risk behaviors can damage internal organs.
Participants learn formats for developing and organizing data for their presentations.
Participants learn from a variety of folk artists and scholars.
Participants learn from class discussion, real life video segments and hands-on practice sessions.
Participants learn from colleagues who share similar responsibilities and concerns.
Participants learn from each other and respect differences in perspective.
Participants learn from each other as they confront their values, attitudes, and habits.
Participants learn from each other as well as from the mentors.
Participants learn from each other, while developing their communication skills.
Participants learn from nationally recognized leaders.
Participants learn from the experiences of the workshop leaders, Fr.
Participants learn from the group interaction where they apply what they are learning.
Participants learn fun and exciting dances, including some of the latest line dances.
Participants learn fundamental SPSS procedures by tackling a actual research question.
Participants learn gating techniques and how to assess mines for the presence of bats.
Participants learn general shop skills, industrial safety, and road flagging.
Participants learn guidelines for both giving and receiving feedback in positive, constructive ways.
Participants learn guidelines for prevention and how to recognize the onset of symptoms.
Participants learn gun safety and the fundamentals of target shooting.
Participants learn hands-on about water quality, wildlife, and wetland soils.
Participants learn hands-on how to repair computers and take one they repair home.
Participants learn hands-on practical exercises which can supplement classroom curricula.
Participants learn how a computer works, and how to perform simple word processing tasks.
Participants learn how and when to apply the functions.
Participants learn how current issues affect their industry and their operations.
Participants learn how financial markets work and how capital are raised to fund business growth.
Participants learn how nature and man conspired to create one of the most beautiful places around.
Participants learn how nutrition can affect their bodies and even their moods.
Participants learn how the programs can be used to finance businesses in their communities.
Participants learn how their decisions as individuals and as a group impact profitability.
Participants learn how they can benefit from all past intimate relationships.
Participants learn how to access available resources.
Participants learn how to access community organizations and agencies for valuable assistance.
Participants learn how to access, analyze, and apply data and information.
Participants learn how to address, send, receive, reply, file, and trash messages.
Participants learn how to administer subsets and interpret scores for pur-poses of remediation.
Participants learn how to apply business processes, techniques and models to everyday problems.
Participants learn how to apply the principles of entrepreneurship.
Participants learn how to approach corporations in new and more effective ways.
Participants learn how to assess risk in a way that minimizes fear and maximizes useful information.
Participants learn how to be allies and how to work together to address racism.
Participants learn how to be more effective and efficient as teachers.
Participants learn how to best set and realize their individual goals.
Participants learn how to better connect a team of ten to a community of hundreds.
Participants learn how to buy, store, and prepare healthy, inexpensive foods.
Participants learn how to chip a stone knife and make an arrowhead.
Participants learn how to communicate more effectively with supervisors, peers, and employees.
Participants learn how to communicate student progress in meaningful ways to parents.
Participants learn how to comply with aviation regulations and how to analyze weather conditions.
Participants learn how to construct advanced ArcXML requests.
Participants learn how to contribute their ideas and encourage others to do the same.
Participants learn how to cope with asthma in their everyday life.
Participants learn how to create a database relevant to their company's estimating methods.
Participants learn how to create a safe therapeutic environment.
Participants learn how to create jazz chants and other activities to fit their own curricula.
Participants learn how to create positive change in their lives and improve self-image.
Participants learn how to create quizzes, tests, and surveys.
Participants learn how to create window treatments without using a sewing machine.
Participants learn how to customize a template and then produce a memo using it.
Participants learn how to deal with stressful situations and improve coping skills.
Participants learn how to deal with success and failure as an individual and as part of a group.
Participants learn how to develop a monthly budget and a personal spending plan.
Participants learn how to develop and design specific database programs to fit their needs.
Participants learn how to develop and maintain that sense of order in the work place.
Participants learn how to effectively communicate with policymakers.
Participants learn how to effectively design, assemble, and deploy a Web site.
Participants learn how to engage center visitors in a range of in activities.
Participants learn how to enter text, numbers and formulas, create, format, save and print files.
Participants learn how to establish a win-win strategy.
Participants learn how to establish trust and how to achieve results through others.
Participants learn how to evaluate measures to answer organizational issues.
Participants learn how to express their ideas effectively in a group setting.
Participants learn how to feed, handle and diaper infants.
Participants learn how to given a massage which can come in handy during the year to relieve stress.
Participants learn how to heal the emotional and institutional impact of discrimination.
Participants learn how to identify, age and sex birds, and to study their populations and behaviour.
Participants learn how to increase their chances for winning promotions.
Participants learn how to integrate uses of technology to meet a variety of learning styles.
Participants learn how to lead change efforts that support the vision of their organization.
Participants learn how to make their community crime-free.
Participants learn how to make themselves and their babies healthy and happy.
Participants learn how to map dialogue in meetings, team processes, strategy and visioning sessions.
Participants learn how to mediate a truce effectively.
Participants learn how to motivate through communication.
Participants learn how to operate sea borne weapon systems, including missile firing systems.
Participants learn how to organize their work and personal time.
Participants learn how to plan a fun and dynamic program while learning teambuilding skill and more.
Participants learn how to plan and successfully conduct a business impact analysis project.
Participants learn how to plan meals, shop for food, prepare simple meals, and clean up.
Participants learn how to plan, develop and conduct an oral history interview.
Participants learn how to post their resumes on the Internet or advertise their enterprise.
Participants learn how to prepare and present with professionalism.
Participants learn how to prepare, participate in, lead, and conclude meetings.
Participants learn how to proactively maintain machines and equipment at peak productivity.
Participants learn how to problem solve and apply the indexing principles in different situations.
Participants learn how to produce a similar video to meet their own needs.
Participants learn how to safely process livestock.
Participants learn how to save more than two hours a day.
Participants learn how to search the Web for information and how to communicate using e-mail.
Participants learn how to select and effectively use a variety of data collection methods.
Participants learn how to select books that help children cope with stressful situations.
Participants learn how to select locations, make initial contacts and create a location photo file.
Participants learn how to set priorities, improve effectiveness and build rapport.
Participants learn how to set up and administer inspection and maintenance programs.
Participants learn how to set up templates to create memos, professional letters, and resumes.
Participants learn how to set up their essay answers for the bar exam.
Participants learn how to share their faith by telling and doing.
Participants learn how to stretch food dollars and feed their families in a healthier way.
Participants learn how to support the efforts of elected officials.
Participants learn how to target high value markets such as telecommunications.
Participants learn how to taste wines and develop a taste memory.
Participants learn how to teach catechists to use teacher's manuals.
Participants learn how to tune and redesign dynamic organizational structures.
Participants learn how to understand and identify customers needs and wants.
Participants learn how to use a flat-bed scanner and slide scanner.
Participants learn how to use each of the tools needed for web development.
Participants learn how to use interactive teaching circumstances existing at the time.
Participants learn how to use keyboard functions and commands.
Participants learn how to use meetings to produce specific business results .
Participants learn how to use meetings to produce specific business results.
Participants learn how to use radar to locate enemy ships and to track friendly forces.
Participants learn how to use style as an asset, as opposed to a barrier to high performance teams.
Participants learn how to use the automated card catalog and basic Internet skills.
Participants learn how to use the automated library catalog and basic Internet skills.
Participants learn how to use the selling process to meet their goals.
Participants learn how to work in a team and how to develop creative concepts.
Participants learn if they are an auditory, visual, kinesthetic, or multisensory learner.
Participants learn improved communications and other skills to improve family functioning.
Participants learn in a cohort group.
Participants learn in spite of themselves.
Participants learn in the classroom and earn income as trainees at construction sites.
Participants learn in the relaxed atmosphere of our modern training facility.
Participants learn individual and team survival techniques in a tactical environment.
Participants learn innovative and creative ways of managing the challenges and crises of government.
Participants learn innovative ways to engage students in thinking critically and logically.
Participants learn instructional practices that engage stuents in writing across the genres.
Participants learn key skills in market segmentation and positioning.
Participants learn leadership skills and examine the economic and social issues of our area.
Participants learn methods that everyone can employ to help protect dolphins and their world.
Participants learn methods to determine and ultimately improve cycle time within their own facility.
Participants learn more about specific technology as it links to particular aspects of curriculum.
Participants learn more about the critical issues of the community.
Participants learn more about the liturgy while participating in services.
Participants learn more about the ministry and function of catechesis.
Participants learn more about the value of managing diversity at work.
Participants learn more and easier if they can experience what they are learning.
Participants learn new self-motivational techniques.
Participants learn new skills and gain valuable experience.
Participants learn new ways to become effective allies for one another.
Participants learn new ways to conceptualize students behavior.
Participants learn nine effective teaching practices used in instructional design and delivery.
Participants learn numerous activities immediately applicable to their classes.
Participants learn on camera, oral and written communication skills from professional sportscasters.
Participants learn one important Bible point each day.
Participants learn outdoor survival skills, self-sufficiency, and wilderness ethics.
Participants learn pantomime, theater games, improvisation, acting and more.
Participants learn parenting skills and pursue information that encourages post secondary education.
Participants learn peer support systems and build respect for each others' strengths.
Participants learn personal responsibility.
Participants learn pertinent maintenance checks to make for each type of system.
Participants learn physical relaxation techniques paired with music and visualizations.
Participants learn practical skills in small group workshops.
Participants learn practical steps for dealing with their own reactions to change.
Participants learn practical strategies they can implement immediately.
Participants learn practical techniques for making their writing more effective.
Participants learn processes for setting group goals and making decisions effectively.
Participants learn protective tactics and formations when moving a judge on foot.
Participants learn quick nutritious meal preparation based on the food guide pyramid.
Participants learn quickly and are ready to use new skills when they return to their home or office.
Participants learn relaxation skills to help control and reduce stress and enhance overall health.
Participants learn relaxation techniques and strategies for coping with stressful situations.
Participants learn responsibility and cooperation through individual and team-oriented projects.
Participants learn risk management issues specific to various populations.
Participants learn safety procedures, consumer training and home economics.
Participants learn self-discipline and how to work as part of a team.
Participants learn several methods of evaluation of ego development.
Participants learn signs and symptoms of various sexual dysfunctions.
Participants learn skills and improve their self-esteem by rehabilitating abandoned houses.
Participants learn skills.
Participants learn soccer skills and game situations through practice and game play.
Participants learn some essential techniques and a basic repertoire of West Virginia fiddle pieces.
Participants learn some of the finer points of wilderness travel and survival.
Participants learn specifics of starting a business.
Participants learn steps to lay a brick path.
Participants learn strategies for success in academics and employment.
Participants learn strategies for upholding the values.
Participants learn strategies for working with difficult students.
Participants learn strategies that help speed up the process and minimize the productivity decline.
Participants learn surrounded by oxen, crops, old barns, and craft shops.
Participants learn system sizing, site analysis, hardware specification and component selection.
Participants learn system sizing, site analysis, hardware specification, and component selection.
Participants learn techniques to access essential being or soul nature.
Participants learn techniques to promote group interaction and anchor data in visual maps.
Participants learn that every individual, congregation, organization, and business is powerful.
Participants learn that the success of the meeting depends on the leader and the attendees.
Participants learn that they can make a difference and that they can pass on hope to others.
Participants learn the art of ceramics from different masters in the field.
Participants learn the basic art of storytelling and listening.
Participants learn the basic components of a good request and common mistakes to avoid.
Participants learn the basic to program planning and working with youth.
Participants learn the basics of creating web pages.
Participants learn the basics of photography.
Participants learn the basics of student-centered teaching.
Participants learn the benefits of effective teams and stages of team development.
Participants learn the connections between their faith and their daily lives.
Participants learn the crawl, back crawl, elementary back stroke, and rhythmic breathing.
Participants learn the difference as well as skills in applying both.
Participants learn the different areas of consideration when planning for a high threat trial.
Participants learn the do's and don'ts of effective boardsmanship.
Participants learn the effects of creekside land uses and study the area s plant and wildlife.
Participants learn the elements of an effective grant proposal.
Participants learn the elements of eliciting the relaxation response.
Participants learn the essentials about processing their cases through the court.
Participants learn the facts about human sexuality and sexually transmitted diseases.
Participants learn the four critical factors to achieving clear communications.
Participants learn the fundamentals of developing and operating a business.
Participants learn the fundamentals of distribution systems and the dilemmas faced by each system.
Participants learn the fundamentals of managing themselves more successfully.
Participants learn the fundamentals of the e-comme rce marketing plan.
Participants learn the fundamentals of volleyball and enjoy the game.
Participants learn the impact of change on people, communication and trust.
Participants learn the importance of ethics in the engineering field.
Participants learn the importance of having a work place design that fits the needs of the user.
Participants learn the importance of personalities in developing effective business relationships.
Participants learn the latest freestyle tricks in our kickin' terrain park and half pipe.
Participants learn the latest in diabetes medical nutrition therapy.
Participants learn the legal basis for court security established by statute and federal case law.
Participants learn the meaning of body movements, facial expressions, personal space and touching.
Participants learn the model by working on their own developmental traumas.
Participants learn the practical application of Japanese hand tools.
Participants learn the practical application of specific laws to parcels of land.
Participants learn the practical methods for incorporating problem solving into routine patrol.
Participants learn the practical science and art of making sausages.
Participants learn the principles and skills needed to become an effective educator.
Participants learn the principles of bridge building.
Participants learn the pros and cons of each communication style plus when and how to use each.
Participants learn the realities of aging and the special needs of elders.
Participants learn the relationship between emotion and physical motion in music.
Participants learn the responsibilities and qualities of being a good babysitter.
Participants learn the statistics of abuse as well as the signs and symptoms of a child victim.
Participants learn the steps involved in multimedia development and how to video, and animations.
Participants learn the techniques of prospect identification from a variety of sources.
Participants learn the tools for a rational, logic-based approach to handling conflict situations.
Participants learn the traditional Mexican dances, music, stage sets and costume design.
Participants learn the typical causes of conflict and how to recognize conflict in the workplace.
Participants learn the unwritten cultural rules that shape successful business interactions.
Participants learn the value of networking and keeping in contact with people.
Participants learn through action which enables the exploration of both theory and practice.
Participants learn through demonstration, discussion and hands-on experience.
Participants learn through parenting and life skills workshops and support groups.
Participants learn through small group activities and simulated audits.
Participants learn tips and ideas for putting on a party.
Participants learn tips and techniques for leading family education courses.
Participants learn tips from outstanding athletes.
Participants learn to acknowledge efforts and results in meaningful and appropriate ways.
Participants learn to apply storytelling techniques to familiar and lesser-known Bible stories.
Participants learn to apply the mediation process in ways, which assist groups in conflict.
Participants learn to apply the techniques to their own literature and film selections.
Participants learn to assist, empower, and advocate on behalf of low-income immigrants.
Participants learn to be disciplined, hard-working, and fair.
Participants learn to build customized templates for documents and electronically edit documents.
Participants learn to communicate ideas quickly with simple and powerful graphics.
Participants learn to conduct quantitative analysis, confirm data, and perform final reconciliation.
Participants learn to create super side dishes and salads at low cost.
Participants learn to create terrific treats at a low cost.
Participants learn to create, manage, save, retrieve and print worksheets.
Participants learn to create, save, retrieve, edit and print spreadsheets.
Participants learn to deal with emotional pain and to rebuild their lives.
Participants learn to deal with friction in a way that works, furthering productivity and learning.
Participants learn to deal with heart attacks, choking and respiratory emergencies.
Participants learn to deal with insects and diseases using a variety of methods.
Participants learn to design a provider course to meet the needs of a particular student population.
Participants learn to design and create tables, enter and manipulate information in tables.
Participants learn to develop and research their business idea and write a business plan.
Participants learn to develop and use checklists in continuous and formal safety inspections.
Participants learn to develop goals, objectives and strategies for a particular learning outcome.
Participants learn to discern the difference between space standards and design standards.
Participants learn to discover the joy and freedom of singing through proper sound production.
Participants learn to distinguish between learning needs of children and adults.
Participants learn to do studies by designing a study during the workshop.
Participants learn to effectively address the often neglected emotional roots of our problems.
Participants learn to enhance a multi-table report and create summary reports.
Participants learn to expect the unexpected.
Participants learn to facilitate film and the post- film discussion.
Participants learn to facilitate the process by actually doing it.
Participants learn to focus on character versus race or ethnicity.
Participants learn to give a simple, enriching full body massage.
Participants learn to gut and rebuild a computer, and learn installations and basic repair.
Participants learn to have pride in dependability and what it takes to succeed at employability.
Participants learn to hone the finer points of fire service leadership.
Participants learn to identify and adapt to an organization's communication and management protocol.
Participants learn to identify key marketing concepts as well as cultivation techniques.
Participants learn to identify management problems and implement solutions on an on-going basis.
Participants learn to identify potential cultural influences on effective counseling process.
Participants learn to identify sources of stress and understand common ways to defeat it.
Participants learn to identify the behavioral cues associated with each level.
Participants learn to identify the many diversions that divert their time and energy.
Participants learn to identify their employment interests, interview skills, resume writing, etc.
Participants learn to implement effective programs in homes, schools, neighborhoods, and at work.
Participants learn to include science as a context for understanding and belonging to the universe.
Participants learn to increase savings or reduce debt.
Participants learn to install the system software and interpret the computer error messages.
Participants learn to live the servant leadership lifestyle.
Participants learn to locate and evaluate information in newsgroups, chat groups and the Web.
Participants learn to locate resources, analyze research and formulate research problems.
Participants learn to look in many, unlikely places to reduce the cost of space missions.
Participants learn to make everything from salads and sandwiches to shellfish entrees and stews.
Participants learn to make fast collaborative decisions in complex and rapidly changing situations.
Participants learn to make XML information usable for the reader.
Participants learn to manage stress through physical and cognitive techniques.
Participants learn to manage their asthma through education, counseling and follow-up.
Participants learn to manipulate windows, start programs and switch applications.
Participants learn to navigate the system to obtain financial and reporting information.
Participants learn to operate scanners and digital cameras to personalize instructional materials.
Participants learn to perform advanced outer join and crosstab query techniques.
Participants learn to play with a concentration on exercise, sportsmanship and friendly competition.
Participants learn to prevent, prepare for, and respond to workplace emergencies.
Participants learn to reach within for sources of imagery.
Participants learn to recognise unsafe or abusive situations and to problem-solve solutions.
Participants learn to recognize the tricks by which ego tries to hold onto itself.
Participants learn to reflect upon and assess their own teaching.
Participants learn to relax more and to engage in more pleasant events.
Participants learn to relax when speaking.
Participants learn to review and reflect together in order to improve the way they work together.
Participants learn to sing the ballads and work songs of the American sailor.
Participants learn to speak with confidence about their jobs and practice answering audit questions.
Participants learn to surf the Internet and use e-mail.
Participants learn to take charge in difficult circumstances to keep the discussion moving forward.
Participants learn to take risks and develop trusting relationships.
Participants learn to teach children about media images.
Participants learn to think on their feet and act decisively.
Participants learn to throw, catch, field and base run.
Participants learn to transfer only the important information in a timely, efficient manner.
Participants learn to trust others, trust authority and trust themselves.
Participants learn to use a hands-on teaching system for introducing algebraic concepts to students.
Participants learn to use advanced math and science methodology in their classrooms.
Participants learn to use appropriate fishing techniques to keep their trophy fish on the line.
Participants learn to use BARS Payment Plan functionality.
Participants learn to use humor to make a point, correct inapropriate behavior and inspire others.
Participants learn to use performance evaluation instruments.
Participants learn to use special play sessions to interact with their child.
Participants learn to use system functions for monitoring the performance of specific queries.
Participants learn to wear smiles on their faces.
Participants learn to work as a team as they invent their toys.
Participants learn to work out a schedule to make the best use of available time.
Participants learn to work together and to accept the contributions of each.
Participants learn to write clear and concise letters, memos, proposals and reports.
Participants learn to write clear, concise, more reader-oriented documents.
Participants learn together in small groups of five to maximise participation.
Participants learn tools and concepts to become more competitive and improve performance.
Participants learn trades and create products for sale in local markets as additional income.
Participants learn useful guidelines for giving positive feedback effectively.
Participants learn vocabulary with graphic word puzzles and games emphasizing word roots.
Participants learn ways to be more comfortable in public speaking situations.
Participants learn ways to help employees turn potential threats into opportunities to contribute.
Participants learn ways to identify and access the community programs that support families.
Participants learn what e-leadership means for themselves and their organizations.
Participants learn what is required to become successful college students.
Participants learn what they can do, both upward and downward, to reduce fear.
Participants learn what they want, with no pressure and no hassles.
Participants learn what to expect.
Participants learn what web page development is.
Participants learn where to find resources and reach new markets.
Participants learn which methods work best on today's work force.
Participants learn while continuing their work responsibilities.
Participants learn while doing.
Participants learn why a particular skill or feature is useful, as well as how to use it.
Participants leave course with experience of how menu-driven paint system operate.
Participants leave each session with materials geared to the lesson.
Participants leave feeling better about themselves, their responsibilities, and the future.
Participants leave more rejuvenated, relaxed, refreshed and centered than when they arrived.
Participants leave the conference with customized action plans for their athletic departments.
Participants leave the course armed with an action plan customized to their facility's needs.
Participants leave the courses ready to immediately apply what they've learned.
Participants leave the program with a finished project.
Participants leave the workshop having made substantial progress in designing or revising a course.
Participants leave the workshop with extensive handouts and print materials.
Participants leave with a clear understanding of the key elements of proper documentation.
Participants leave with a completed program evaluation report.
Participants leave with a game plan specific to their desires, interests and business ideas.
Participants leave with a goodie bag filled with fun stuff and educational information.
Participants leave with a new perspective and a key action tool kit for achieving career goals.
Participants leave with a new set of tools they can apply locally.
Participants leave with a personal action plan to improve their managerial and leadership abilities.
Participants leave with a plan to de-clutter their lives and the inspiration to implement it.
Participants leave with a seed to plant back at school or home.
Participants leave with a turn-key business operation trained by industry professionals.
Participants leave with a valuable reference document they can refer to time after time.
Participants leave with a wealth of free resources and practical tools.
Participants leave with a written plan for proceeding with meaning, passion, and confidence.
Participants leave with a written vision, action plan and resources.
Participants leave with actual material they can immediately use in the work place or personally.
Participants leave with concrete suggestions for recruiting and retaining workers.
Participants leave with enhanced self-esteem and confidence.
Participants leave with goals they intend to achieve when they return to the job.
Participants leave with new insight into what is required to sell to executives.
Participants leave with pages of e-mail addresses and visions of community in their heads.
Participants leave with practical strategies and practices that can be applied to living more fully.
Participants leave with renewed motivation and lots of ideas for refining customer service skills.
Participants lie down on a soft mat with the head on a comfortable cushion.
Participants list A list of chat participants, Double-click on a name for the user's r sum .
Participants list and photo.
Participants list the main obstacles to goal achievement.
Participants listen as a short passage from the Bible is ready slowly out loud.
Participants listen at a local site.
Participants listen attentively to each other.
Participants listen attentively to one another's thoughts, experiences, doubts, and beliefs.
Participants listen carefully to each case, ask discerning questions, and suggest new ideas.
Participants listen carefully to what the actors are saying.
Participants listen intently to the rules of the tournament.
Participants listen to a panel discussion at the summit.
Participants listen to a story which involves characters with strongly held values and attitudes.
Participants listen to panel speaker.
Participants listen to the program and use microphones for discussion and questions.
Participants listen to the tourney rules.
Participants listen to understand and gain insight into the beliefs and concerns of the others.
Participants lists which jurisdictions participated in which cooperative purchase.
Participants live a liocal family and experience a world tourists never see.
Participants live abroad with a host family.
Participants live and study in their teacher's home.
Participants live and study together in singing, prayer, worship and discussion.
Participants live and take classes and meals in a historic renaissance villa.
Participants live and work together, listening to talks given by laypersons and priests.
Participants live and work together.
Participants live and work with a host family or business.
Participants live and work with people in another part of the world.
Participants live at the research station and with Costa Rican families.
Participants live at the residency site unless their homes are close by and they prefer to commute.
Participants live cooperatively with other students in ethnically diverse Chicago neighborhoods.
Participants live in a former convent.
Participants live in a residence hall on Chicago's near north side.
Participants live in a supportive Christian community, located in the Hollywood area.
Participants live in Alexandria, Virginia, and work in the nation's capital for one semester.
Participants live in areas.
Participants live in college dormitories with Chinese roommates.
Participants live in dormitories during orientation and with local families while in India.
Participants live in dormitories.
Participants live in German student quarters or with families.
Participants live in Moscow State dormitories and study Russian language, literature, and culture.
Participants live in nine three-bedroom cabins, housing eight people each using lower bunks only.
Participants live in nine, three-bedroom cabins which house up to eight people.
Participants live in our dorm and all meals are included.
Participants live in regions.
Participants live in residence halls with European students.
Participants live in rural communities and work under the direction of local leaders.
Participants live in rural villages and work on community projects.
Participants live in rustic cabins with staff.
Participants live in shared apartments near the city center and take all coursework in English.
Participants live in subsidized housing units spread throughout the County.
Participants live in tent camps near the work site, far from the interference of area visitors.
Participants live in the dorms and are clustered in classes.
Participants live in the international dorm on campus.
Participants live in the university dormitories with Czech students.
Participants live in university and private dormitories.
Participants live in university dormitories and carry regular year-long courses at the university.
Participants live in university dormitories with a Tanzanian roommate.
Participants live in university dormitories with Senegalese roommates.
Participants live in university housing, dine on campus and participate in a variety of activities.
Participants live in university residence halls with Moroccan students.
Participants live on campus and are fully integrated with the Moroccan students.
Participants live on campus during the program.
Participants live on campus in private rooms specifically designed for executive education.
Participants live on campus in rustic cabins.
Participants live on campus in suites of private rooms arranged around a common area.
Participants live on campus, and have use of college facilities throughout the week.
Participants live or garden in Boston and surrounding communities.
Participants live simply and commit to a year that focuses on reflection, service and relationships.
Participants live together in a modern Austrian dormitory in spacious triples with private shower.
Participants live together with three to six other volunteers in an intentional community.
Participants live together, along with members of similar programs.
Participants live with a German family and attend classes at a local Gymnasium.
Participants live with a host family and can receive language training.
Participants live with a host family and work on environment, health, or education projects.
Participants live with a local family and experience a world tourists never see.
Participants live with American host families.
Participants live with carefully chosen families.
Participants live with Chinese roommates in student dormitories.
Participants live with families in a small village while they complete a much needed project.
Participants live with families in congregations and work directly with a pastor.
Participants live with French host families during their stay in Strasbourg.
Participants live with Italian families.
Participants live with local American families who provide an intimate look at American culture.
Participants live with local families while completing volunteer duties in the host community.
Participants live with local families, and teach English for one year.
Participants live with Mexican families in Puebla.
Participants live with one host family and do some group touring.
Participants live with Spanish families.
Participants live, work and study Hebrew on kibbutz.
Participants living in other areas can have tests forwarded by their family physician.
Participants living on campus can have access to university recreational facilities for a fee.
Participants locate their own housing that meets program criteria.
Participants locate their own jobs, primarily in the service industry.
Participants locate their own jobs.
Participants lodging at the Red Roof are responsible for providing their own transportation.
Participants log in and type questions and responses.
Participants log in periodically to read new messages.
Participants log into the room, and then can type messages which are displayed instantly.
Participants log on by typing in the school or class name.
Participants log on to a predetermined location in order to have their meeting.
Participants log on using a username and password.
Participants log their activities for submission to receive the award.
Participants look at actual questions and scored candidate responses.
Participants look at race and ethnic issues with people from the community.
Participants look at recommendations for brain compatible classrooms and schools.
Participants look at their companies as financial models with decisions based on value contribution.
Participants look both hopeful and skeptical.
Participants look for mathematics programs related to their preliminary math project.
Participants look for meaning in their lives.
Participants look for signs of wildlife activity throughout the garden.
Participants look old-timely to the uninitiated.
Participants lose weight.
Participants love the closeness of the staging area to the lake and the parking areas.
Participants love the format and positive responses continue to pour in.
Participants love to hear from the discussion group manager that their contributions are valued.
Participants mail donations directly to their charity.
Participants maintain a job and pay what rent they can.
Participants maintain all the benefits of membership at the reduced payment levels.
Participants maintain records for tracking progress toward reaching their goals.
Participants make a commitment to get together on a regular basis for a minimum of one year.
Participants make a contribution to the fund and receive a variable rate income from it in return.
Participants make a financial commitment as well as a tremendous commitment of time.
Participants make a framed reverse-glass painting to take home.
Participants make a three-year commitment.
Participants make agent programs.
Participants make an aromatherapy oil to take home.
Participants make an informed choice of the type of program in which they wish to enroll.
Participants make an inventory and record the serial numbers of their valuable property.
Participants make and follow through on commitments.
Participants make and react to presentations.
Participants make and take home an Earth-friendly craft.
Participants make and test toys using simple, readily available materials.
Participants make arrangements for their own lodging.
Participants make at least a year's commitment to the group.
Participants make communities.
Participants make crafts, swim and put on plays.
Participants make decisions about the type of information to put online.
Participants make elective pre-tax salary deferrals, with established maximum limits annually.
Participants make four projects to fit all ages.
Participants make money for their project and help encourage recycling.
Participants make music by stomping their feet and clapping their hands in unison.
Participants make new friends here, and still remain a part of their communities.
Participants make observations, obtain data and analyze it, using basic statistics.
Participants make only one play.
Participants make or break the decision process.
Participants make own lodging arrangements.
Participants make requests of each other, too.
Participants make their decisions to donate in a public meeting or event. .
Participants make their own arrangement for accommodation.
Participants make their own arrangements for meals.
Participants make their own arrangements.
Participants make their own decisions and commitments.
Participants make their own hotel reservations if needed.
Participants make their own images for individual and mutual reflection.
Participants make their own knives, build shelter and scrounge for fresh water and food.
Participants make their own lunch of sandwiches and snacks to carry into the field each day.
Participants make their own overnight accommodations.
Participants make their own personal arrangements.
Participants make their own reservations and tip the driver.
Participants make their own schedule of seminars.
Participants make their own travel arrangements to and from the program.
Participants make thirty to forty-minute presentations followed by thirty minutes of discussion.
Participants make videos of themselves interacting with someone else.
Participants manage their meals individually.
Participants manage their own care and hire, train, and supervise their attendants.
Participants mark any matching pictures with something like a dried bean.
Participants mark the precise location of each of the controls they find along the route.
Participants mark their map where they find each control.
Participants mark their maps and choose their routes from control to control.
Participants mask and gown for a workshop on medicine.
Participants master the technique quickly and the technology becomes almost invisible.
Participants meet an animator and learn about pencil tests and storyboards.
Participants meet and greet club officers and advisers.
Participants meet and greet each other blessings for a good week, a week of peace.
Participants meet and improve listening and speaking skills through conversation.
Participants meet and interview election workers and sometimes even candidates.
Participants meet at the aquatic center to learn the basics.
Participants meet at the aquatic center.
Participants meet at the entrance to the museum.
Participants meet at the Grass River dock.
Participants meet at the host home for a social hour before going to the restaurant.
Participants meet at the lake twice a month.
Participants meet at the red caboose for the two-hour walk.
Participants meet at the red caboose.
Participants meet at the school and carpool to the testing sites along the Little Vermilion River .
Participants meet at their convenience in terms of time and location.
Participants meet company executives, embassy officials, and media representives.
Participants meet daily with a spiritual director.
Participants meet each other and explore their personal learning agendas.
Participants meet each week for eleven weeks.
Participants meet each week for nine weeks.
Participants meet every two weeks for an awareness program or to hear guest speakers.
Participants meet exciting and informative people from private collectors to wine producers.
Participants meet for an orientation meeting on the first day in Sioux Falls.
Participants meet for intensive classwork five days a week in small groups.
Participants meet for one hour each week at a place and time they decide.
Participants meet for several weeks and follow up with counselors later.
Participants meet for three hours three times a week to learn about various tech fields.
Participants meet for two days.
Participants meet for two hours on a weekday evening during the course of the institute.
Participants meet for two weekend sessions and complete online courseware.
Participants meet four hours a day, four days each week.
Participants meet in a classroom environment four days a week for up to three weeks.
Participants meet in a large group and introduce themselves and their positions on the issue.
Participants meet in a workshop to discuss their ideas, offer advice to each other.
Participants meet in day-long seminars one weekday per month and participate in a class project.
Participants meet in groups of three.
Participants meet in seminar groups one night a week during the academic year.
Participants meet in small support groups which focus on information and self-empowerment.
Participants meet in the main locker area prior to the start time.
Participants meet in the Rendezvous, swill down some free coffee and break up into small groups.
Participants meet in the summer for one week of initial training.
Participants meet in-person, as a group, five times during the program in various U.S. locations.
Participants meet monthly in each other's homes for food and fellowship.
Participants meet monthly in roundtable meetings led by a professional facilitator.
Participants meet on a regular basis.
Participants meet on a weekly basis to discuss a variety of educational topics.
Participants meet on an equal basis without authorized instructors.
Participants meet on campus for the classroom portion of the program.
Participants meet once a month and interact with each other on-line between meetings.
Participants meet once a month.
Participants meet once a week for six weeks.
Participants meet once a week in an informal dinner setting with community leaders.
Participants meet once after harvest to review field records and adjust plans for the next season.
Participants meet one hour a week.
Participants meet prepared to clarify and evaluate the readings in their own non-expert terms.
Participants meet regularly with staff, individually or in small groups, for support and feedback.
Participants meet scientists, artists, and educators who share their fascination with the world.
Participants meet several times annually to obtain the consensus reference annotations.
Participants meet staff, etc.
Participants meet three days a week for morning and afternoon sessions.
Participants meet three days a week for morning and afternoon.
Participants meet three times a week in the evening for lectures.
Participants meet throughout the year for lectures and workshops.
Participants meet twice a week for two or three hours at a time.
Participants meet twice each year.
Participants meet twice weekly with graduate assistants to work collaboratively on course problems.
Participants meet twice weekly.
Participants meet weekly and learn skills to improve family life.
Participants meet weekly for a one hour class.
Participants meet weekly for four hours of group learning and personal supervision.
Participants meet weekly for informal sessions during a six week period.
Participants meet weekly for one hour for approximately six weeks.
Participants meet weekly throughout the year.
Participants meet weekly to discuss diversity issues, usually centered around a theme.
Participants meet weekly with personal mentors specializing in specific competency areas.
Participants meet with agribusiness executives in weekly visits to leading agribusiness.
Participants meet with each other on a regular basis throughout the academic year.
Participants meet with faculty members every week to review their work.
Participants meet with refugees, work with parish organizations and discuss policy issues.
Participants meet with the academic advisor for directed research and mentorship.
Participants meet with youth in their age brackets in small and large discussion groups.
Participants meet writers and other people involved in publishing.
Participants meet, caucus, prepare policy papers, debate issues, draft and vote on resolutions.
Participants merely have to fill in a small card with name, address, phone number, and email.
Participants mingle during a break in the meeting.
Participants mingle freely at meals.
Participants miss only five days of work.
Participants model complex decisions on the computer via spread sheet, or planning tool.
Participants move around, over, and across the benches throughout the class.
Participants move beyond the complexity of details to system principles and shared models and goals.
Participants move freely from one area to another, encountering different people at each location.
Participants move in and out of the networks constantly.
Participants move through multimedia tutorials, exercises, and tests at their own pace.
Participants move up the diagram as they recruit new participants.
Participants nationwide receive pledges for each species they sight in a single day.
Participants navigate from checkpoint to checkpoint, with the aid of map and compass.
Participants navigate the desktop and access and use online help.
Participants navigate through the exhibit and make choices about what happens next.
Participants needs determine the number of sessions per week.
Participants negotiate the hypothetical they prepared earlier in the day.
Participants normally live three hours from campus.
Participants normally receive confirmation for an event ten days prior to the workshop.
Participants normally take part in at least two missions during the program.
Participants note any problems, sign and return.
Participants note benefits over other types of communication.
Participants now await the results.
Participants now can choose to attend for one, two or three days.
Participants now go to their primary-care physicians instead of the emergency room.
Participants now have their own e-mail, and Internet integration into the classroom is successful.
Participants now range in age from young adults to elders.
Participants now throw shredded computer paper, confetti and toilet paper rolls.
Participants observe a divemaster cutting tuna as the reef sharks torpedo through for the food.
Participants observe a major species and learn how to ethically observe and find wildlife.
Participants observe a special code of conduct.
Participants observe and critique their own and others' performances.
Participants observe and record results.
Participants observe exhibits and objects, try hands-on activities and interact with their guide.
Participants observe temple festivals and other local ceremonies.
Participants observe the presenter working with students and parents.
Participants observe the transformation of a mediocre bomber squadron into an unbeatable team.
Participants obtain a foundation in both hazardous materials and waste management.
Participants obtain loans through the agency's revolving loan fund.
Participants obtain philosophical and pedagogical qualifications.
Participants obtain sponsors to pledge a per lap or fixed amount.
Participants occasionally pay their own fees.
Participants offer feedback to each other throughout the eight-week session.
Participants only can access the detailed report online.
Participants only get wet with the dolphins.
Participants only pay for their personal expenses and half of their airfare.
Participants openly worship the owl and screamed for the burning death of the human effigy.
Participants operate equipment with minimal instruction.
Participants organize themselves into teams and everyone is given a chance to play.
Participants organize themselves into teams and plan a suitable strategy for accomplishing the task.
Participants ought to practice flotation techniques in a safe, controlled rapid.
Participants outline the next series of actions to be taken.
Participants own the discussion.
Participants own the project.
Participants own their own plans and set goals with timelines.
Participants own work-problems are discussed.
Participants pack a lunch on the first day, to eat on the way to Fort Rock.
Participants paint prepared stencils and objects to create their own design on a tee-shirt.
Participants pair up to practice the sequence.
Participants parachute from the top of fixed objects, such as bridges or buildings.
Participants partake in creating a colorful tissue paper flower to commemorate the evening.
Participants participate in teams.
Participants pass around messy and non-messy items to explore closely.
Participants pass by reservoirs, wineries, and rural ranch-style properties.
Participants pass on their knowledge and wisdom.
Participants pass the orange from one person to the next using only their necks to hold the fruit.
Participants pass through a sequence of experiences.
Participants pay a daily rate which includes all services and transportation.
Participants pay a discounted network price which varies depending on the medication prescribed.
Participants pay a fee as part of their court costs.
Participants pay a fee for each program that covers all expenses.
Participants pay a fee that covers basis expenses.
Participants pay a fee to participate in the program, but do receive a stipend.
Participants pay a fee which covers all costs.
Participants pay a fixed reduced rate for services with no deductible.
Participants pay a flat fee per gown upon entry.
Participants pay a minimal monthly program fee.
Participants pay a modest fee for each class that they wish to take.
Participants pay a modest registration fee.
Participants pay a modest tuition fee and some scholarships are available.
Participants pay a modest tuition fee, and some scholarships are available.
Participants pay a one time enrollment fee.
Participants pay a portion of rent, and pay security deposits and utilities.
Participants pay a program fee to participate.
Participants pay a service charge which is a fraction of the original acquisition cost.
Participants pay a significant part of the program costs.
Participants pay a small camping fee and contribute to a communal food kitty.
Participants pay a small fee for their meals based on their income.
Participants pay air fare and fees to cover camping expenses and meals.
Participants pay all fees, round-trip transportation, and living expenses.
Participants pay all travel and living expenses.
Participants pay an annual fee based on the type of service.
Participants pay an annual fee for the service.
Participants pay an entry fee, and large sums are frequently involved in wagering.
Participants pay an operating expense fee.
Participants pay annual dues.
Participants pay any balance out of pocket.
Participants pay at the door and are welcome to come along any time.
Participants pay at the door, but reservations are required.
Participants pay at the end of each session.
Participants pay attention.
Participants pay entrance fees, which are pooled for cash prizes.
Participants pay fees for each program that cover all expenses.
Participants pay fees if able.
Participants pay for activities using their credit card.
Participants pay for air fare and all in-country costs.
Participants pay for soil and wire.
Participants pay for the costs.
Participants pay for the program themselves.
Participants pay for their lodging directly to the supplier.
Participants pay for their meals and lodging.
Participants pay for their own lunch.
Participants pay for their own meals and breaks.
Participants pay for their own meals.
Participants pay for their own transportation and lodging.
Participants pay for their own transportation to Geneva and back as well as for accommodation.
Participants pay for their own travel and incidental expenses.
Participants pay for their own tuition, meals, transportation and social activities.
Participants pay for their travel and incidental expenses.
Participants pay for themselves on departure.
Participants pay for treatment.
Participants pay full course and special fees, if any.
Participants pay half the cost of the technology they employ.
Participants pay home tuition fees.
Participants pay ISEP application, placement, and health insurance fees.
Participants pay lower copayments and deductibles by using the in network providers.
Participants pay modest administration fees.
Participants pay no fee and receive transportation costs and room and board.
Participants pay no fee but are responsible for their own travel expense to the retreat site.
Participants pay normal tuition fees and housing costs are comparable to on-campus costs.
Participants pay nothing.
Participants pay on a sliding scale, so everyone can join the camp.
Participants pay one-way airfare to Japan.
Participants pay only a nominal book fee, otherwise the program is free.
Participants pay only the regular registration fee for each seminar.
Participants pay own meal costs.
Participants pay reduced fees thanks to state underwriting.
Participants pay round-trip transportation and personal expenses.
Participants pay the full cost of the plan on a pre-tax basis.
Participants pay the same tuition as other students.
Participants pay their own local long distance charges.
Participants pay their own passport and visa costs as required for each destination.
Participants pay their own transportation costs to and from the program site.
Participants pay their own way.
Participants pay their share of premium costs for benefit choices through salary deductions.
Participants pay to take part in a run.
Participants paying the daily admission fee can make a reservation only on the day of play.
Participants paying tuition receive classroom materials free.
Participants pedal through unforgettable rolling trails.
Participants perform a number of activities in the laboratory portion of the workshop.
Participants perform a standing test both prior to and following a maximal bicycle test.
Participants perform detailed component, PC board and system level analyses.
Participants perform for criticism before a panel of renowned jazz clinicians.
Participants perform in large group formats, select small groups and solo performances.
Participants perform in masterclasses, mixed ensembles, and workshop concerts.
Participants perform or show off their work at community and citywide events.
Participants perform the many roles found in any courtroom.
Participants perform upper and lower body exercises under the direction of therapists.
Participants perform upper and lower body exercises, including abdominal work.
Participants perform volunteer work at community centers in exchange for the laser-removal service.
Participants periodically evaluate the meeting.
Participants persuade politicians by consensus to argue that certain conditions become agendas.
Participants photograph live nude models.
Participants pick one of the slips of paper.
Participants pick up playing cards at five locations to make up the best poker hand.
Participants pick up the contest forms on the morning of the conference.
Participants place tokens obtained in their own envelopes.
Participants plan to implement the proposed strategies in their communities.
Participants plan together sharing perspectives and ideas.
Participants plan, implement, and evaluate a project under the supervision of a trained facilitator.
Participants plan, organize, staff, manage, and produce each of the phases of key work products.
Participants plan, organize, write and edit correspondence.
Participants plan, recruit, organize, and lead a small group evangelical Bible study.
Participants play a role in the unfolding of events.
Participants play a round and the winners move to the next table to play another round.
Participants play a simple card game in small groups and experience simulated culture-shock.
Participants play against each other.
Participants play an important role in a successful meeting.
Participants play basketball, volleyball and floor hockey and have sessions on aerobic fitness.
Participants play ethnic games, and receive assistance with reading and English skills.
Participants play games to simulate animal senses and explore different animal homes.
Participants play hard, play fair, stay safe, and have fun.
Participants play in regional tournaments and the Special Olympics.
Participants play new games, make pizza and meet new friends with others who truly understand.
Participants play on a lively course for prizes which are presented at an awards dinner.
Participants play on all men's or all women's teams.
Participants play on seven courses in a three county area.
Participants play one match a week.
Participants play retailer, wholesaler and brewer.
Participants play the role of students and perform the electronic tasks online.
Participants play the roles of instructor and learner in turn.
Participants pledge to abstain from using alcohol, tobacco products and other controlled substances.
Participants plot the destruction of millions with a casual air, which only adds to the terror.
Participants point the telescope and determine exposure times for the camera.
Participants pool their knowledge.
Participants pose for a commemorative photo at the summit of Mount Fuji.
Participants post and reply to messages that are made available to all.
Participants post and respond online using special software.
Participants post messages in the forum at their convenience, any time, any place.
Participants post messages to one another with both.
Participants post notions for discussion.
Participants post questions and responses on a variety of bird-related topics.
Participants post questions or comments which are then immediately forwarded to all the others.
Participants post to a mailing list, and their email is sent to all members of the mailing list.
Participants post, review, and comment on each other's work via a Web interface.
Participants practice and receive feedback about their teaching behavior.
Participants practice applying coaching principles to employees and issues at their own worksite.
Participants practice as both coach and student for each skill, maximizing integration.
Participants practice both paper and electronic writing extensively.
Participants practice by applying their training on a controlled fire.
Participants practice by writing spiritual mind treatments.
Participants practice designing interventions.
Participants practice diagnosing and treating airway obstruction, bleeding and shock.
Participants practice each day, alternating between the gym and the track, depending on the weather.
Participants practice effective fire evacuation techniques in a realistic setting.
Participants practice how to handle customer complaints.
Participants practice interacting with different types of people using safe content.
Participants practice more effective approaches and learn how to achieve more win-win outcomes .
Participants practice oral history interviewing and transcription.
Participants practice twice a week during the school year and more often during the summer.
Participants practice twice a week for about a month prior to competition.
Participants practice until the correct movement patterns are integrated.
Participants practice using new tools and techniques to write a variety of e-mail messages.
Participants practice using projections as a management tool for planning and change.
Participants pray for plentiful offspring and, of course, bountiful rice harvests.
Participants pray together both as a large group and often in small groups of four to five.
Participants pray together both as a large group and often in small groups of three or four.
Participants prefer that other reforms are attempted first.
Participants preferring to stay at a local hotel are responsible for making their own reservations.
Participants prepare a high threat trial plan.
Participants prepare a seven-minute presentation in groups of two and three.
Participants prepare a written evaluation of the Orientation Session.
Participants prepare a written report and make a final presentation of their project.
Participants prepare an abstract and presentation at the end of the program.
Participants prepare and bring their dishes to the host s home at the given time.
Participants prepare and eat a soldiers' meal of stew, bread and butter.
Participants prepare and implement a local currency changeover.
Participants prepare and present professional-style reports on international mineral development.
Participants prepare and rehearse throughout the year in preparation for the annual competitions.
Participants prepare and teach lessons covering the various aspects.
Participants prepare arguments on contemporary issues for critical, well-informed audiences.
Participants prepare as lawyers on cases based on actual litigations.
Participants prepare for the workshops by completing practice-oriented writing assignments.
Participants prepare model marketing plans.
Participants prepare sample responses to typical interview questions.
Participants prepare speeches, letters, and memoranda.
Participants prepare the dishes and enjoy the products of their work with the appropriate wines.
Participants prepare written summaries of cases reflecting the group discussions.
Participants present a summary of learning experience.
Participants present a written report at the end of their summer research activity.
Participants present and defend their solutions in class.
Participants present both personal and professional perspectives.
Participants present five-minute papers in order to generate discussion.
Participants present food items and build an actual sandwich as the biblical passages are read.
Participants present formal concerts under the direction of nationally recognized conductors.
Participants present live and Videotaped patiew interviews.
Participants present their comments and assessments to the entire group.
Participants present their conclusions and papers are collected after class.
Participants present their papers in a public forum.
Participants present their projects at the end of the module.
Participants present their proposals during the weekly meetings.
Participants present their work with or without self-accompaniment or in collaboration with others.
Participants present tutoring experiences for group analysis and problem solving.
Participants pretend they are on a bus acting any role they choose.
Participants prioritize their responsibilities.
Participants proactice by applying their training on a controlled fire.
Participants probably have their own email addresses.
Participants proceed through the twelve-month program in a cohort group.
Participants process into the host s grounds, enacting formalized greetings through music and dance.
Participants produce bundles of firewood sticks which are sold locally.
Participants produce copy for a brochure or other print media to implement the theme.
Participants produce work-related documents, from the planning stage through final editing.
Participants progress at their own pace supported by qualified facilitators.
Participants progress at their own pace through a closely monitored exercise program.
Participants progress at their own rate.
Participants progress at their own speed, and the emphasis is just as much on fun as on learning.
Participants progress through the program together as a group.
Participants promote conversion to energy-efficient technology as a way to reduce electrical usage.
Participants propel themselves across the ice by means of a special hockey stick.
Participants propose a school transformation strategy aimed at improving student learning.
Participants protect and defend the event's distinctive look.
Participants protect wealth.
Participants provide airfare to Alaska and lodging in Anchorage.
Participants provide appropriate thought and insight, and relevant experiences.
Participants provide consent.
Participants provide equity in the company as partial payment.
Participants provide honest and consistent messages.
Participants provide immediate feedback that is used to improve future training programs.
Participants provide input from the perspective of their particular sector or area of expertise.
Participants provide instruction during the program, which is then critiqued by instructors.
Participants provide much of the content themselves by drawing from their own experiences of change.
Participants provide own fieldtrip transportation and sack lunch.
Participants provide own fieldtrip transportation.
Participants provide own transportation to fieldtrip site.
Participants provide own transportation, bikes, and associated gear and equipment.
Participants provide own transportation.
Participants provide personal backpacking gear and clothing.
Participants provide personal camping gear, and transportation to Mono Lake.
Participants provide personal gear as needed.
Participants provide samples.
Participants provide the music for all sessions.
Participants provide their own bicycles and helmets.
Participants provide their own camping equipment and eating utensils.
Participants provide their own camping gear and picnic meals.
Participants provide their own equipment.
Participants provide their own food, camping equipment, and transportation to field trip site.
Participants provide their own food, transportation and lodging.
Participants provide their own in-line skates, helmets, knee and elbow pads, gloves, and sticks.
Participants provide their own lunch.
Participants provide their own mask, fins and snorkel.
Participants provide their own material.
Participants provide their own materials.
Participants provide their own meals.
Participants provide their own personal camping gear, two lunches and transportation.
Participants provide their own racket, goggles and singles balls.
Participants provide their own scores to selected literature.
Participants provide their own sleeping bag.
Participants provide their own soap and toiletries.
Participants provide their own transportation and lunch.
Participants provide their own transportation and other per-diem expenses.
Participants provide their own transportation to assigned restaurants and to tea.
Participants provide their own transportation to the worksite.
Participants provide their own transportation, but car pooling is available from campus.
Participants provide their own transportation.
Participants provide their own travel to and from the institute.
Participants provide their own vehicle, meals, personal clothing and equipment.
Participants provide their own vehicle, meals, personal clothing and other equipment.
Participants provide transportation.
Participants pull back with their arms and legs extended.
Participants purchase a pedometer.
Participants purchase the calculator individually and prior to class.
Participants purchase their bowls.
Participants purchase their own course booklets and other supplies.
Participants purchase their own supper .
Participants purchase tickets at the stadium.
Participants pursue individual writing and present it to classmates.
Participants pursue their crazed sport in every corner of the planet, including Antarctica.
Participants pursuing a Ph.D. receive two years of support.
Participants push a buzzer if they think they know the correct answer to the question.
Participants put countless hours preparing their vehicles for the show.
Participants qualify for a reduction on their auto insurance premiums.
Participants questionnaire responses.
Participants quickly come to believe that the people they are dealing with are real.
Participants quickly develop a solemn respect for rules, orders, and authority figures.
Participants quickly see how storing items in unmarked containers is a potential safety problem.
Participants quit in the third session.
Participants race against the clock to tiedown a goat in a three-leg hold.
Participants race for free and receive an official T-shirt, hat and official racing certificate.
Participants race remote-control cars around a predetermined track.
Participants race to see who can erect a tipi the fastest.
Participants rack up points if chosen companies report bad news.
Participants raise awareness for vocations through a prayer drive.
Participants raise funds and earn incentive prizes by securing sponsor pledges.
Participants raise funds by collecting pledges prior to the event.
Participants raise money as they walk to fight heart disease.
Participants raise money for the hungry and homeless by being sponsored for their work efforts.
Participants raise money through sponsorship pledges.
Participants raise money to fight heart disease and stroke, then walk in the event.
Participants raise, collect and observe live insects.
Participants rake and pick up leaves and litter from yard.
Participants range from beginners to advanced amateur photographers.
Participants range from beginners to experienced players.
Participants range from camouflaged burly men, to day traders and women clad in matching outfits.
Participants range from children to the very competitive professionals.
Participants range from college age to active retirees.
Participants range from elementary to high school seniors.
Participants range from elementary youngsters through college and even graduate-level students.
Participants range from everyday movie viewers to studio executives and film restoration experts.
Participants range from judges to teachers to psychologists to sociologists.
Participants range from kindergartners to high school students.
Participants range from local coordinators to regional leaders and popular educators.
Participants range from local to international, young and old alike.
Participants range from middle school students to school board members.
Participants range from music professionals to persons without any formal training in music.
Participants range from parents to significant others.
Participants range from professional researchers to undergraduates.
Participants range from seasoned pros to complete newbies.
Participants range from social to service organizations.
Participants range from students to people who are killing some time by scratching their names.
Participants range from very young children to middle-aged adults.
Participants range in age and their entry fees help fund environmental exhibits.
Participants range in age from infants to senior adults.
Participants range in age from junior high to college.
Participants range in age from middle school through high school.
Participants range in age from young children to senior citizens.
Participants rank the books read on a form that's entered in a weekly drawing.
Participants Ranks for the marching members range from private first class through captain.
Participants rapidly learn how to analyze and fine-tune tasks and projects.
Participants rapidly master the simple rules of the game.
Participants rate the amount of surprise represented on line-drawn faces.
Participants rave about how enriching the workshop experience is.
Participants rave about our Elderhostels.
Participants react and relate to their settings.
Participants react to the other's last move, in anticipation of their next.
Participants read a book and then take a quiz, earning points that they can turn in for prizes.
Participants read a different book for each session and take turns acting as discussion leaders.
Participants read a number of important texts about leadership, strategy, and self-discovery.
Participants read a set of instructions about the guilt or innocence of an accused criminal.
Participants read and critically analyze texts on spiritual guidance.
Participants read and discuss current novels selected by class members.
Participants read back each message and then answered a probe question about the route.
Participants read books on their reading level.
Participants read each word aloud.
Participants read or sampled a rich array of texts.
Participants read the articles, which center around the scheduled theme.
Participants read the case study, complete the worksheets, and discuss the case.
Participants read the descriptions of their aptitudes and tendencies to gain insight.
Participants read the text they have selected before they come.
Participants read, learn, and respond to the ideas posted by others.
Participants readily contribute to the brainstorming.
Participants realize that students respond favorably to equitable teaching strategies.
Participants realize that they have an effect on something else that is living.
Participants really enjoy our courses and develop real skill development.
Participants really enjoy their programs and benefit from what they learn.
Participants really find it enlightening and valuable.
Participants recall their behavior and their reactions to other people's behavior.
Participants receive a bibliography of current research and useful materials.
Participants receive a binder with detailed outlines and materials for each subject area.
Participants receive a book of photos and graphs, plus reference charts of stretches.
Participants receive a certificate at the conclusion of the workshop.
Participants receive a certificate for each phase of the workshop completed.
Participants receive a certificate level qualification.
Participants receive a certificate of attendance on completion of the course.
Participants receive a certificate of attendance upon completion of the series.
Participants receive a certificate of completion after successfully completing all exams.
Participants receive a certificate of completion and a pin upon graduation.
Participants receive a certificate of completion at the conclusion of the program.
Participants receive a certificate of completion following each module.
Participants receive a Certificate of Completion to document their efforts.
Participants receive a certificate of participation after each season.
Participants receive a certificate of studies upon completion of the program.
Participants receive a certificate upon completion of the course.
Participants receive a certificate upon completion.
Participants receive a certificate.
Participants receive a coffee break and a noon meal.
Participants receive a colorful long sleeve race shirt and refreshments following the race.
Participants receive a commemorative mug filled with hot chocolate, coffee or hot cider.
Participants receive a complementary document.
Participants receive a complete assessment and follow-up individualized education.
Participants receive a complimentary membership that is paid for by title sponsorship.
Participants receive a complimentary t-shirt.
Participants receive a comprehensive information packet.
Participants receive a comprehensive manual and certificate of attendance.
Participants receive a comprehensive workshop manual and electronic proposal development tools.
Participants receive a computer, printer, and modem on long-term loan.
Participants receive a copy of the course handout.
Participants receive a copy of the course notes.
Participants receive a copy of the curriculum and children's books for use in their program.
Participants receive a copy of the executive summary.
Participants receive a course completion certificate.
Participants receive a detailed course outline with photos of techniques covered.
Participants receive a detailed manual that explains the requirements of each law.
Participants receive a detailed study guide, audio tapes, and course reading materials.
Participants receive a discount card to use when filling prescriptions.
Participants receive a discount on their entry fees.
Participants receive a diskette with a plan template, spreadsheets and forms.
Participants receive a diskette with accounting forms and spreads sheets.
Participants receive a field trip guide for each trip in the form of an itinerary.
Participants receive a free copy of the survey.
Participants receive a free e-mail account.
Participants receive a free tee shirt, and hats.
Participants receive a free T-shirt.
Participants receive a FREE T-shirt.
Participants receive a full course notebook including case studies.
Participants receive a full diagnostic evaluation and they learn more about their health.
Participants receive a full dinner with wine following the demonstration.
Participants receive a full fellowship, including room and board.
Participants receive a full library of usability engineering books.
Participants receive a full medical workup and medicationat no cost.
Participants receive a full semester of credit.
Participants receive a full set of course materials and two textbooks.
Participants receive a generous stipend and round trip airfare to Japan.
Participants receive a gift as a token of our appreciation.
Participants receive a gift in hopes that they continue their interest and become future anglers.
Participants receive a guided tour of the facility.
Participants receive a handbook of activities and ideas.
Participants receive a handicap for each time they race.
Participants receive a handout with guidelines and sample materials.
Participants receive a handsome certificate of participation.
Participants receive a hot, well-balanced noon meal, plus snacks in the day health care center.
Participants receive a kit with numbered tags, adhesive and data sheets.
Participants receive a kit with relevant readings, handouts, and useful bibliographies.
Participants receive a living allowance, a housing allowance and medical health insurance.
Participants receive a living stipend as well as an educational award.
Participants receive a lower sentence for volunteering for the drug court.
Participants receive a manual and practice disk for each class.
Participants receive a manual in which to record their experiences.
Participants receive a manual that includes auditing procedures and forms to be completed.
Participants receive a Master s degree in Health Communication.
Participants receive a medical and psychiatric evaluation.
Participants receive a membership card and work toward the completion of specific requirements.
Participants receive a merchandise gift certificate in return for their guns.
Participants receive a message of hope and healing.
Participants receive a mini-lecture on various principles of financial planning.
Participants receive a monetary stipend.
Participants receive a money management workbook and other materials.
Participants receive a monthly food package to augment basic resources.
Participants receive a nametag, the bar is opened, and the party begins.
Participants receive a non-credit certificate of completion.
Participants receive a noon meal and two nutritious snacks.
Participants receive a notebook containing maps, brochures, and readings of interest.
Participants receive a packet containing instructional materials.
Participants receive a packet of materials including tips and safety information.
Participants receive a packet of materials once a week.
Participants receive a packet of organizers and lesson ideas.
Participants receive a packet with plans, activities, and numerous resources.
Participants receive a photograph.
Participants receive a placard for their workplace to signal visible support for safe environments.
Participants receive a plaque that identifies their yard as a backyard wildlife sanctuary.
Participants receive a preliminary phone screen to determine initial eligibility for a study.
Participants receive a printed program and certificate of participation and a cast party.
Participants receive a quarter percent interest rate reduction on eligible loan types.
Participants receive a quarterly newsletter with money saving tips and ideas on reducing debt.
Participants receive a quarterly newsletter.
Participants receive a reasonable wage for their work.
Participants receive a refund for that portion of the tour.
Participants receive a registration discount when they enroll in both courses.
Participants receive a rider's log, jersey, T-shirt and awards dinner.
Participants receive a salary, plus annual and sick leave and insurance benefits.
Participants receive a scholarship to cover tuition, fees, room and board.
Participants receive a scientific calculator as part of the tuition.
Participants receive a seminar in weight training and have access to the weight room all summer.
Participants receive a series of useful factsheets to take away at the end of the course.
Participants receive a set of seven self-directed modules.
Participants receive a set of six self-directed modules.
Participants receive a set salary and the same benefits as permanent state employees.
Participants receive a shirt and free tree seedling.
Participants receive a short multimedia survey about once a week.
Participants receive a skin-fold test using calipers.
Participants receive a small compensation.
Participants receive a small reimbursement for successful completion of the study.
Participants receive a solid grounding in the skills essential for self-employment.
Participants receive a special decal to be posted in their business.
Participants receive a special senior menu and an envelope to leave their anonymous donation.
Participants receive a stipend and a travel allowance.
Participants receive a stipend and full coverage for the cost of room, board, and travel.
Participants receive a stipend and housing.
Participants receive a stipend and lane credit.
Participants receive a stipend and room and board in campus dormitories as part of the experience.
Participants receive a stipend and some travel expenses.
Participants receive a stipend covering travel and accommodation expenses.
Participants receive a stipend for each day of full participation on campus.
Participants receive a stipend for full participation in the ten-day symposium.
Participants receive a stipend plus books, lodging and other expenses.
Participants receive a stipend plus compensation for travel and housing.
Participants receive a stipend to cover a major part of their expenses.
Participants receive a stipend to partially offset lost summer job earning potential.
Participants receive a stipend, a room in a college house and a modest food allowance.
Participants receive a stipend, along with room and board at a local university and travel expenses.
Participants receive a stipend, parking and professional development points.
Participants receive a stipend, room and board, and five units of independent study credit.
Participants receive a stipend, room and board, and travel expenses.
Participants receive a stipend, university housing is provided.
Participants receive a stipend.
Participants receive a study guide that includes questions and focus points for personal reflection.
Participants receive a tailor-made training schedule to run or walk a marathon.
Participants receive a tape to reinforce home practice.
Participants receive a training allowance from which accommodation and meals are deducted.
Participants receive a treatment education manual.
Participants receive a t-shirt and medals at the end of the season.
Participants receive a T-shirt and refreshments at the conclusion of the races.
Participants receive a T-shirt, free admission passes to the races, and other prizes.
Participants receive a t-shirt.
Participants receive a T-shirt.
Participants receive a useful study guide.
Participants receive a variety of educational, research, mentoring, and networking opportunities.
Participants receive a video of all their in-class presentations.
Participants receive a videotape, personal coaching and feedback.
Participants receive a workbook and certificate upon completion.
Participants receive a workbook and reference manual.
Participants receive a written confirmation, a direction map and one or more reminder calls.
Participants receive a written description of the situation, setting, and characters involved.
Participants receive academic credit.
Participants receive academic training, a ministry practicum, and individual spiritual direction.
Participants receive academic, personal, financial, and social support.
Participants receive accommodation, a private or semi-private work studio and all meals at no cost.
Participants receive accommodation, a private or semiprivate work studio and all meals at no cost.
Participants receive activity guides full of ideas for experiential learning.
Participants receive age-appropriate alcohol and drug information and learn where to go for help.
Participants receive all of the materials necessary to file for their retirement.
Participants receive all program materials when they pick up their registration envelope.
Participants receive all such reports and can request details of preliminary findings.
Participants receive ample feedback on written work.
Participants receive ample supplemental materials on a regular basis.
Participants receive an activity kit and more.
Participants receive an annual account credit based on age, years of service and annual pay.
Participants receive an easy to read skill instruction manual.
Participants receive an enrollment card when they enroll.
Participants receive an exclusive, comprehensive report of the results.
Participants receive an extensive manual of program materials.
Participants receive an extensive set of handouts that also serve as a post-session reference guide.
Participants receive an honorarium for their services.
Participants receive an honorarium to acknowledge the benefits of their participation.
Participants receive an hourly salary for the summer.
Participants receive an intense seminar experience with other facilitators.
Participants receive an orientation and divide into groups of ten or less with an adult chaperone.
Participants receive an overview of the analysis process.
Participants receive an overview of the seminar.
Participants receive appropriate certification upon successful completion of a course.
Participants receive appropriate forms and brochures for their own use.
Participants receive as e-mail questions, answers and comments submitted by other subscribers.
Participants receive at least a minimum wage for every hour of work.
Participants receive awards and recognition following the conference.
Participants receive awards for reading or listening.
Participants receive awards that help finance college or pay back student loans.
Participants receive bonus interest on their deposits.
Participants receive both classroom and practical hands-on sessions.
Participants receive both hands-on and didactic training in all phases of vascular testing.
Participants receive breakfast and lunch each day.
Participants receive breakfast, lunch and at least one snack.
Participants receive breakfast, lunch, and two snacks every day.
Participants receive breakfast, lunch, dinner and an evening snack.
Participants receive cards at the moment of start.
Participants receive certificates and medals of recognition for reaching their goals.
Participants receive certificates of completion following each session.
Participants receive certificates upon completion of a program.
Participants receive classroom and clinical training prior to placement with consumers.
Participants receive close medical monitoring by a registered nurse and other professionals.
Participants receive college credit upon successful completion of training.
Participants receive colored ribbons according to their scores.
Participants receive communion often.
Participants receive compenstaion.
Participants receive complete lecture notes, a book of selected reprints, and design examples.
Participants receive complete lecture notes, selected reprints, and design examples.
Participants receive complimentary cosmetics and skin care products.
Participants receive complimentary valuation software developed by the instructor.
Participants receive comprehensive services which include tutoring, counseling and instruction.
Participants receive concrete procedures and assessment rubrics.
Participants receive confirmation of their work group assignments prior to the symposium.
Participants receive confirmation upon registration.
Participants receive confirmation when the base station receives their response.
Participants receive copies of a Web page containing essential information.
Participants receive copies of screening tools and information on best practices.
Participants receive copies of the conference proceedings.
Participants receive copies of the results.
Participants receive copies of their daily score cards by mail after the exam.
Participants receive course material and a certificate of completion.
Participants receive course materials, a text book, and additional handouts.
Participants receive course workbook and supplemental materials.
Participants receive credit and a stipend.
Participants receive credit for college work while completing their high school education.
Participants receive credit upon successful completion of their thesis.
Participants receive curriculum and activity books.
Participants receive demonstration and hands-on practice with all equipment crew positions.
Participants receive descriptive material of techniques.
Participants receive detailed handouts of a plagiarism roleplay and other activities.
Participants receive documentation for the tutorials, lunch and refreshments.
Participants receive educational support to assist in the recovery process.
Participants receive either tamoxifen or raloxifene.
Participants receive employment counseling, tutoring, clothing, groceries, or other assistance.
Participants receive employment training and employment certification.
Participants receive encouragement, advice and information about our university resources.
Participants receive encouragement, advice and information about the university resources.
Participants receive encouragement.
Participants receive essential information in the minimum amount of time.
Participants receive examples of projects, rubrics, student work, and other handouts.
Participants receive extensive documentation at all workshops and meetings.
Participants receive extensive notes documenting the key concepts.
Participants receive fee T-shirts.
Participants receive feedback from peers, internal and external customers and a supervisor.
Participants receive field-tested lessons and resources for obtaining satellite images.
Participants receive fifteen credits at the program's completion.
Participants receive financial and career-related benefits.
Participants receive financial support for their time and for travel to a major science conference.
Participants receive five days of expert cruising instruction.
Participants receive food.
Participants receive four professional credits for attending.
Participants receive four professional development credits for attending each four-hour session.
Participants receive four to ten messages a week.
Participants receive free activity packets each month by mail.
Participants receive free admission to the match.
Participants receive free admission to the museums.
Participants receive free beverage mugs.
Participants receive free blood pressure and heart rate screenings as well as diet counseling.
Participants receive free children's books to take home.
Participants receive free condoms and lubricant and are trained to conduct informal outreach.
Participants receive free diagnostic evaluation and brain imaging.
Participants receive free evaluation, medication, and treatment for duration of the study.
Participants receive free evaluations, including laboratory tests, and medications.
Participants receive free helmet and windshield stickers at the close of the service.
Participants receive free housing and transportation, along with a stipend for their work.
Participants receive free housing, monthly salary, partial transportation,and health coverage.
Participants receive free packets each month by mail.
Participants receive free passports to be stamped at each college they visit.
Participants receive free physical exams, electrocardiogram, laboratory tests and study medications.
Participants receive free pizza, pop, tokens, ice cream, cookies, a T-shirt and a carousel ride.
Participants receive free promotional items and discounts.
Participants receive free show tickets.
Participants receive free software to create web pages.
Participants receive FREE study drug and related medical care.
Participants receive free study medications and monitoring.
Participants receive free study-related medical care, dietary counseling, and study drug.
Participants receive free testing and counseling every six months.
Participants receive free tickets to that night's game, and refreshments.
Participants receive free training and travel to major marathons around the world.
Participants receive frequent e-mail notices about speakers, workshops, and grant competitions.
Participants receive full color, postcard-sized reminders.
Participants receive full credit for approved off-campus courses upon successful completion.
Participants receive full program and housing costs.
Participants receive full tuition and a substantial fellowship.
Participants receive garden giveaways.
Participants receive gifts from local community merchants.
Participants receive grades and three undergraduate credits.
Participants receive graduate credit for the experience.
Participants receive graduate credits, electrophoresis equipment, stipend, and other expenses.
Participants receive grass cutting, spring and fall yard clean-up and snow removal.
Participants receive great exposure to new techniques while learning through game experience.
Participants receive group and individual feedback.
Participants receive group strength training twice a week.
Participants receive guidance in applying proficiency strategies to the curriculum.
Participants receive handouts illustrating the program.
Participants receive handouts of reading lists, treatment resources, behavior surveys.
Participants receive handouts with exercises and instructions.
Participants receive hands on training for hardware novices.
Participants receive hands-on instruction in how to create, edit, save, and print spreadsheets.
Participants receive hands-on practice in preparing their own printed math documents.
Participants receive hands-on river experience.
Participants receive hands-on training and experience and field visits are a part of the program.
Participants receive hands-on training for hardware novices.
Participants receive hands-on training in equipment and use of protective clothing.
Participants receive hands-on training.
Participants receive identical metric course maps and compasses.
Participants receive individual attention in a quiet relaxed environment.
Participants receive individual coaching and feedback in preparing and delivering sermons.
Participants receive individual instruction from a learning specialist.
Participants receive information about their fitness status and specific aerobic recommendations.
Participants receive information about U.S. bilingual education teacher preparation programs.
Participants receive information and follow-up planning assistance.
Participants receive information on cancer, cancer treatment and treatment side effect management.
Participants receive information on the triathlon of their choice upon completion of the program.
Participants receive instruction in outdoors skills needed for each adventure.
Participants receive instruction in resuscitation techniques for adults, children and infants.
Participants receive instruction in vaulting, bars, balance beam, trampoline and tumbling.
Participants receive instruction on a wide variety of law enforcement related topics.
Participants receive instruction on training strategies and on technology topics.
Participants receive intensive training in a variety of human rights issues.
Participants receive Internet software as well as one-month free Internet access .
Participants receive invitation.
Participants receive job counseling and coaching services through local providers of service.
Participants receive labels every few weeks and mail their paper off.
Participants receive lesson plans, videos, and other take-home materials.
Participants receive lists of all books discussed.
Participants receive lots of support in developing a successful academic plan.
Participants receive lots of tips and techniques, plus a wealth of information and sample code.
Participants receive lunch and a T-shirt.
Participants receive lunch, free T-shirt, pewter coin and a graduation certificate.
Participants receive manuals and customized audio cassettes.
Participants receive manuals, a CD and other resources.
Participants receive medication for one year.
Participants receive milk, juice and eggs to take home and, if needed, child care and TTC tokens.
Participants receive monetary compensation for their involvement.
Participants receive monthly E-mail notices concerning new opportunities in their field of interest.
Participants receive monthly product compensation for their efforts.
Participants receive monthly results.
Participants receive much more inclusive instruction.
Participants receive national and local recognition while saving money and reducing pollution.
Participants receive numerous free asthma-management devices.
Participants receive numerous handouts, publications and fact sheets.
Participants receive one admission pass and a day use vehicle fee pass with their entry.
Participants receive one complimentary auditor's pass with their registration.
Participants receive one course release.
Participants receive one credit, and finalists receive cash prizes and a second credit.
Participants receive one hour of credit each quarter.
Participants receive one of three books.
Participants receive one point for each radio control point punched on their score card.
Participants receive one week instruction and support in their job search techniques.
Participants receive one week off between modules.
Participants receive orientation regarding their human and worker rights.
Participants receive our personal attention.
Participants receive packages of nutritious food, and nutrition education.
Participants receive paid roundtrip travel expenses between school and the worksite.
Participants receive payment for each follow-up interview they complete.
Participants receive periodic physical exams and tests for radionuclides in their bodies.
Participants receive periodic statements which show their benefits in the form of a single sum.
Participants receive personalized attention and there are both morning and afternoon sessions.
Participants receive personalized coaching in exercise, nutrition, and stress management.
Participants receive personalized, coordinated care from a team of health professionals.
Participants receive points for correct answers.
Participants receive posters and flyers to take an active part in promoting the show.
Participants receive posts in e-mailboxes, along with their personal mail.
Participants receive practical guidelines for using pictures as prompts for cultural interpretation.
Participants receive practical homework assignments between meetings.
Participants receive practical tuition using a workbook, with help and support provided when needed.
Participants receive printed summaries of the topics covered.
Participants receive progress reports and certificates indicating their level of achievement.
Participants receive prompt home delivery of maintenance prescription medications through the mail.
Participants receive quarterly statements directly from the carrier.
Participants receive quarterly statements which provide complete information about their accounts.
Participants receive readings prior to the presentations to encourage and enable lively discussion.
Participants receive recognition in order to reinforce their contribution and skillful performance.
Participants receive refreshments.
Participants receive regular appraisals from editors and editorial managers.
Participants receive relevant literature and summaries at each session.
Participants receive reprints of such material.
Participants receive resources to build a Web site and create and sell CDs of their choice.
Participants receive results at no cost.
Participants receive return airfare and a monthly stipend.
Participants receive rich but streamlined experiences designed to win and keep their loyalty.
Participants receive room, board, travel expenses, medical care, and pay.
Participants receive room, board, workshop materials, a stipend, and a software budget.
Participants receive safe, fresh produce every week as long as the growing season lasts.
Participants receive safe, fresh produce every week.
Participants receive salary increases or bonuses after completing a certain amount of course work.
Participants receive salary support for their research endeavors over the summer and academic year.
Participants receive sample lessons and viewing strategies.
Participants receive samples, formulas and notes.
Participants receive school credit and each group meets once a week for twelve weeks.
Participants receive selected materials during each workshop to take back to their classrooms.
Participants receive six months of free product in exchange for lab results every two months.
Participants receive so much more than the opportunity to dress casually.
Participants receive some compensation.
Participants receive specialized instruction in a variety of areas.
Participants receive specific instructions and an optional workbook.
Participants receive staging of viable works.
Participants receive stipends for the eight-week appointments.
Participants receive stipends to cover the costs of travel, room and board.
Participants receive study-related medical care and study medication free of charge.
Participants receive substantial hands-on time with the horses.
Participants receive support and guidance in research and preparation for graduate education.
Participants receive support from other single adults and form lasting friendships.
Participants receive support through presentations and group discussions.
Participants receive teaching kits.
Participants receive teaching materials and instruction in activities for student participation.
Participants receive technical skills training to work in industrial machining.
Participants receive ten weeks of intensive classroom training.
Participants receive testing materials to be completed at the conclusion of the training.
Participants receive the curriculum unit, including activities, study prints, and a video.
Participants receive the dedicated attention of staff and volunteers.
Participants receive the federal minimum wage for all hours worked.
Participants receive the information through a weekly faxed bulletin.
Participants receive the objectives and detailed description of each activity.
Participants receive the paper title and download location via email about one week in advance.
Participants receive the rubric, a packet of anchor essays, and a scoring key.
Participants receive the same benefits as other students and additional support if required.
Participants receive the same treatment as other students.
Participants receive the Schoolyard Ecosystems of Florida book.
Participants receive the standard amount of credit for a senior project in their department.
Participants receive the test vaccine by injection.
Participants receive their department's approved records retention schedule and learn how to use it.
Participants receive their editorial training by working with the institute's publications staff.
Participants receive their order on their own specified delivery date.
Participants receive theme newsletters with exercise and nutrition information and team standings.
Participants receive three relief days.
Participants receive three sets of materials, each followed by exams.
Participants receive three units of credit.
Participants receive training and practice in basic administrative and clinical competencies.
Participants receive training at a union training center.
Participants receive training credit and a certificate of completion.
Participants receive training in all aspects of excavation methods and recording techniques.
Participants receive training in demand occupations through service providers.
Participants receive training in internal as well as external entrepreneurship.
Participants receive training in irrigation management and engine maintenance.
Participants receive training in lesson plan development, software programs and equipment.
Participants receive training in the proper handling and repair of audio-visual materials.
Participants receive training manuals on CD-ROM for easy reference following the class.
Participants receive training materials useful both during and after class.
Participants receive training on Internet commerce, use of email, and on-line marketing techniques.
Participants receive training while raising funds in honor of someone with arthritis.
Participants receive transportation costs, room and board, and a stipend.
Participants receive treatment for two years or longer.
Participants receive treatments.
Participants receive T-shirt, lunch and beverages, and qualify for awards and prizes.
Participants receive t-shirts, goodie bags and jingle bells for their shoelaces.
Participants receive T-shirts.
Participants receive tuition, fees, materials and books at no cost.
Participants receive tutoring and homework assistance in math and reading.
Participants receive tutoring, mentoring, and counseling throughout their college years.
Participants receive two certification cards.
Participants receive two hours of free individual feedback.
Participants receive up to ten hours of continuing legal education for one-low fee.
Participants receive use of a laptop computer on which they research and create projects.
Participants receive vocational counseling and the development of an individual plan for employment.
Participants receive wages for working, so program provides jobs and education simultaneously.
Participants receive weekly allowances while they are getting their businesses off the ground.
Participants receive workshop materials, as well as breakfast, lunch, and an afternoon snack.
Participants receive written feedback on their current leadership style and characteristics.
Participants receive written information on how to read labels and select healthy foods.
Participants receive, upon completion, a certificate of attendance.
Participants receives message in the 'Message from' window.
Participants recieve lesson plans and rocks for the classroom.
Participants recognize the importance of monitoring mechanisms.
Participants recognize the lengthy and costly education and training heart surgeons receive.
Participants reflect and extract the positives of their experience.
Participants reflect diversity in age, sex, race, and employee categories.
Participants reflect on specific opportunities for soft shoreline solutions.
Participants reflect on why they continue the vigil.
Participants reflect upon and discuss community leaders in action.
Participants reflect upon processes and experiences.
Participants reform in large group to discuss the outcome of the voting.
Participants register and collect pledges for each hour danced.
Participants register and take tests through a new entry point, register.dll .
Participants register at local sites.
Participants register at no charge and affix a high-visibility decal on their vehicle.
Participants register at the university each semester and summer session.
Participants register directly with the hotel.
Participants register for a study after consultation with the study director.
Participants register for an entire day devoted to one of the texts.
Participants register for as many days as they like.
Participants register for each half-hour time slot.
Participants register for one workshop at a time.
Participants register for two of the eight workshop sessions and also attend both keynote addresses.
Participants register for two of the nine workshop sessions and also attend both keynote addresses.
Participants register individually.
Participants register through Pa.
Participants register via their home campus.
Participants register voluntarily.
Participants registering by credit card can use the electronic registration form.
Participants registering by mail can pick up their packets the night of the run.
Participants registering for one conference can attend talks of both conferences.
Participants regularly discuss women's contemporary roles in local and international economies.
Participants regularly post accounts of their most recent triumphs or catastrophes .
Participants regularly visit Midwestern agrobusinesses connected with their specific interests.
Participants rehearse and perform brass literature representing numerous styles and periods.
Participants rejoin their classmates in the regular curriculum after their freshman year.
Participants relax and muted conversation tends to flow.
Participants relax while watching the entertainment between competitions.
Participants relinquish tenured status.
Participants rely on memory.
Participants rely on their experience and the experience of others for learning.
Participants remain anonymous with no survey responses identified by name.
Participants remain anonymous.
Participants remain classified as full-time students.
Participants remain fully clothed.
Participants remain in the program for two cycles regardless of when they begin.
Participants remain in the program through graduation.
Participants remain in the same dialogue group for all three days.
Participants remain on the trail.
Participants remain solely responsible for the content of their messages.
Participants remark about how helpful people are to one another.
Participants remark about the practical, proven ideas that often come out of a group meeting.
Participants repeat in their own words what the other person is saying.
Participants repeatedly hear lesson objectives and content to ensure comprehension.
Participants repeatedly report a high return on their time and investment.
Participants report a sense of fulfillment, rather than the agony of prolonged problem solving.
Participants report an expanded experience of responsibility and truth.
Participants report by group on the success of their project.
Participants report dramatic increases in life skills such as managing resources andproblem-solving.
Participants report fewer absences from work and fewer visits to physicians and emergency rooms.
Participants report greater retention and command of the mechanics and mentality of the software.
Participants report greater satisfaction in the performance of their roles as fathers.
Participants report greatly improved understanding of the issues involved.
Participants report increased energy, enhanced understanding and renewed commitment.
Participants report many positive and significant changes in their working lives.
Participants report on current work, challenges, and opportunities for collaboration.
Participants report results are useful and used.
Participants report symptoms.
Participants report that a peer network system is one valuable result of the institute.
Participants report that spending some time away from the nursery is helpful.
Participants report that the experience is very engaging and lots of fun.
Participants report that the seminars are a safe place to explore their perplexities.
Participants report that the surfaces of objects begin to waver or that cobwebs appear on the floor.
Participants report that the team worked very well together, having a real sense of bonding.
Participants report that they are able to use the findings to improve their relationships.
Participants report that they feel empowered by their participation.
Participants report the benefits of sharing with one another.
Participants Report the total number of participants in the presentation sessions.
Participants report to the laboratory twice a day for seven consecutive days.
Participants report to the program weekly with decrease reporting based on performance.
Participants report to work five days per week throughout the five-month program.
Participants report using skills to build relationships both at home and in the workplace.
Participants represent a broad range of computing applications and environments.
Participants represent a broad range of education, career, and lifestyle variables.
Participants represent a broad range of private and public sector organizations.
Participants represent a cross section of America.
Participants represent a cross-section of academic interests and geographic regions in California.
Participants represent a cross-section of ages, incomes, education levels and cultural backgrounds.
Participants represent a diverse cross-section of Texas women.
Participants represent a rich variety of industries and professional and cultural backgrounds.
Participants represent a variety of industries and companies from around the world.
Participants represent both service providers and their users.
Participants represent eighty-five per cent of the twenty educational service center regions.
Participants represent many industries, sizes, and geographic foci of international activity.
Participants represent other stakeholders as well.
Participants represent parishes in Diocese from across Louisiana, Mississippi, Texas and Arkansas.
Participants represent senior HR leadership positions.
Participants require a fairly standard computer, an Internet connection and a grade ten education.
Participants require access to change and shower facilities.
Participants require continued assistance as they confront new experiences in the workplace.
Participants require no download of plugin.
Participants require only access to the Internet and minimal computer skills.
Participants require only basic computer familiarity in order to participate effectively.
Participants rerate their response in the third round.
Participants research a history topic suited to the year's theme.
Participants research the wealth of literature in the new scholarship of women.
Participants reside in an apartment complex a few miles from the Home.
Participants reside in dormitories with Mexican roommates or with host families.
Participants reside in over twenty states and Canadian provinces.
Participants reside in twin bedrooms with connecting baths.
Participants respond again in light of the views of their fellow respondents.
Participants respond by typing in answers through their home computers.
Participants respond in a way that they think is socially appropriate.
Participants respond to conditions.
Participants respond to each other's essays and interact with each other electronically.
Participants respond to each subject with their substantive responses.
Participants respond to questionnaires.
Participants respond to structured questions.
Participants respond to the data by sharing their insights, ideas, and design inventions.
Participants respond to the professor s questions on a small desktop terminal or a laptop computer.
Participants respond using a public chat area and by clicking on specific response buttons.
Participants retain complete decision making power throughout the process.
Participants retain control of their finances.
Participants retain their individual anniversary rating date, and own retro programs.
Participants retrieve and examine their religious past to enrich their present involvement as UUs.
Participants return better prepared to live in an interdependent world.
Participants return home at night.
Participants return home.
Participants return questionnaire to the facilitator.
Participants return to their workplaces with new and revitalized skills, perspectives, and insights.
Participants return to view listing pages, search the database and to update their information.
Participants return with a broader view of the world and a deeper understanding of themselves.
Participants return with greater insights into global agriculture's problems and challenges.
Participants return year after year because of the challenging, hilly terrain.
Participants revel in it.
Participants review a summary of the psychological and social research on homosexuality.
Participants review acute cardiac care, pathophysiology, treatment modalities, and pharmacology.
Participants review and analyze selected graphic novels.
Participants review and create authentic tasks that support their specific instructional needs.
Participants review basic, logical and verbal skills.
Participants review material covered in first year classes using a problem-based method.
Participants review materials during the workshop.
Participants review qualities employers look for in employees and evaluate their own employability.
Participants review skills in conflict resolution.
Participants review state documents and procedures used in calculating state allocations.
Participants Review the brochure.
Participants review the course in the light of their expectations at the outset.
Participants review the current literature and share findings collaboratively.
Participants review the different forms of cooperative group configurations.
Participants review the district's mission and discuss new initiatives.
Participants review the hot discussions at meetings they've recently attended.
Participants review the project information sheet prior to voting.
Participants review their answers from a take home examination.
Participants review their answers to a take home examination.
Participants review what diversity is and how it influences relationships between co-workers.
Participants review winning proposals and discuss the components that lead to successful proposals.
Participants ride at their own pace.
Participants ride for fun, recreation, and possible competition.
Participants rigorously research and discuss current trends in technology integration in education.
Participants rinse with a neutral sodium solution once a week.
Participants room with Japanese students for maximum intercultural exposure.
Participants rotate between the two stations throughout the class period.
Participants rotate leading discussions.
Participants rotate the model and can highlight a certain area that needs further examination.
Participants rotate throughout stations with a few minutes at each to vary the routine.
Participants run a residential holiday for a group of selected disadvantaged children.
Participants run a small business in four products and five markets.
Participants run all technical aspects of the university productions and practice in a weekly lab.
Participants run sound for bands of all styles at community concerts and festivals outdoors.
Participants run track, ride bikes, hike and rollerblade their way to race readiness.
Participants sample smoked meat from the muntjac, which is also known as the Formosan barking deer.
Participants sample stimulating discussion topics as well as interesting tidbits of U.S. culture.
Participants save time in record keeping and compliance report preparation.
Participants save travel expenses and spend less time away from the workplace.
Participants save up to one year's time compared to our traditional program.
Participants say it's a great change from standard weight training.
Participants say that it's a terrific class with a wonderful instructor.
Participants say that so far, patients seem to like the idea.
Participants say that the spiral-bound books are lighter and easier to use.
Participants say the games are great for camaraderie and friendship.
Participants say the social clubs foster learning, safe travel and responsible recreation.
Participants say the sport shapes up the body and sharpens the mind.
Participants say the training is rigorous.
Participants say the trip really doesn t sink in until the flight back to Bangkok.
Participants say the two-day experience was intense at times, but potentially very useful.
Participants say they are great fun as well as a tremendous learning experience.
Participants say they feel proud now when they see the crosswalks they helped paint.
Participants say they felt they increased their knowledge and understanding of water quality.
Participants say they gain many benefits from their involvement.
Participants say they have been challenged, disturbed and liberated.
Participants say they're learning teamwork as well as the basics of construction.
Participants say what they think and carefully listen to what others say.
Participants schedule their on-line instructional activities to fit business and personal schedules.
Participants score camaraderie, teamwork and new friendships.
Participants search for internetworked learning environments that can be accessed via the Internet.
Participants secure full time jobs and increased wages at significant rates.
Participants see a resume being created before their eyes on screen.
Participants See also agenda , minutes , and recommendations .
Participants See also agenda and recommendations and minutes .
Participants see firsthand how the issue is addressed at the local level.
Participants see how birds are caught and given an opportunity to hold and release birds.
Participants see immediate, positive results.
Participants see more of the countryside since they're covering more ground.
Participants see most of the country.
Participants see police work firsthand and then share their observations with their peers.
Participants see results.
Participants see sights from smokestacks to red mold on the banks a sign of toxic waste.
Participants see the benefits of collegial planning, study, and reflection.
Participants See the complete list of workshop participants .
Participants see the legislature in action.
Participants see the movie at any time prior to showing up for the discussion.
Participants see the problems with having a library spread over so many floors.
Participants see their physician an average of twice a month and more frequently if necessary.
Participants see themselves and the group in the final products of the conference.
Participants see themselves as equals, as professionals, and as important members of a team.
Participants see training as an investment in themselves as well as the company.
Participants see, listen to, and are motivated by other management professionals.
Participants see, listen to, and are motivated by other sales professionals.
Participants seek pledges for running in marathons in exotic locales.
Participants seek the medical treatment they believe is necessary.
Participants seek to develop their gifts through a practicum in spiritual direction supervision.
Participants seek to gain confidence, competence, caring relationships and character.
Participants seem to enjoy working on the computer.
Participants seem to vie in bringing the most stunning combination of dish and food.
Participants seize a photo opportunity.
Participants select a convenient date to take the examination and are given one week to complete it.
Participants select a coordinator for the entire group.
Participants select a different discussion topic in advance for each session.
Participants select a discussion group of their choice.
Participants select a forest patch and record data on characteristics of the site.
Participants select a passage from an anthology that can serve as their literary source.
Participants select a stock portfolio and buy and sell over a ten-week period.
Participants select an appropriate resource.
Participants select any or all of the last three groups they want to be connected to.
Participants select books several months in advance.
Participants select chairs from the furniture bank s warehouse and come up with a decorating theme.
Participants select dental care from a network of dentists.
Participants select five courses.
Participants select from an array of offerings.
Participants select from eleven investment funds.
Participants select one session to attend.
Participants select one to attend all week.
Participants select own route in coordination with project manager.
Participants select pre-cut lengths of string from the group facilitator .
Participants select the most likable face from a set of three and rate their present mood.
Participants select their destination and then assist with the planning and budgeting for that trip.
Participants select their labs.
Participants select their own housing arrangements.
Participants select their own partners.
Participants select themselves into PDTs during the first competency workshop.
Participants select to attend three of the eight sessions.
Participants select two groups and create their own specific applications.
Participants select which panels and workshops are most appropriate to their own situation.
Participants sell clothes, furniture, and other items.
Participants sell their own items.
Participants send and receive e-mail to take part in discussions.
Participants send e-mail to a special address which forwards the message to all group members.
Participants send one message to the list and it is automatically transmitted to all list members.
Participants send one or two original works beforehand to be prepared on paper.
Participants send out messages.
Participants send the list of invalidations to the coordinator in their vote.
Participants serve also as interns in Washington area offices.
Participants serve on a rotation cycle.
Participants serve, learn and join in an inner-city Cincinnati neighborhood.
Participants sew garments of increasing difficulty as they progress.
Participants shape key elements within the program based on their own experiences.
Participants share a dedication for their craft, and an appreciation for working as a team.
Participants share a draft proposal with other participants and guest reviewers.
Participants share a family story in small groups.
Participants share a sense of adventure, flexibility, and the desire to learn from our hosts.
Participants share and educate each other on coping strategies for daily living.
Participants share and gain skills for food selection, preparation, and storage.
Participants share clinical material from their own practices in a collegial atmosphere.
Participants share double rooms with shared kitchen facilities and private bath.
Participants share experiences and ask questions about treatment.
Participants share experiences in a supportive environment.
Participants share feedback while teacher-presenter is silent.
Participants share ideas about pollution prevention technologies, funding, and general resources.
Participants share ideas and collaboratively plan student-centered lessons.
Participants share ideas and experiences for making video production a success.
Participants share ideas and opportunities for collaborative research.
Participants share ideas in a large group discussion.
Participants share ideas that work.
Participants share ideas, information and refreshments.
Participants share ideas, target problem areas, and work to give direction for possible solutions.
Participants share in activities that help make the consequences of alcohol use more real.
Participants share in kitchen chores before and after each meal.
Participants share in preparing and leading the discussion.
Participants share in selection of materials and in bringing breakfast.
Participants share in the cost of medical expenses through deductibles and through co-payments.
Participants share in the cost of the weekend.
Participants share in the final decision-making.
Participants share in the planning and refreshments.
Participants share information on job opportunities and exchange views with successful role models.
Participants share insights and ideas, contributing to the evolution of the discipline.
Participants share job-search advice and news about possible openings.
Participants share knowledge which contributes to their professional growth and development.
Participants share lesson plans and teaching ideas.
Participants share lesson plans, lab approaches, innovative ideas and philosophies.
Participants share lunch and some quality time with a student desiring a lunch buddy.
Participants share mutual concerns, problems and feelings.
Participants share night watch in rotating order.
Participants share ownership by identifying personal and group goals.
Participants share perspectives on the art of the pitch.
Participants share resources, view films, discuss birding sights and field guides.
Participants share scholarly presentations and reflect on timely theological concerns.
Participants share stories and related activities.
Participants share support, have fun, network, and put forth a positive size-acceptance message.
Participants share techniques that work, interactive activities, or brewing controversies.
Participants share technology solutions and ideas with others who are facing similar challenges.
Participants share the details of their experiences and help one another in group discussions.
Participants share the road with cyclists, pedestrians, and automobiles.
Participants share their concerns and reinforce their knowledge during informal group meetings.
Participants share their creative abilities, knowledge, and interests with other students.
Participants share their emotional and informational concerns in an accepting atmosphere.
Participants share their experiences and search for commonalties in agriculture.
Participants share their experiences with faith-based funding in Northeast Ohio.
Participants share their knowledge and skills with each other.
Participants share their lab's challenges and solutions.
Participants share their own experiences and questions regarding their sexuality.
Participants share their own successes, problems, or issues.
Participants share their personal stories and efforts to be included in society.
Participants share their successes and experiences with each other.
Participants share their word or phrase with the group, if they feel comfortable doing so.
Participants share their work and insights into the creative process with the public.
Participants share their work during class time and at special public readings.
Participants share thoughts, experiences, doubts and religious beliefs.
Participants share thoughts.
Participants share with and support one another.
Participants shoot and develop their own prints as well as enlarge their negatives for final print.
Participants shoot and edit a short class project.
Participants shoot from prone, standing and kneeling positions.
Participants shoud arrange their own flight bookings to and from Cairns.
Participants show how to transform group discussions into a one-act theater performance.
Participants show off their costumes and boat designs.
Participants show reductions.
Participants show respect for individual differences and points of view.
Participants show significant cognitive gains following their preschool experience.
Participants show their ball-handling skills.
Participants show their membership cards and licenses, and then sign the required release.
Participants show verbalization and physiological well being as a result of interacting with a pet.
Participants sign a pledge at registration.
Participants sign a release absolving the prison of liability.
Participants sign an agreement to pay for any missed sessions.
Participants sign in at each meeting.
Participants sign in on a list for pick-up games.
Participants sign liability waivers.
Participants sign one-year contracts with their host institutions.
Participants sign up and are given a list of airports to visit.
Participants sign up at the beginning of the workshop.
Participants sign up for a simple two-hour session.
Participants sign up for one of four classes, each of which offers three hours of credit.
Participants sign up individually and are then placed on teams.
Participants sign up individually.
Participants significantly benefit from tremendous cost savings.
Participants silently write down their ideas on index cards without discussion with others.
Participants simply ask the cashier to scan the card before their groceries are scanned.
Participants simply choose their category and fill out the online application to sign up.
Participants simply dial into the system and wait until the conference host opens the conference.
Participants simply get on and do things themselves.
Participants simply log in and follow along.
Participants simply receive the declared interest rate each year regardless of market conditions.
Participants simply send an email to the instructor or utilize the course conference feature.
Participants simply watch the presentation on their computer screens.
Participants simulate the roles of delegates from U.N.-member states.
Participants sing carols during the procession.
Participants sing songs from a diverse repertoire.
Participants sit at computers.
Participants sit at family tables, each table bearing the name of a saint.
Participants sit down to eat their creations at the end of the class.
Participants sit in a circle which has been divided in quadrants.
Participants sit in a circle, without facilitation, leader, or agenda.
Participants sit on the floor at each compass direction - north, south, east and west.
Participants sit together in a large group for the first discussion and while watching the video.
Participants sit within an enclosed structure and pray while water is poured over fire-heated rocks.
Participants ski as long or short as they want.
Participants sleep in dormitory-style lodges.
Participants sleep in tents on elevated wood platforms with their own campfire area in the middle.
Participants sleep in tents, which staff members set up.
Participants sleep in tepees, build smokeless fires and dine on traditional foods.
Participants sleep inside a heated building.
Participants solve a problem in estimating cost of capital.
Participants solve an assigned design problem and present it to the class for critique.
Participants solve clues for cash and prizes.
Participants solve gear system problems in the context of a train race.
Participants solve real-life engineering problems.
Participants span the spectrum of political views and professional affiliations.
Participants speak about every object they have put in the sand in their part of the tray.
Participants speak as individuals, from their own unique experience.
Participants speak as representatives of groups.
Participants speak for no more than five minutes, with the use of conventional transparencies.
Participants speak in English, Spanish and Portuguese.
Participants speak of the exhilaration of gravity.
Participants speak on their own work or on the work of others.
Participants speak to each other.
Participants speak to one another.
Participants speak to the focus question individually to the gathered group or in a smaller group.
Participants speak to their own constituents and, perhaps, to the undecided middle.
Participants specify the preferred type of host-family when signing up.
Participants spend a period abroad between the second and the third phase.
Participants spend a rigorous ten days of meditation and prayer, learning to observe themselves.
Participants spend a semester in DC doing their internship plus earning additional academic credits.
Participants spend a semester in Washington, D.C., generally during the junior year.
Participants spend a total of seven days developing knowledge and skills in each area.
Participants spend a week on retreat in the desert at a charming western horse ranch.
Participants spend a year providing environmental education and other services to the community.
Participants spend about half of the time in the classroom and half on the road.
Participants spend approximately one hour reviewing, at a high level, travel policy and procedures.
Participants spend approximately two hours a day in lecture.
Participants spend eight weeks learning customer service, teamwork and assertiveness skills.
Participants spend fewer health care dollars than non-participants.
Participants spend four days a week at worksites and one day in academic instruction.
Participants spend half the time in the actual garden, the other half in classrooms.
Participants spend more time digressing than discussing.
Participants spend mornings in counseling.
Participants spend most of their time in the saddle.
Participants spend one morning and one evening per week in the program.
Participants spend part of the session developing and carrying out an inquiry-based project.
Participants spend solo time in their own survival camp during the program.
Participants spend the afternoons teaching kids what they learn in the mornings.
Participants spend the day relaxing, painting and getting in touch with nature.
Participants spend the final four weeks of the session as interns at a Chicago law firm.
Participants spend the majority of their active time communicating with the other participants.
Participants spend the program's seven weeks proactively engaged in language learning.
Participants spend their nights in tents and their days on the trail or in canoes.
Participants spend three days in the village and three days in a bush camp.
Participants spend three weeks enjoying home hospitality in Israel.
Participants spend time before the workshop tracking typical time use.
Participants spend time in each department, learning how that group works.
Participants spend time with key staff members, gaining practical, first-hand experience.
Participants spend two half days a week in schools, supervised by a teacher.
Participants spend two weeks traveling to Israel, including time in the West Bank.
Participants spread the latest news of the amateur space program.
Participants stand in a circle and respond to questions that address their experiences with anger.
Participants stand in a circle close together.
Participants stand in a circle.
Participants stand in a line with signs or candles, often in silence.
Participants stand in one large circle or a few smaller circles around the room.
Participants stand on a submerged platform, about waist deep in the water.
Participants stand quietly in a circle, holding hands and visualizing angels.
Participants stand still in dangerous spinning contraptions.
Participants stand to sing.
Participants start achieving positive results immediately.
Participants start at different times based on ability.
Participants start at timed intervals and race to complete a specified course.
Participants start calorie diets.
Participants start diets.
Participants start every minute, as needed, through the morning.
Participants start in batches and are timed using computerised transponders.
Participants start in lines instead of squares.
Participants start the Mountain Bike portion of the event.
Participants start the prayer facing the north, praying in each direction.
Participants start to look at why they have found a particular dance moving, difficult or uplifting.
Participants start with five credits so they can use the services right away.
Participants state any questions they have concerning rights or procedures.
Participants stay a week, listening to professors and local experts and touring local attractions.
Participants stay active in exercise and computer classes.
Participants stay at a nearby hotel and get privately shuttled to campus.
Participants stay at the site during the week to make the most of the learning experience.
Participants stay in a college residence hall and explore the career world.
Participants stay in a four-star guest house in the heart of Vienna.
Participants stay in a hotel the first night of the program.
Participants stay in a majestic lodge where the conference room and dining hall are located.
Participants stay in apartments situated in or near the Old Town.
Participants stay in comfortable private rooms and are served well prepared, health conscious meals.
Participants stay in culturally appropriate guesthouses or private homes.
Participants stay in fine hotels, eat in the best local restaurants, and never have to get up early.
Participants stay in first-class hotels and enjoy breakfast and dinner.
Participants stay in hotels and eat all meals in restaurants.
Participants stay in individual rooms equipped with kitchens.
Participants stay in local inns, with the program, receptions, dinner, and lunch on campus.
Participants stay in lovely cabins that have their own bathrooms.
Participants stay in motel-style housing with two queen beds and a private bath in each room.
Participants stay in our ancient farmhouse.
Participants stay in private apartments.
Participants stay in residence halls or commercial site accommodations.
Participants stay in rustic accommodation, and bring their own bedding and food.
Participants stay in the dormitories or motel rooms in the surrounding area.
Participants stay in the homes of parishioners of the host church.
Participants stay in the program for one year.
Participants stay in the same dialogue group for all three days.
Participants stay in touch with their students throughout the school year.
Participants stay in university residence halls.
Participants stay informed of current legislation as well as attend hearings in the state capitol.
Participants stay locally in bed and breakfast accommodation.
Participants stay two nights at the Lonesome Lake Hut.
Participants stay with local families.
Participants stay with the group to gain the most from the program.
Participants staying in nearby hotels can park in the hotel lots for free.
Participants step on three wooden beams that are mounted like a seesaw on ground level.
Participants step onto a job ladder that leads to economic self-sufficiency and steady employment.
Participants stitch together sharing patterns, ideas and stitch techniques.
Participants stop accruing additional retirement credit once they enter the plan.
Participants strangle one another for sexual arousal.
Participants strap into a padded seat and race, fly and journey in real time.
Participants strengthen their awareness of real-life local environmental issues.
Participants strengthen their marketing and general managment skills and abilities.
Participants strive to address the focusing question with their own questions and feedback.
Participants struggle to figure out what to do with it.
Participants study and make personal connection with education theory.
Participants study English in the morning and observe practices in their field in the afternoon.
Participants study for four hours every day with experienced Russian-speaking teachers.
Participants study for one year.
Participants study in fields such as carpentry, computer repair, automotive repair and welding.
Participants study in Germany.
Participants study Italian language and culture.
Participants study one semester at each institution.
Participants study portfolio theory and construction.
Participants study the criteria used to evaluate the quality and validity of literacy selections.
Participants study the fundamental nature of mass communication.
Participants study the gulf's marine life and help the environment at the same time.
Participants study the history and culture of Caribbean nations and engage in a service project.
Participants study the influence of story on the health and development of individuals and groups.
Participants study the major theories, research, and major figures in field.
Participants study the role of parents as partners in the religious education of their children.
Participants study the tools of analysis and operations of the parts and the whole of the economy.
Participants study the tools of analysis and operations of the whole economy.
Participants study the topic or topics in a group with a structured format.
Participants study the trends and developments in workplace contexts through applied projects.
Participants study through the Internet.
Participants submit a bio, in which they reveal as much as they choose.
Participants submit a program completion form once all requirements are met.
Participants submit a request for an account which is then added to a list of potential accounts.
Participants submit a written report before their arrival on campus.
Participants submit a written report on their research at the end of the program.
Participants submit applications to the campuswide competition for undergraduate research funding.
Participants submit extended abstracts of work they wish to present.
Participants submit garden proposals.
Participants submit metered load data to the PX electronically over a private wide-area network.
Participants submit their assignments to course faculty through email.
Participants submit their listings and investor needs for publication in a marketing booklet.
Participants submit their poetry and short fiction and then receive direct feedback by e-mail.
Participants submit their titles and abstracts through an HTML form.
Participants submit their written reactions for publication on the site.
Participants submit topics for discussion.
Participants submit work to the site and discuss the writing via a mailing list .
Participants subscribe and unsubscribe themselves and exchange email with others.
Participants subscribe by sending an e-mail message to the listserv.
Participants subscribe to the list and can then send mail to that list.
Participants substitute alternate behaviors for eating in response to stress.
Participants suggest a critical care nursing experience prerequisite.
Participants suggest changes for the engineer to make.
Participants suggest that the program more than exceeded their expectations.
Participants supervise undergraduate student interaction with clients.
Participants supply drawing materials.
Participants supply personal clothing, toiletries, and sleeping gear.
Participants supply their own drawing materials.
Participants supply their own film and photographic paper.
Participants supply their own food and personal equipment through rental or purchase.
Participants supply their own materials.
Participants supply their own personal items.
Participants supply their own pre-approved costumes.
Participants supply their own stopwatch or other timing device.
Participants support services.
Participants support taking responsibility for content posted on the Internet.
Participants supported have DG follow committe meeting.
Participants suspect that administrative personnel are often categorized as instructional.
Participants suspend their assumptions.
Participants swim against the clock.
Participants swim the rapids and repel down cliffs.
Participants tailor their courses of study to their own particular areas of interest.
Participants take a break during a formation program talk.
Participants take a break to pose for a quick photo before getting back to work.
Participants take a chance on winning practical household items.
Participants take a close look at what makes an effective school, teacher, and instructional plan.
Participants take a hard look at how they use their power and influence on the job.
Participants take a simulation exam several days before the actual test.
Participants take a year-long course with the same instructor and small group of students.
Participants take advantage on the tax-deferred benefit via contributions to the plan.
Participants take along containers of coloured water to throw on each other.
Participants take an active role in deciding if they choose to enter into mediation.
Participants take assessment tests to learn more about their career related interests.
Participants take assessment.
Participants take away a practical tool kit to increase their value to their organization.
Participants take classes in ballet, point, pas de deux and variations.
Participants take common steps of faith in embracing new people, places, and cultures.
Participants take control of an Experiential Simulated company.
Participants take courses at their own pace limited only by prerequisites particular to each course.
Participants take courses in arctic marine and terrestrial biology.
Participants take coursework in English in a variety of business topics.
Participants take day trips.
Participants take digital photos and notes as they learn about wetlands plants and animals.
Participants take each of the following courses.
Participants take English, math, science, foreign language and elective courses.
Participants take full responsibility for themselves and their equipment.
Participants take home a refresher skills card as well as information about preventing injuries.
Participants take home curriculum materials, teaching activities, and program ideas.
Participants take home ideas and exercises for workshop design.
Participants take home their collage studies instead of tutorial notes.
Participants take home what they make plus a recipe booklet.
Participants take in charge their travel and accommodation expenses.
Participants take no pills and are required to make only a minimal number of visits to the center.
Participants take on leadership responsibilities locally, regionally, statewide, and nationally.
Participants take on new roles and responsibilities.
Participants take on roles.
Participants take on travel expenses and hotel accommodation.
Participants take one course during a four-week session, and there are two sessions each summer.
Participants take one course for four weeks.
Participants take one course in fourteen class days and receive three-semester hours of credit.
Participants take one course, or enroll in the complete two-course program for a reduced fee.
Participants take online classes from home under the guidance of public school teachers.
Participants take orders from family, friends and neighbors.
Participants take over a factory.
Participants take part in a variety of crafts and sports.
Participants take part in a wide variety of community integrated activities.
Participants take part in an experiment that transforms ordinary graphite into diamond.
Participants take part in an ordered day of prayer, study, work and leisure.
Participants take part in challenging activities that stimulate the mind.
Participants take part in classroom instruction, presentations and workshops three hours a day.
Participants take part in clinical trials for many reasons.
Participants take part in educational seminars and assemblies and meet people from across Wisconsin.
Participants take part in electoral campaigns at the city, county, and state level.
Participants take part in local competition.
Participants take part in recreational activities, field trips, and holiday celebrations.
Participants take part in the spiritual study and one of the mission studies.
Participants take part in training which include coursework, short-term seminars and field trips.
Participants take planned field trips and do plenty of additional traveling on their own.
Participants take projects home.
Participants take responsibility for views expressed.
Participants take small pieces of it back home and post wreaths above their door.
Participants take some active part in a demonstration.
Participants take the exam in three levels, one each year.
Participants take the first part of the assessment.
Participants take the lead in guiding discussions and developing strategies and solutions.
Participants take their assignment seriously.
Participants take their knowledge to other producers by providing leadership for marketing clubs.
Participants take their turns breaking in the new skate park at the recent grand opening.
Participants take three basic courses, one electives, and a seminar.
Participants take three noncredit courses over a five-day period.
Participants take three one-hour exams during the course of the academic year.
Participants take three papers through a process of peer review and conferences.
Participants take turns bringing refreshments for the group.
Participants take turns going around the circle until all thoughts have been expressed.
Participants take turns hosting the group.
Participants take turns in timed segments and eschew direct response.
Participants take turns interacting with the animals.
Participants take turns leading and planning sessions.
Participants take turns picking up a card and then turning another one over in search of a match.
Participants take turns preparing breakfast.
Participants take turns presenting process notes from sessions.
Participants take turns providing an informal devotion and prayer.
Participants take turns walking, running or strolling around a track.
Participants take turns walking, running or strolling relay-style around a track.
Participants take turns walking, running, or strolling around a track.
Participants take various pre-defined roles of characters in the developing country scenario.
Participants take vitamins.
Participants taking the quiz require rudimentary knowledge of web browsing skills.
Participants talk about specific issues with the help of a moderator and a nonpartisan issue book.
Participants talk about the consequences of simply possessing a weapon at school.
Participants talk about their lives and their reasons for moving north.
Participants talk about their thoughts, experiences, doubts, and current beliefs.
Participants talk about what they have written on the cards.
Participants talk to each other, conclude deals, send confirmations etc.
Participants talk, listen, cry and laugh.
Participants target specific sites along a stream and record visual observations on data sheets.
Participants taste chile pepper varieties on display at the Chile Pepper Field Day.
Participants teach at needy Catholic schools in the South while earning credit.
Participants teach five ten-minute sessions using a different model of teaching each time.
Participants teach the lesson and then come together to share experiences and reflections.
Participants tear apart electronics and see what is inside.
Participants tell others about it.
Participants tend to be leaders known for propounding a carefully crafted position.
Participants tend to change at least twice a day.
Participants tend to feel they are attending a more important event than a typical conference.
Participants tend to lack awareness of the unattended ear's content, or even language.
Participants test and assess new learning materials developed from around the world.
Participants test different building materials and work together to build an arch and a truss.
Participants then attend the model program training of their choice.
Participants then begin to resume roles they earlier stripped away, or to add new roles.
Participants then break into small groups, each led by a facilitator.
Participants then break off into groups of three for a few hours of scaling the heights.
Participants then choose from a variety of other courses offered in either Norwegian or English.
Participants then correct any non-compliance identified in the plan.
Participants then create a formal Action Plan for improvement in each area.
Participants then create powerful visions for themselves and for their student organizations.
Participants then design an action plan and are monitored on a monthly basis.
Participants then discuss and refine each area which received at least a one-third vote.
Participants then engage in a participatory dialogue in the remaining two hours of the session.
Participants then form groups to discuss structured questions.
Participants then go fishing.
Participants then go on to share information with friends, colleagues and family members.
Participants then go through a training course and agree to build an approved stable.
Participants then have six weeks to brainstorm strategies and design and build their robot.
Participants then have the option of sitting with colleagues who have similar interests.
Participants then input the data into the laptops while they are onsite.
Participants then introduce their partners to the group.
Participants then join the conference call with the full documentation on their screens.
Participants then learn how to build a quality improvement plan.
Participants then learn how to recognize, and deal with, behavioral tendencies in others.
Participants then learn to employ tools and strategies to detour themselves.
Participants then leave the meeting with little sense of a meaningful larger context.
Participants then make a selection of paper, cloth, and dried ornaments to take home.
Participants then meet on-line to present and discuss their projects.
Participants then offer their answers to the leader's question and to one other's comments.
Participants then pair up and identify issues framed as questions.
Participants then proceed to gather data.
Participants then read out their statements in which ever order they chose.
Participants then receive a reward.
Participants then receive assistance in job placement and retention by our job development team.
Participants then receive recommendations for building their knowledge.
Participants then record their tallies on the Web site, which are grouped by ZIP code.
Participants then send each other bears, maps, photos and local mementos by airmail.
Participants then sit down with a fitness specialist and go over the results of their tests.
Participants then snorkel with our dolphins in a relaxed, natural setting.
Participants then train colleagues in their school and model technology integration.
Participants then try to grab the rooster, and the bird often is torn apart in the process.
Participants then turn in their completed worksheets to win a variety of prizes.
Participants then use the model to assess the performance of their own programs.
Participants then use their funds to buy and sell contracts.
Participants then work in teams to practice using the tools on a controlled case study.
Participants thereby earn a greater return on their investments.
Participants thereby gain access to online banking services.
Participants think about the link between nutrition and physical and mental health.
Participants throw away the concepts of three meals a day and the five food groups.
Participants tie the chip to their shoe prior to the race and turn it in at the finish line.
Participants tour the country and meet with Israeli leaders.
Participants tour the solar system, learning about rockets and our moon.
Participants tour wastewater treatment plants and firms involved in the environmental field.
Participants trade personal information for the chance to win cash and prizes.
Participants traditionally gather for breakfast after the run at a local restaurant.
Participants traditionally wear costumes, and a wide range of awards are presented.
Participants train hard for an event and always aim to better their results .
Participants train hard for an event and always aim to better their results.
Participants train in earnest for the competition.
Participants train in giant slalom and slalom as an introduction to the sport of ski racing.
Participants train indoors on rowing machines called ergometers, used to teach techniques.
Participants travel across five bridges with breathtaking views of downtown Pittsburgh.
Participants travel at their own pace and several distances are usually available.
Participants travel at their own risk.
Participants travel back in time and are able to experience the events through creative drama.
Participants travel from all over the country to compete, and bring their own boats in on trailers.
Participants travel in convoy fashion in their own vehicles.
Participants travel over a carefully planned scenic route with several checkpoints.
Participants travel there by bus for each of the six sessions.
Participants travel through geological wonders and visit ancient Native American sites.
Participants travel through Scotland meeting poets, musicians, politicians, and othe.
Participants travel through South Dakota, Wyoming and Montana, living in tipis and cooking outdoors.
Participants travel to diverse parts of country to observe and partake in daily life.
Participants travel to historic sites to discover more about science and history.
Participants travel to sites across the country where they live and volunteer with local agencies.
Participants travel together with other students from their campus.
Participants truly feel as if they are part of each community.
Participants try a number of enjoyable techniques.
Participants try their hand at making repairs in space.
Participants try their own hand at creating a sense of place in their writing.
Participants turn up demanding all sorts of things, but are prepared to settle for less.
Participants tutor inner city children.
Participants type in ideas, suggestions and responses that are viewed by all participants.
Participants type in questions while the parents talk and ham it up on screen.
Participants type in responses.
Participants type their farewells as the exit the chat room.
Participants typically build one or more projects such as an extension cord or lamp to take home.
Participants typically experience a dramatic change in awareness.
Participants typically experience improved physical strength and overall attitude.
Participants typically have a minimum of eight to ten years of work experience.
Participants typically have at least eight years management experience at middle-level or above.
Participants typically have eight to ten years of business or professional experience.
Participants typically have two or more children.
Participants typically pay for materials at cost for art and recreation programs.
Participants typically serve the human service, education, or health needs of Sauk County residents.
Participants typically wear wet or dry suits.
Participants uncover the sometimes puzzling relationships between people, plants and animals.
Participants undergo a health and psychological assessment before they are admitted.
Participants undergo a productivity assessment.
Participants undergo annual history and physicals.
Participants undergo at least one month of surface stimulation prior to surgery.
Participants undergo measurements.
Participants undergo protocols.
Participants undergo treatment protocols.
Participants understand and defend policies of other countries' foreign policy.
Participants understand and develop lesson plans that teach for understanding and mastery.
Participants understand the concepts of critical thinking and lifelong learning.
Participants understand their work and communication styles.
Participants undertake to accept and complete all eligible payments.
Participants use a common set of background materials.
Participants use a computer software package for data analysis.
Participants use a detailed topographic map to find control points located within the park.
Participants use a fire extinguisher and put out a fire as part of their training.
Participants use a journal extensively, a skill in itself.
Participants use a measurement tool to become aware of personal characteristics.
Participants use a problem solving process to remove or buffer the restraints.
Participants use a secure platform to automate home closings.
Participants use a specially designed stationary bike, while working out in a group class setting.
Participants use a substitute address in place of their actual physical or mailing address.
Participants use an electronic learning community to collaborate and access resources.
Participants use aqua joggers to maximize their workout in the deep water.
Participants use attribute blocks as a concrete tool for studying propositional logic.
Participants use capture filters and display filters to analyze and decodenetwork traffic.
Participants use case study and research methodology in their educational process.
Participants use cases as the basis for discussion and written work.
Participants use CD-ROMs on computers which have various job scenarios.
Participants use chat software or other conferencing software.
Participants use computational science tools for ocean science research.
Participants use computer networking to share ideas and water quality monitoring data.
Participants use dip nets, puppets, plastomounts and more to enhance learning.
Participants use hand weights or giant elastic bands to tone their muscles.
Participants use hands-on methods to learn about current science and the scientific method.
Participants use interactive exercises to gain hands-on experience.
Participants use lean processes with real examples during classroom training.
Participants use light hand weights.
Participants use motorized wheelchairs.
Participants use one board or multiple boards, and learn how to mix up routines.
Participants use planning skills learned in the program to plan a celebration.
Participants use process mapping and value streaming to define actual plant operations.
Participants use programs to analyze data and run simulations.
Participants use relevant program, audience and media research to design and plan their program.
Participants use rituals, ancient myths and initiations to redefine men's role.
Participants use several different computer platforms.
Participants use standardized costs and actual input records to evaluate production economics.
Participants use techniques such as fingerprint analysis, hair and fiber comparisons and serology.
Participants use that passage over and over again as the exercise for the set.
Participants use the abstract to decide which presentations to attend.
Participants use the computer to draw, paint and sequence figures in transitions.
Participants use the conference as a spring board into development of their annual marketing plans.
Participants use the discussion board to share comments and questions after watching the video.
Participants use the facility at their own risk.
Participants use the Internet and text resources to complete their task.
Participants use the Internet to communicate with each other through email and through chat rooms.
Participants use the Internet to communicate with each other through e-mail and through chat rooms.
Participants use the Internet to share first hand accounts about their local environment.
Participants use the Messaging window to send in questions or comments any time during the event.
Participants use the method of their choice to focus during meditation.
Participants use the pieces to make a collage.
Participants use the raw data obtained for more involved mathematical calculations.
Participants use the robot to spraypaint personal messages on the ground.
Participants use the text tool to indicate their position.
Participants use the warm water environment for exercise, socializing and general recreation.
Participants use their own cameras and supply their own film.
Participants use their own computers and internet access.
Participants use their own set of weights and work through a series of moves set to energetic music.
Participants use their phones or computers to access the conference.
Participants use their place of employment as a learning laboratory.
Participants use their rifles to knock down the targets in limited time and number of shots.
Participants use traditional carving methods and tools on limestone.
Participants use vacation time and pay their own travel expenses.
Participants use various techniques to make functional and sculptural ceramic forms.
Participants use video taped role-plays to obtain valuable feedback and reinforce skills.
Participants use water resistance equipment to progress and strive for higher fitness levels.
Participants use what they learn in different ways.
Participants use what they learn to better serve the public.
Participants use word processing, databases, spreadsheets, and classroom desktop publishing.
Participants using the tapes feel better prepared to study our written material.
Participants utilize floatation belts and work out in a non-impact class.
Participants utilize the resources of each beautiful mountain location.
Participants utilize their unique attributes to create a clearer career path.
Participants utilize traditional drawing media.
Participants vary according to the workshop topic.
Participants vary widely in age, education and writing experience.
Participants view a college education as a route to a more secure economic future.
Participants View a list of users participating with our group.
Participants view advertisements.
Participants view and discuss student documentaries.
Participants view demonstrations of basic and scientific calculator functions, as .
Participants view each segment, and then participate in facilitated discussion after each section.
Participants view how collaborative student groups used technology.
Participants view outcome measures in different ways.
Participants view over sixty murals in an eight-block walk.
Participants View the list of attendees at the Retreat.
Participants view the materials.
Participants visit a related Web site to do research and take notes.
Participants visit a variety of field sites to explore the ecology of Mount Desert Island.
Participants visit as many sites as schedules and modem speeds permit.
Participants visit farms, schools and community organizations.
Participants visit international fashion trade fair, as well as major French museums.
Participants visit museums, historical sites, castles, battlefields, and other points of interest.
Participants visit numerous archaeological sites to supplement their academic work.
Participants visit several local plants.
Participants visit several major American law firms in Delaware, New York, and Washington.
Participants visit sites where professionals in the field perform the activities practiced in class.
Participants visit sugar mills, coffee plantations, and dairy farms and speak with local farmers.
Participants visit the same teacher throughout the school year to observe instruction over time.
Participants visit the United States for approximately three weeks.
Participants voluntarily commit their time to teen courts in the pursuit of justice.
Participants volunteer at local shelters, soup kitchens and low-income neighborhoods.
Participants volunteer for service projects to churches, community groups, and individuals.
Participants volunteer for various responsibilities and agree on implementation plan.
Participants volunteer in middle school classrooms once a week for one academic year.
Participants volunteer their time and provide their own equipment.
Participants volunteer to complete many of the tasks involved in running the centers.
Participants vote for a specific person, through Blackberries, pagers that can email.
Participants vote for priorities across the list.
Participants vote on bottle art and then influence the appearance of the next creation.
Participants wait for the ceremony to begin.
Participants waive all claims of liability, physical, karmic or philosophical.
Participants waive any charge back rights.
Participants waive any chargeback rights.
Participants waive any objection to such means of notification.
Participants walk a given distance in a non-timed event.
Participants walk along primary roads, visit villages and towns, and camp in tents.
Participants walk and ask friends and co-workers for donations for completing the course.
Participants walk around the room and look at each other's slide show presentations.
Participants walk at their own pace and can stop along the way to shop or have a picnic.
Participants walk at their own pace and receive awards for their personal achievement.
Participants walk at their own pace for an hour along a designated course.
Participants walk away with a variety of strategies to apply at the individual level.
Participants walk out of the workshop with something concrete and tangible they can use.
Participants walk the trail carrying illuminated balloons.
Participants walk their dogs to raise money to spay island cats.
Participants walk through the mall for fun and fitness.
Participants walk, have fun, and share a common goal.
Participants warm up so as to avoid injuries during the tournament.
Participants wash and dry toy dishes together.
Participants watch a demonstration where one person helps another solve a problem.
Participants watch a video and break out into smaller groups for discussion.
Participants watch a videotape of their performance and see the mistakes they've made.
Participants watch as black belts demonstrate legal sparring techniques.
Participants watch from any personal computer that includes a standard Web browser.
Participants watch news clips.
Participants watch out for each others' homes and arrange neighborhood activities together.
Participants watch short film clips and perform some of the postviewing activities.
Participants watch videos on parenting and listen as well as share information with others.
Participants wear a light blue ribbon symbolizing the day s goals.
Participants wear a pedometer that automatically records every step they take.
Participants wear brightly coloured costumes and masks and carry lanterns.
Participants wear casual clothing and soft-soled shoes to avoid marring the gym floor.
Participants wear colorful medieval costumes.
Participants wear ear plugs, headphones or both to dampen the noise that the machine makes.
Participants wear elaborate costumes with sequins and peacock-like feather headpieces.
Participants wear old west period clothing, representing themselves as famous persons.
Participants wear replica armor and use weapons made from rattan.
Participants wear replica armor and wield weapons made of rattan.
Participants wear seasonal costumes and tie jingle bells to their shoelaces.
Participants wear shorts and a t-shirt, slacks and a shirt, or a casual summer dress.
Participants wear special laser-proof vests, and laser sensors which record the hits they receive.
Participants wear uniforms.
Participants welcome at individual sessions.
Participants welcome at one or all classes.
Participants welcome from other local authorities.
Participants will have opportunity.
Participants will have roles.
Participants wishing to live out can arrange to pay only registration fee.
Participants wishing to put together a workshop, please contact the organizers.
Participants witness the others' stories silently.
Participants work and lodge with Mexican youth groups.
Participants work and share together in pairs, small groups and in the whole group.
Participants work and socialize with residents and attend ceremonies and cultural festivities.
Participants work as a team to create a balanced menu, shop for groceries, cook, serve and clean up.
Participants work as desk clerks, housekeepers, bellhops, store clerks, tour guides, waitstaff, etc.
Participants work as individuals and members of a team to prepare for the future.
Participants work as office assistants, as editors of publicity, and they manage telephone stations.
Participants work at a computer and build with accessibility as the focus.
Participants work at their level.
Participants work at their own experience and conditioning levels.
Participants work at their own pace to improve strength and cardiovascular fitness.
Participants work at their own pace.
Participants work at typical job sites and are often hired by the employer.
Participants work at various volunteer jobs during the mornings and study Hebrew in the afternoons.
Participants work both in teams and individually in a supervised, hands-on learning environment.
Participants work both individually and as a group.
Participants work closely in small groups with established writers in the genre of their choice.
Participants work closely with faculty mentors specializing in their area of interest.
Participants work closely, with faculty mentors in research internships.
Participants work collaboratively on projects to further environmental education.
Participants work for a Japanese company in various capacities.
Participants work for a period of approx.
Participants work for four weeks in a truly American work setting while living with a local host.
Participants work for various divisions within the county and tax-exempt entities.
Participants work full time.
Participants work full-time on starting their business instead of looking for wage and salary jobs.
Participants work full-time.
Participants work half time and receive free conference admission for the remainder.
Participants work hard and have a great time.
Participants work hard and live under strict discipline.
Participants work hard and still maintain a positive attitude.
Participants work hard, but the rewards are extraordinary.
Participants work in a team environment.
Participants work in a team to deliver projects which provide real benefits in the community.
Participants work in actual research laboratories, two or three in a laboratory with a mentor.
Participants work in groups to develop forms and critique actual forms.
Participants work in groups to develop thematic units using drama techniques.
Participants work in groups to invent a new product, a new technique, or a new solution.
Participants work in groups which fosters the networking skill's facet of the program.
Participants work in pairs to read and derive issues from consolidated models of each type.
Participants work in pairs, with one computer for each pair.
Participants work in patient care, distribution, and customer service.
Participants work in small groups guided by experienced translators.
Participants work in small groups on case studies with real life collections problems.
Participants work in small groups or teams.
Participants work in small groups to practice delegation skills.
Participants work in small study sections.
Participants work in small teams to investigate a variety of exciting topics.
Participants work in small teams with ToP trainers creating solutions to real concerns.
Participants work in teams as they develop solutions for difficult design problems.
Participants work in teams on a case study that simulates actual work experience.
Participants work in teams on simulated negotiation exercises to develop skills.
Participants work in teams to design and implement solutions to assigned problems.
Participants work in teams to open, operate, and close a typical shelter operation.
Participants work in teams to solve problem situations related to individual type preferences.
Participants work in the janitorial program and receive scaled wages based on abilities.
Participants work in the medium of their choice.
Participants work in triads - a writer and two readers.
Participants work independently.
Participants work much harder as a member of a competitive team than they do on their own.
Participants work on a case study in regulating market structure.
Participants work on a level equal to that of a junior foreign service officer.
Participants work on a project throughout the year and meet in fall, winter, and spring.
Participants work on a team building exercise.
Participants work on a team project for an external client on a specific business problem.
Participants work on a variety of issues.
Participants work on a variety of topics.
Participants work on a volunteer basis and receive no remuneration.
Participants work on class projects and are encouraged to define their own projects.
Participants work on four exercises based on actual business crisis events.
Participants work on projects in either basic or clinical science areas.
Participants work on projects independently or with a team.
Participants work on real change issues.
Participants work on real-life challenges facing their teams right now.
Participants work on restoration and clean-up of the area.
Participants work on teaching projects of their choice and receive individual reviews of their work.
Participants work on their own, but the staff is available to help if problems arise.
Participants work on their teaching in small videotaped microteaching sessions.
Participants work out a schedule among themselves for use of the crew.
Participants work out their own choreography, costumes and music.
Participants work quietly by themselves writing down possible solutions to the stated problem.
Participants work through a handout together in small groups after initial inspiration.
Participants work through a series of improvisational games.
Participants work through complex cases in the full range of family law matters.
Participants work through each course at their own pace.
Participants work through some of the ethical dilemmas that face nursing home staff.
Participants work through the course content online.
Participants work to address community needs in the areas of education, health-care, women.
Participants work to enhance coordination and to improve their balance and control.
Participants work to promote understanding and build a sense of community among area residents.
Participants work to renovate low and moderate income family housing.
Participants work to tutor refugee children in English and other homework areas.
Participants work together in small groups during one of the many workshop exercises.
Participants work together on a comprehensive team project.
Participants work together sharing their views on how to resolve conflicts or solve problems.
Participants work together to complete the obstacle.
Participants work together to develop their ground rules.
Participants work together to set up camp, provide meals, and plan activities.
Participants work together to solve problems, develop plans, build teams, and present solutions.
Participants work together toward the goal of increasing the diversity of their congregation.
Participants work together, live together, hurt together, do everything together.
Participants work toward becoming effective instructors in established business English programs.
Participants work up a good sweat while learning and practicing important competitive tactics.
Participants work with faculty mentors and participate in research seminars.
Participants work with individuals and small groups primarily with reading instruction.
Participants work with one faculty member the entire week.
Participants work with partners, punching and kicking various types of training mitts and pads.
Participants work with professional artists who are accomplished in their disciplines.
Participants work with researchers to find, tag, and record data about the leatherbacks.
Participants work with staff to identify participant goals and to set educational plans.
Participants work with the instructor to develop their own personal investment portfolio.
Participants work with their volunteer tutor for two hours once a week.
Participants work with trained, experienced facilitators in building facilitator skills.
Participants work with two New York organizations.
Participants work with visiting artists and workshop leaders.
Participants work with, define, and discuss principles of dance such as space, time, and force.
Participants write an in-depth, reflective description of a cultural group with which they work.
Participants write down their first, gut reaction to the question, without consulting others.
Participants write often, critiquing texts and academic studies.
Participants write questions to the group and receive peer input.
Participants write resolutions and make speeches.
Participants write their own ethical wills and lead a service for the entire congregation.
Participants write their own thoughts on the theme, and post the entry on their own website.
Participants write, and share the writings.
Participants always leave with new practical tools and highly motivated.
Participants frequently mention forces beyond their control.
Participants frequently say the experience is the most rewarding of their educational career.
Participants frequently use course activities as a central component of their final project.
Participants often are long time smokers with morning cough.
Participants often bring their spouses and families.
Participants often choose whether to run or walk.
Participants often comment on the fatigue level during and after the mission.
Participants often comment on the importance of sharing experiences with others who have been there.
Participants often describe the workshop as intense and even exhausting.
Participants often get authentic and alternative definitions confused.
Participants often get to experience the fun side of the country in which they are working.
Participants often get to stroke, hug, or give hand signals to the dolphins.
Participants often go out for brunch and conversation following the services.
Participants often make a deliberate choice to be violent.
Participants often meet at a local Japanese restaurant after the session.
Participants often meet very interesting people in Amsterdam.
Participants often obtain grades generally higher than non participating students.
Participants often produce work that exceeds their usual output in quantity and quality.
Participants often remain anonymous.
Participants often report that for the first time, they realize they CAN do what they dream of.
Participants often state that they finally realize how normal they are in their own struggles.
Participants often tend to be the same ones and everyone knows their opinions.
Participants often tend to shape their new roles with old assumptions.
Participants often travel hours to attend, sometimes from as far away as Albany or Fort Valley.
Participants often travel in groups of two or more.
Participants often vote their resources by deciding to share information or compute cycles.
Participants sometimes choose to change their major as a result of their trips.
Participants sometimes have an opportunity to shadow reporters.
Participants sometimes help with the preparations for lunch, which is provided.
Participants sometimes make contact with future employers.
Participants usually ask each other about their health, their jobs, and about their relatives.
Participants usually check back to see if a new message has been posted.
Participants usually contribute greater quantity and complexity of ideas only when pushed to do so.
Participants usually devote themselves to a single instrument during classes and practice hours.
Participants usually employ force, aggression and coercion.
Participants usually find the community meals abundant, delicious, and sometimes exotic.
Participants usually find two things difficult.
Participants usually follow behind, dancing and jumping.
Participants usually gather together for lunch, sometimes for dinner and evening outings.
Participants usually harbor suicidal tendencies.
Participants usually hold an advanced degree in their discipline.
Participants usually join the STF right after high school or after their first year of college.
Participants usually leave feeling energized, lighter, and taller.
Participants usually live in a dorm or similar community type setting.
Participants usually live with families in the host country.
Participants usually lose one to two pounds a week.
Participants usually pay for their own workbooks.
Participants usually play in teams of four or five.
Participants usually receive a modest payment.
Participants usually require an immediate result.
Participants usually sit in a semi-circle to maximize their interaction.
Participants usually stay with the same group throughout the workshop.
Participants usually take battle names.
Participants usually walk among various presentations.
Participants usually work together closely beyond that time.
All participants access the meeting through their phones and Internet browsers.
All participants acknowledge such risks and hereby freely assume same.
All participants adopt an off-beat stage name.
All participants agree the project is successful and effective.
All participants agree to abide by the decisions of the event chairman.
ALL participants agree to be civil and behave in a professional manner.
All participants agree to utilize the banner exchange at their own risk.
All participants agree upon entry to abide by the results of such test.
All participants also receive invitations to possible future network meetings.
All participants are able to see and hear each other.
All participants are adults.
All participants are also debriefed and compensated for their participation.
All participants are anonymous.
All participants are bilingual.
All participants are capable climbers and experts at their designated functions.
All participants are clear on the design principles.
All participants are concerned with avoiding mistakes in prior merit methods.
All participants are concerned with the timeframe implied by the current budget.
All participants are eighteen and under.
All participants are eligible for draw prizes following the race.
All participants are eligible for prize drawings and certificates.
All participants are eligible for random prize drawings.
All participants are eligible for random prizes.
All participants are eligible to be chosen as intramural athlete of the week.
All participants are eligible to receive a colorful certificate.
All participants are eligible to win prizes.
All participants are eligible to win random prizes.
All participants are eligible to win various prizes, including one year of free tuition.
All participants are equal in terms of their ability to think.
All participants are equal opportunity emplyers.
All participants are equal partners.
All participants are equal.
All participants are fellow sponsors to the project.
All participants are free to submit their best work.
All participants are from Management.
All participants are in continuing long term follow-up for heart disease, stroke and mortality.
All participants are in direct communication with each other.
All participants are in one flight to promote teamwork and esprit de corps.
All participants are in padded gear and video taped for review.
All participants are in the heat of building.
All participants are mature adults.
All participants are merchants and websites here in Berks County and the surrounding area.
All participants are native speakers.
All participants are online and can see the study as it develops.
All participants are only eligible to win one prize.
All participants are privy to all communications that are entered in the system.
All participants are proud representatives of their country.
All participants are responsible for following the established starting and ending dates.
All participants are responsible for having their own equipment.
All participants are responsible for keeping the rooms clean.
All participants are responsible for keeping the skate park safe and litter free.
All participants are responsible for making their hotel reservations.
All participants are responsible for making their own accommodation arrangements.
All participants are responsible for making their own arrangements for transportation and lodging.
All participants are responsible for making their own hotel reservations.
All participants are responsible for making their own reservations.
All participants are responsible for making their own travel arrangements to and from Rome.
All participants are responsible for making their own travel, visa and hotel arrangements.
ALL participants are responsible for paying their own travel expenses.
All participants are responsible for proper behavior and language while in the facility.
All participants are responsible for securing their own hotel reservations for each seminar.
All participants are responsible for the costs of lodging, if desired.
All participants are responsible for the proper use of the sauna as posted on the outside wall.
All participants are responsible for the verification of their own eligibility.
All participants are responsible for their meal, travel, and lodging costs.
All participants are responsible for their own belongings.
All participants are responsible for their own conversations.
All participants are responsible for their own fun, as well as their own safety and well-being.
All participants are responsible for their own hotel reservations and payment.
All participants are responsible for their own hotel reservations.
All participants are responsible for their own housing and transportation arrangements.
All participants are responsible for their own lodging accommodations, unless stated otherwise.
All participants are responsible for their own lodging.
All participants are responsible for their own meals and reservations.
All participants are responsible for their own meals.
All participants are responsible for their own medical expenses.
All participants are responsible for their own medical, travel and accident insurance.
All participants are responsible for their own shelter.
All participants are responsible for their own transportation and lodging arrangements.
All participants are responsible for their own transportation to and from the courses.
All participants are responsible for their own travel arrangements.
All participants are responsible for their own travel, hotel accommodations and all meals.
All participants are responsible for their personal medical treatment, expenses, and insurance.
All participants are responsible for their travel expenses to and from Korea.
All participants are responsible for transportation to and from our facilities.
All participants are responsible for travel and lodging costs.
All participants are responsible for understanding the forum's purpose, rules, and guidelines.
All participants are responsible more making their own hotel arrangements.
All participants are simultaneously online, using a chat service and in a chat room to participate.
All participants are subject to a polygraph test.
All participants are subject to assessments and interview prior to admission.
All participants are subject to availability.
All participants are subject to change.
All participants are subject to following the rules and regulations of the vanpool policy.
All participants are subject to inspection and measurement at any time during the regatta.
All participants are subject to polygraph upon request.
All participants are subject to regular member fees.
All participants are themselves empowered.
All participants are there to have fun.
All participants are to be congratulated for their excellent presentations.
All participants are to be given access to the same set of bats.
All participants are to be in proper attire including the wearing of the golf shoes on the course.
All participants are to be sponsored or approved by their employing organization.
All participants are to be treated courteously and fairly.
All participants are to be treated with courtesy.
All participants are to bring a portable keyboard .
All participants are to bring a swimsuit, towel and a change of clothes.
All participants are to bring along their International passport .
All participants are to complete the entire forms as directed.
All participants are to have a signed waiver on file prior to using the Skate Park.
All participants are to report at appointed times regardless of weather conditions.
All participants are to show up regardless of the weather conditions.
All participants are to use the facility and equipment at their own risk.
All participants are traceable and therefore legally accountable.
All participants are under the direct and complete supervision and control of the sponsoring group.
All participants are volunteers and are rewarded only by the satisfaction they experience.
All participants are volunteers.
All participants are welcome to bring a lunch.
All participants are welcome to display posters and give live computer demonstrations.
All participants are welcome to make comments.
All participants are welcome to participate.
All participants are welcome to return after lunch to ask questions and get examples.
All participants are welcome to submit ideas for topics for discussion.
All participants are welcome to submit papers for consideration for the workshops.
All participants are welcome.
All participants are White.
All participants are winners, and prizes, including surfboards are donated by local businesses.
All participants assist in camp duties on a rota basis, but there is a full-time cook.
All participants assist in the preparation of the food and enjoy a delicious sample meal.
All participants assume individual responsibility for providing their own insurance coverage.
All participants assume individual responsibility for providing their own insurance.
All participants assume such risks of injury.
All participants assume the risks associated with the sport of badminton.
All participants assume the risks associated with the sport of basketball.
All participants assume the risks associated with the sport of flag football.
All participants assume the risks associated with the sport of football.
All participants assume the risks associated with the sport of golf.
All participants assume the risks associated with the sport of racquetball.
All participants assume the risks associated with the sport of sand volleyball.
All participants assume the risks associated with the sport of soccer.
All participants assume the risks associated with the sport of softball.
All participants assume the risks associated with the sport of tennis.
All participants assume the risks associated with the sport of ultimate frisbee.
All participants assume the risks associated with the sport of volleyball.
All participants assume the risks associated with the sport of wallyball.
All participants assume the risks that surfing entails.
All participants attend a preparatory language program.
All participants attend class with other international students of the same language level.
All participants attend drug and alcohol information sessions as a part of the program.
All participants attend for the full two weeks.
All participants attend in their personal capacity.
All participants attend the class below for the full day.
All participants bear some responsibility for the quality of the discussions.
All participants begin the program together, follow the same curriculum, and graduate together.
All participants begin with a basic workshop.
All participants begin with an evaluation of their difficulties.
All participants benefit from in-depth interaction with instructors.
All participants benefit from seeing class work published in a professional manner .
All participants benefit from the clinic program.
All participants bow twice to finish the ritual.
All participants call a luxury captained catamaran home for the entire event.
All participants camp out and cook their own meals.
All participants can act both as a payer and as a payee.
All participants can attend.
All participants can become skilled in the process in a minimum of time.
All participants can benefit and learn from the issues discussed.
All participants can benefit from an open exchange of ideas.
All participants can buy and sell seats.
All participants can choose from among thirteen unique programs.
All participants can contribute ideas that improve the final product.
All participants can contribute to discussion.
All participants can download a personalized certificate.
All participants can draw simultaneously and see what others are drawing.
All participants can enter the prize drawing for many wonderful prizes.
All participants can hear both the question and the answer.
All participants can hear both the questions and answers.
All participants can interact via the Internet before, during or after the live programs.
All participants can obtain a copy of the database of past UV readings.
All participants can see the screen of the shared computer.
All participants can see their results posted on a map when they submit information.
All participants can see what the disabled person has achieved.
All participants can use the annotation pen to write and draw on the slides.
All participants can use their experience to solve the particular problem.
All participants check-in, view the safety video, get a tent assignment, etc.
All participants come prepared to stay for the entire session.
All participants come to enjoy jet black skies.
All participants complete a minimum education component.
All participants complete a needs assessment questionnaire prior to their training.
All participants complete a police background check.
All participants complete a team produced community health project.
All participants complete a written business plan as part of the course.
All participants complete the program, considering that it is a onetime program.
All participants confirm that the project submitted is their own original work.
All participants continue to get moderate exercise three times a week.
All participants continue to receive optimal heart-failure therapy throughout the study.
All participants continue with their usual medical care.
All participants contribute.
All participants currently use a deterministic procedure.
All participants dedicate the same chunk of time to class meetings.
All participants dedicate themselves to lives of Christian leadership.
All participants depart after the last meeting.
All participants deserve a pat on the back as it was a very joyous event.
All participants deserve congratulations.
All participants deserve the right to privacy.
All participants desire deeper personal awareness and a sense of meaning and passion in their lives.
All participants destroy an imaginary computer with an imaginary hammer.
All participants discover fascinating, little-known sights in the given area.
All participants display decals in a designated area on their vehicles.
All participants dress in western costumes.
All participants earn a purple ribbon for their performance.
All participants earn one credit hour per semester of participation.
All participants earn one credit hour per semester.
All participants engage in regularly scheduled interviews as well.
All participants enjoy competitive tournament play.
All participants enroll in one core course, two elective courses, and an internship.
All participants enter the paper presentations through the exhibit hall.
All participants evaluate technology staff development sessions.
All participants exit the display areas.
All participants expect positive returns on the international markets.
All participants expect to submit their work to relevant national journals.
All participants experience all conditions in a random order.
All participants feel that there is no terminal point for education.
All participants first ride as passengers in a street car with an instructor.
All participants follow the same curriculum and attend all of the classes together.
All participants follow the same protocol to ensure that information is collected consistently.
All participants form the learning environment.
All participants furnish their own guard equipment.
All participants gather at hotel final sessions.
All participants gather at hotel for final sessions.
All participants gather in a comfortable circle around the central altar.
All participants get a free buffet.
All participants get a golfer's goody bag.
All participants get a prize.
All participants get a raffle ticket.
All participants get a special youth sized race T-shirt.
All participants get copies with registration materials, group critiques work.
All participants get dinner.
All participants get free donuts.
All participants get gifts and participation awards.
All participants get help suiting up as well as instruction on how to play.
All participants get laptop computers.
All participants get two tickets to the opening night performance.
All participants give several sales presentations that are video recorded and critiqued.
All participants go home over the weekend.
All participants go out and close the door.
All participants have a chance to be heard equally and to learn.
All participants have a chance to learn and explore team work in a fun creative way.
All participants have a leader appropriate to their learning needs.
All participants have a responsibility to do a thorough, effective, and expedient job.
All participants have a share of the program s vision and a stake in the outcomes.
All participants have a voice in the experiment.
All participants have access to exchange and participated in discussing all the subjects.
All participants have an equal chance of being assigned to one of the two treatments.
All participants have complete control of the mass spectrometer.
All participants have computer access at home and at work, and indicate high levels of usage.
All participants have costumes brilliantly decorated.
All participants have equal authority in designing and suggesting projects for the organization.
All participants have equal rights and opportunities in communicating issues through the network.
All participants have equal status and an equal opportunity to participate.
All participants have expectations for their involvement in the management planning process.
All participants have income above social security as base.
All participants have intermediate technology experience.
All participants have many years in-depth practical experiences plus strong academic credentials.
All participants have security policies in place.
All participants have the ability to post a new article or discuss any existing topic.
All participants have the opportunity to win a pair of new athletic shoes.
All participants have the option of starting a new item in the Open Space area.
All participants have the right to engage in heated and even passionate debate.
All participants have the right to voice their opinions.
All participants have to agree to keep all the proceedings confidential.
All participants have to be insured.
All participants have to be properly insured.
All participants have to complete an indemnity form before embarking on a trail.
All participants have to fund their own travel to and from Norway.
All participants have to play a defensive position at least every other inning.
All participants involved in mediation agree to keep the procedings confidential and prrivate.
All participants join in the discussion by asking questions and sharing experiences.
All participants keep journals in which they record their research.
All participants keep portfolios of their work.
All participants learn how to juggle three scarves or balls.
All participants learn how to use screenwriting software and create professional looking scripts.
All participants learn peer evaluation.
All participants leave with a course workbook.
All participants leave with a directory of non-profits countywide to facilitate future contacts.
All participants lights the candles.
All participants like to take something home.
All participants line up before the ritual table, with the oldest sonat the center of the line.
All participants listed are from Management.
All participants listen actively.
All participants listen respectfully.
All participants listen to the questions on each others' minds.
All participants live in host families with students and faculty from the host institution.
All participants live in small groups of five to eight women.
All participants live in tents, sleep on the floor and cook their own meals on an open campfire.
All participants live in the same quarters as Japanese staff.
All participants live on campus.
All participants live together in the same residence hall.
All participants live with a German host-family for the first five weeks.
All participants maintain the standards established by the program.
All participants meet in a relaxed atmosphere to debrief about the experience and the interviews.
All participants meet new prospective partners.
All participants much be of legal age.
All participants now use a simplified uniform table to determine minimum distributions.
All participants pay for their course texts and for travel to course weekends.
All participants pay the same transaction charges.
All participants pay weekly for group sessions.
All participants perform at football games, exhibitions, parades, and other performances.
All participants perform in at least one large ensemble during camp.
All participants perform the same experiment and submit their results to the project web site.
All participants play one half of every game from tip off.
All participants play one half of every game.
All participants pledge their word of honor to speak only Spanish, both in and out of the classroom.
All participants pose a question before any are answered.
All participants pose and answer questions.
All participants practice good safety and road etiquette.
All participants practice hypnotic techniques with each other, beginning the first day of class.
All participants practice some form of task or process analysis.
All participants prepare in two ways.
All participants present a synopsis of their work.
All participants presenting talks or posters at the Workshop are welcome to submit papers.
All participants promise to follow a NO release policy under any conditions.
All participants promise to honor the confidentiality of and clinical material discussed.
All participants provide is material in either Braille, large dark print, or tapes.
All participants raise the needed funds to cover project expenses.
All participants read a case on diversity issues and answer a set of short questions.
All participants read a fictitious potential sexual harassment scenario.
All participants read and signed an informed consent form.
All participants really enjoy themselves.
All participants receive a camp T-shirt and a regulation size basketball.
All participants receive a camp T-shirt and skills award.
All participants receive a camp T-shirt, camp awards and meals.
All participants receive a certificate and are eligible for draw prizes.
All participants receive a certificate at the end of their course issued by the school in Russian.
All participants receive a certificate in their honor.
All participants receive a certificate of attendance.
All participants receive a certificate of completion after completing each workshop.
All participants receive a certificate of participation.
All participants receive a certificate suitable for framing.
All participants receive a certificate upon successful completion of each seminar.
All participants receive a certificate.
All participants receive a commemorative gift.
All participants receive a complimentary copy of the forecast.
All participants receive a complimentary lightweight mesh bag for collecting mushrooms.
All participants receive a complimentary meal, free parking and great prizes.
All participants receive a complimentary tournament towel.
All participants receive a comprehensive teaching and practice manual.
All participants receive a comprehensive training manual.
All participants receive a confidential, careful pre-screening by a qualified telephone screener.
All participants receive a cool camp T-shirt.
All participants receive a copy of the limited edition.
All participants receive a copy of the proceedings as part of their registration.
All participants receive a copy of the recipes, in English.
All participants receive a copy, and it is mailed to legal employers across the country.
All participants receive a curriculum guide with background information and detailed lesson plans.
All participants receive a custom disc.
All participants receive a detailed training manual.
All participants receive a dog bone or cat treat.
All participants receive a fellowship covering the full cost of tuition.
All participants receive a free commemorative T-shirt.
All participants receive a free gift.
All participants receive a free set of juggling balls.
All participants receive a free t-shirt and basketball.
All participants receive a free t-shirt as well which they can color if they want.
All participants receive a free t-shirt.
All participants receive a free T-shirt.
All participants receive a FREE T-shirt.
All participants receive a full scholarship, which includes tuition, room and board.
All participants receive a gift when evaluations are turned in at the end of the conference.
All participants receive a handmade map in English.
All participants receive a participation certificate.
All participants receive a prize.
All participants receive a race packet with t-shirt and goodies.
ALL Participants receive a rating award and special gift .
All participants receive a reference binder.
All participants receive a ribbon each night.
All participants receive a ribbon.
All participants receive a scarecrow memento in appreciation of their involvement.
All participants receive a stipend.
All participants receive a stress-reduction kit and audiotape.
All participants receive a tee shirt.
All participants receive a thorough safety and instructional presentation before departing.
All participants receive a tournament T-shirt and bagel breakfast.
All participants receive a training manual and certificate.
All participants receive a t-shirt and a soccer ball.
All participants receive a T-shirt and are eligible for door prizes.
All participants receive a t-shirt and certificate.
All participants receive a t-shirt and completion award.
All participants receive a T-shirt and meals.
All participants receive a T-shirt and patch.
All participants receive a T-shirt and play in each game.
All participants receive a t-shirt and prizes are awarded at the end of the program.
All participants receive a t-shirt and rice goodie bag.
All participants receive a T-shirt and water bottle.
All participants receive a T-shirt for their participation.
All participants receive a T-shirt, camp awards and meals.
All participants receive a T-shirt, lunch and a chance to win great door prizes.
All participants receive a t-shirt.
All participants receive a T-shirt.
All participants receive a workshop manual.
All participants receive all messages sent to list.
All participants receive an attendance certificate.
All participants receive an event tee-shirt and refreshments.
All participants receive an illustrated teacher packet and certificate of participation.
All participants receive an instructional video and curricular materials.
All participants receive an official confirmation of the events for which they have registered.
All participants receive an Unmounted stamp.
All participants receive at least six weeks of nicotine patch and medication treatment.
All participants receive breakfast and lunch.
All participants receive CalWORKs cash aid benefits.
All participants receive careful medical monitoring, including assessment of memory and behavior.
All participants receive certificates and can receive judges comments.
All participants receive certificates for their participation.
All participants receive certificates of completion.
All participants receive certificates of participation.
All participants receive certificates with either a rating of good, honorable mention, or excellent.
All participants receive coaching based on a national curriculum which is updated yearly.
All participants receive commemorative t-shirts.
All participants receive copies of the insurance policies upon acceptance.
All participants receive counseling, care management, advocacy assistance and caring support.
All participants receive detailed information about the structure of their program fee.
All participants receive equal treatment and opportunities.
All participants receive feedback from the department.
All participants receive feedback on their performance.
All participants receive finisher ribbons.
All participants receive four in-home visits with a nurse.
All participants receive free admission to the game.
All participants receive free lesson books and fabulous refreshments.
All participants receive free tattooing.
All participants receive free textbooks with each class offered.
All participants receive free t-shirt.
All participants receive full tuition for all courses required by the program.
All participants receive handouts that are prepared for the workshop.
All participants receive handouts.
All participants receive hands-on materials and lesson plans.
All participants receive incentive awards and gifts.
All participants receive instruction in language and culture.
All participants receive job-search assistance until they obtain employment.
All participants receive leadership development training throughout the program.
All participants receive lunch at the beach.
All participants receive lunches, books, case studies, exercises, and bibliographies.
All participants receive one drug or the other for five years.
All participants receive one or the other drug for five years.
All participants receive overall finish times.
All Participants receive overall finish times.
All participants receive participation awards and a goodie bag.
All participants receive positive support, encouragement and competency building skills.
All participants receive prizes and refreshments are provided.
All participants receive regular exams.
All participants receive ribbons.
All participants receive scholarships.
All participants receive site visits, on-farm spreader calibration and plan development.
All participants receive some reward for recycling aluminum foil.
All participants receive some swimming instruction and water safety.
All participants receive specially prepared manuals and certificates of participation.
All participants receive stipends for their onsite work.
All participants receive tee shirts and post race refreshments.
All participants receive the honor if they complete the requirements stipulated by the award.
All participants receive the same map and the same start time with a one hour time limit.
All participants receive training manuals, and certificates of completion.
All participants receive T-shirts and winners receive trophies.
All participants receive T-shirts.
All participants receive winner ribbons.
All participants receive workbooks and the required certificates of completion.
All participants receive written documentation for their personal records.
All participants receive written feedback on their work as well as a certificate of achievement.
All participants receive, by confidential mail, a detailed analysis of their results.
All participants recieve a certificate of achievement.
All participants recieve a t-shirt.
All participants reconvene to raise questions and discuss the process.
All participants regard each other as colleagues.
All participants regularly communicate and design their Web site entries using the Internet.
All participants remain anonymous.
All participants return to their home turf, announcing victory.
All participants ride beautiful, very well trained, privately maintained horses .
All participants ride beautiful, very well trained, privately maintained horses.
All participants see the current bids, but the source of the bid remains anonymous.
All participants see, hear, and communicate instantaneously.
All participants share a meal and fun time together.
All participants share an equal standing.
All participants share equally the responsibility for arranging a match.
All participants share in the costs of the project.
All participants share in the learning and the responsibility for furthering discussion.
All participants share in the planning, decision making, expense and execution of the adventure.
All participants share in two primary data sources for comparative analysis.
All participants share joint liability for damages in both rooms.
All participants share one common interest - a passion for tarpon fishing.
All participants share the same activity, but no two share the exact same cooking experience.
All participants share the stress of the rapidly increasing price.
All participants sign a one-year lease which can be renewed on an annual basis.
All participants sign a Release of Liability.
All participants sign an affidavit showing that they abide by the same rule.
All participants sign informed consent prior to receiving services.
All participants simply call a long-distance number at their own expense.
All participants sit in a circle.
All participants stand to gain.
All participants start at their s own risk.
All participants start the program in the summer.
All participants start with zero marks.
All participants stay and have meals together to maximize interaction and discussion.
All participants stay in camps and lodges.
All participants stay in the hotel's rooms.
All participants stress that the festival's effects beyond the weekend itself are key.
All participants strive to expand their interests, skills and competencies.
All participants suggest elements and changes.
All participants take daily classes in dance, drama and vocal music.
All participants take full responsibility for statements they enter during the chat.
All participants take home a copy of all the films on a video tape.
All participants take home a plaque.
All participants take home their tape.
All participants take part in specially arranged study excursions and a number of theater visits.
All participants take part.
All participants take the same course of study and progress together through the program.
All participants take writing and algebra courses and a foundations course in critical thinking.
All participants travel to Atlanta for a morning hands on workshop.
All participants undergo a skills assessment to determine additional training needs.
All participants understand English.
All participants understand that any information provided becomes a public record.
All participants use binoculars, and several confirm and detail sightings with spotting scopes.
All participants use binoculars, and several use spotting scopes to confirm and detail sightings.
All participants use great discreetness.
All participants use information technology that is advanced, scalable and evolutionary.
All participants use our gear and are closely supervised.
All participants use the entry form .
All participants utilize learning agreements.
All participants view the updated chart.
All participants watch adult night-time dramas as part of their regular television viewing.
All participants wear a float belt for alignment and floatation support.
All participants wear black gowns, but some make their own additions.
All participants wear water resistance cuffs on their ankles to make the workout more intense.
All participants wear.
All participants welcome.
All participants win prizes according to their level of participation.
All participants wish to see the combined conference continue.
All participants work pro bono .
Any participant bursting into a spontaneous song is also a possibility.
Any participant can add notes or comments on screen.
Any participant can drop money onto the blanket to aid in the powwow expenses.
Any participant can give such a talk, but only one.
Any participant can navigate the web and synchronize the browsers of other participants.
Any participant can navigate the Web and synchronize the browsers of other participants.
Any participant can request one or the other.
Any participant can resize the whiteboard window.
Any participant can save the transcript and do anything they want with it.
Any participant can see the source code for any Web page.
Any participant can share an application .
Any participant can start a conversation.
Any participant can take part in no more than two reports.
Any participant is entitled to cancel registration in the game.
Every participant becomes a devoted organ of propaganda.
Every participant brings a dish.
Every participant can apply for more than one prize category.
Every participant can face any visual presentation.
Every participant can face the speaker.
Every participant can get a school bookmark.
Every participant can hear any speaker.
Every participant can plug in their computer into the desktop power supply and phone lines.
Every participant can see and hear the presenter, and can hear each caller form any location.
Every participant can see the face of every other participant.
Every participant comes away with valuable new insight.
Every participant get a poster on Namibian cultural entomology.
Every participant gets a medal and a big cheer from the crowd.
Every participant gets a medal and has a chance to win a new bike and other great prizes.
Every participant gets a personal Web page.
Every participant gets a unique silver souvenir as a memory of the walk.
Every participant goes home a winner.
Every participant has a good view of the front of the room.
Every participant has access to all communication and changes that go on.
Every participant has an equal chance of being in any group.
Every participant has the opportunity to live with a Chinese roommate.
Every participant has the potential to be a millionaire or billionaire.
Every participant has the right to experience flame.
Every participant has to participate actively in all activities.
Every participant has to weigh that for themselves.
Every participant interacts with everyone else.
Every participant is a challenge, and every placement a goal to be achieved only through hard work.
Every participant is a winner.
Every participant is asked to pay the registration fee.
Every participant is assigned a mentor to reinforce the lessons.
Every participant is assigned a topic for elaboration.
Every participant is assured of being put on a team.
Every participant is cheered into the finish line.
Every participant is encouraged to become the best they want to be.
Every participant is encouraged to consider leadership.
Every participant is important.
Every participant is indicated by a tiny square in the seating chart.
Every participant is reminded of the protocol as they join.
Every participant is required to fill the registration form .
Every participant is required to sign a waiver of liability prior to going on their rafting trip.
Every participant is responsible for keeping the group focused on the topic.
Every participant is responsible for keeping the group on the topic.
Every participant is rewarded with a certificate and a bronze medal.
Every participant is unique.
Every participant is welcome.
Every participant needs to register, including paying the fees.
Every participant plays the role of a judge.
Every participant receives a book to take home to read with their children.
Every participant receives a bookmark and certificate regardless of the number of materials read.
Every participant receives a copy of the Handbook.
Every participant receives a gift package and there are prizes, entertainment and more.
Every participant receives a great gift and each team gets a special coach's prize.
Every participant receives a map.
Every participant receives a t-shirt and a commemorative medallion.
Every participant receives prizes based on the total amount they donate.
Every participant spends two or three hours each morning and each afternoon in scheduled visitation.
Every participant takes a confidentiality oath.
Every participant takes a test run down the hill.
Every participant wins a chance to shake a lulav.
Every participants can expect nice awards.
Many participants act simultaneously both as buyers and sellers, thus enhancing the network effect.
Many participants admit to lying or letting their opinions be influenced by others in the group.
Many participants already hold a doctoral degree.
Many participants also come away with life-long friendships.
Many participants also serve a key role in implementing some of the strategies.
Many participants are academically disadvantaged, at higher risk for scholastic failure and dropout.
Many participants are already in trouble with the law because of poor decision-making.
Many participants are anxious to put their skills to use in a work setting.
Many participants are earth science, middle school and upper elementary teachers.
Many participants are in antebellum attire.
Many participants are industry newcomers seeking to improve their job effectiveness quickly.
Many participants are law professors from around the world.
Many participants are less comfortable in a school-like setting.
Many participants are non-profit organizations.
Many participants are only capable of posting abusive and derogatory remarks.
Many participants are satisfied with working with the agencies.
Many participants are students.
Many participants are surprised to find how well the chardonnay goes with steak.
Many participants are teens from developing countries.
Many participants belong to the ranks of park staff and affiliated academic scientists.
Many participants bookmark the site and check it at least once or twice every day.
Many participants change their allocations when they retire to more conservative choices.
Many participants choose to come back in following years.
Many participants choose to live-in at a residential college for the duration of the program.
Many participants choose to volunteer in the children's ministry.
Many participants claim the program has produced few meaningful reforms.
Many participants collect several thousands of dollars each.
Many participants come back for their fifth or sixth consecutive year.
Many participants come to the program with serious problems.
Many participants comment that they feel very bruised and sore from the seat.
Many participants complain of a sore butt, the first few times they take a spinning class.
Many participants complete their certificate in about one year.
Many participants enroll in our programs and train for successful new careers.
Many participants experience personal healing and growth as a result of our work and travel.
Many participants feed eggshells less deliberately.
Many participants find it very fulfilling to contribute to such research.
Many participants find surveys both fun and enlightening.
Many participants find that several electives can be taken during the fall and the spring terms.
Many participants find the studies interesting and fun.
Many participants find themselves surprised at what they're able to do.
Many participants form camps grouped around community projects.
Many participants get together for sightseeing, movies, shopping, skiing, or hiking.
Many participants get together to rent a car for weekend trips.
Many participants go into engineering and science.
Many participants have friends or relatives who have been incarcerated.
Many participants have some equipment that they bring to the workshop.
Many participants have tight work schedules and competing demands for their time.
Many participants have weekend visitors.
Many participants keep in touch between or after classes, forming their own support systems.
Many participants know the long-distance dilemmas.
Many participants live in communities heavily impacted by dioxin pollution from industries.
Many participants log in daily to answer queries and engage in ongoing discussions.
Many participants look forward to using voice input.
Many participants love it so much they've gone back for repeats.
Many participants make changes based on past performance.
Many participants only watch for a short period at dusk.
Many participants receive full or partial financial assistance from a variety of sources.
Many participants receive school credit through service-learning programs.
Many participants recommend encouraging students to defend their answers in constructive ways.
Many participants refuse to re-consider issues of rules.
Many participants register for multiple sessions.
Many participants relish in the opportunity to compete with themselves and others.
Many participants represent officially an organisation or other structure.
Many participants return the next year to purchase a bottle of the wine they helped make.
Many participants return week after week, while others attend less regularly.
Many participants return year after year to renew golfing friendships and play in a fun tournament.
Many participants return year after year, always finding more to absorb.
Many participants see hydrogen as one of the top candidates.
Many participants see it as an antiquated design that's hindering advances in patient care.
Many participants see the income-generating potential of their new job skills only as a first step.
Many participants see their peace work as sign of their belief or religion.
Many participants seek to further their objectives by influencing the outcomes of the process.
Many participants seem to be emotionally moved.
Many participants sleep on the campus.
Many participants sponsor incentives while offering customer education and contractor training.
Many participants stop by Hiroshima, Nara and Kyoto on their return trip to Tokyo.
Many participants supply bibliographic access to their collections.
Many participants take time off and come back to it sometimes years later.
Many participants train for the big weekend by riding a series of warm-up events.
Many participants travel extensively, often to Europe or Asia.
Many participants use generators, batteries and solar power during the twenty-four hour period.
Many participants use mountain bikes rigged with slick tires and bar ends.
Many participants use the Plan for co-payments and deductibles related to health insurance.
Many participants use their cars day to day, just showing rather than racing.
Many participants view the cash payment as a sudden windfall, and that is a big mistake.
Many participants work in a station with fewer than ten full-time staff.
Many participants work in teams and often exhibit more than one display or presentation.
Many participants work in the service industry, for example waiting tables.
Many participants work in the service industry, for example, waiting tables.
Many participants work together to coordinate a successful and meaningful assignment.
More participants add up to greater savings.
More participants are yet to come.
Most participants adjust and come to enjoy it after a short period of time.
Most participants appreciate having good retirement benefits.
Most participants are able to earn three to six hours of credit toward their majors.
Most participants are amateur and professional artist individuals.
Most participants are amateur artists.
Most participants are between their junior and senior year of high school.
Most participants are candidates and advanced candidates.
Most participants are children and youth, but programs for adults are also welcome.
Most participants are children that are affected by domestic violence.
Most participants are computer literate enough to figure out how to run the Web site.
Most participants are elderly but programs can serve younger individuals who qualify.
Most participants are from the local community or are on an extended stay in the area.
Most participants are from the U.S., but there are also people from other countries.
Most participants are from UK, USA, Australia and New Zealand.
Most participants are generally in their junior or senior year during their period abroad.
Most participants are health care agencies that participate in a formal peer-review process.
Most participants are Hispanic, low income and motivated to learn and grow.
Most participants are in their sophomore or junior year.
Most participants are indigent.
Most participants are joggers or weekend athletes only.
Most participants are journalism majors or at least have a strong interest in broadcasting.
Most participants are male, between thirty-one to sixty years of age.
Most participants are married and living with spouses.
Most participants are members of both groups.
Most participants are minorities, and many have faced economic adversity all of their lives.
Most participants are nyckelharpa players, but it's open to fiddle players as well.
Most participants are pork producers from several types of operations.
Most participants are preteen and early teen girls enrolled in middle and high school.
Most participants are therefore rather safe.
Most participants are women with young children.
Most participants ask teachers.
Most participants attend classes part time.
Most participants attend simply to learn or re-sharpen their outdoors skills.
Most participants believe, however, that the results are worth the effort.
Most participants bring along a change of clothes.
Most participants bring their own bikes however high quality mountain bikes are available for rent.
Most participants can leverage their existing files and information easily.
Most participants can take the certification test six weeks after starting the program.
Most participants choose diets.
Most participants choose to fast while on their solo, consuming only water.
Most participants choose to remain in public service following the internship.
Most participants choose to work one semester, either Fall or Spring.
Most participants come from area high school football teams.
Most participants come from Finland and Russia but there is one from Mexico and one from Austria.
Most participants come from Illinois high schools.
Most participants come from Illinois, Indiana and Kentucky.
Most participants come with little or no previous experience in the wilderness.
Most participants compare approaches.
Most participants compete in tests.
Most participants complete the modular study programme in three years.
Most participants consider roles.
Most participants consume calories.
Most participants consume diets.
Most participants consume normal diets.
Most participants consume soup.
Most participants consume usual diets.
Most participants consume vegetable soup.
Most participants continue to add the spoiler tag well after the paperback version appears.
Most participants discuss investigations.
Most participants discuss topics.
Most participants discuss ways.
Most participants do live on campus and enjoy their stay.
Most participants drink water.
Most participants eat balance diets.
Most participants eat diets.
Most participants eat fat diets.
Most participants eat food.
Most participants eat fry food.
Most participants eat regular meals, including occasional meals at restaurants.
Most participants eat usual diets.
Most participants eat vegetables.
Most participants enjoy the team building exercises that end the working session of the Retreat.
Most participants experience breakthroughs to deeper levels of intimacy and trust.
Most participants explore issues.
Most participants express feelings.
Most participants expresses themselves openly, honestly and directly.
Most Participants feel rugby provides a necessary release from the scholastic workload.
Most participants feel that it's a bracing appraisal of a harsh reality.
Most participants find casual work within five days of arrival.
Most participants find evidence.
Most participants find it convenient to live on campus or nearby.
Most participants find the service from their health care providers to be good.
Most participants finish their doctor s thesis within four years, calculated as full years study.
Most participants finish well under the two hour maximum.
Most participants follow consent.
Most participants gain mass.
Most participants gain muscle mass.
Most participants get chances.
Most participants give consent.
Most participants go abroad in their junior or senior year.
Most participants go as teams.
Most participants go during the summer after their junior year.
Most participants have directional responses.
Most participants have domestic partners.
Most participants have grandparents.
Most participants have height.
Most participants have illnesses.
Most participants have jobs and pay for their own vacations.
Most participants have levels.
Most participants have no idea of the risks they are taking on.
Most participants have opportunity.
Most participants have partners.
Most participants have plasma.
Most participants have regular jobs and normal interests.
Most participants have responses.
Most participants have responsibility for mathematics and science curricula.
Most participants have rooms.
Most participants have separate rooms.
Most participants have several instruments.
Most participants have sex partners.
Most participants have some form of arthritis or neuromuscular pain.
Most participants have their first investment experience inside their retirement plan.
Most participants have to wait six months to attend.
Most participants have unique opportunity.
Most Participants have, or are at risk for, cardiovascular disease or stroke.
Most participants identify constraints.
Most participants increase activities.
Most participants increase physical activities.
Most participants indicate that they use their computer on a daily basis.
Most participants ingest heavy water.
Most participants know someone who has lost their job because of changes in an industry.
Most participants learn skills.
Most participants learn through trial and error.
Most participants leave excited, some angry, but everyone is deeply moved.
Most participants live in areas.
Most participants live in regions.
Most participants live off campus in apartments.
Most participants live on base, but some stay in hotels or live with a family.
Most participants live with Danish families.
Most participants log in for a total of one hour each week for the length of each roundtable.
Most participants lose their money.
Most participants lose weight.
Most participants manufacture a wide range of products, frequently in both subdivisions.
Most participants move their registration fee to another course.
Most participants now have their own language-learning websites which are linked here .
Most participants now have their own language-learning websites which are linked here.
Most participants participate in teams.
Most participants place the banners at the bottom of the page.
Most participants prefer business casual .
Most participants prefer business casual.
Most participants protect wealth.
Most participants provide consent.
Most participants provide samples.
Most participants raise money to sponsor their own walk ahead of time.
Most participants read their mail daily or almost daily.
Most participants receive a free physical exam and medication.
Most participants receive a free physical examination and medication.
Most participants receive food.
Most participants receive invitation.
Most participants receive treatments.
Most participants rely on memory.
Most participants rent cars.
Most participants report appropriate disposal of syringes.
Most participants report better relationships with their children.
Most participants report social interaction as a benefit of tree plantings.
Most participants report symptoms.
Most participants respond to conditions.
Most participants respond to questionnaires.
Most participants return annually.
Most participants return to parish ministry.
Most participants say it transforms their experience of communication.
Most participants see results.
Most participants seek to blend the demands of the program with concurrent full time employment.
Most participants share thoughts.
Most participants show reductions.
Most participants speak Spanish as their primary language and are economically at a disadvantage.
Most participants start calorie diets.
Most participants start diets.
Most participants stay for breakfast.
Most participants support services.
Most participants take part in the meal program.
Most participants take vitamins.
Most participants try to better their score.
Most participants undergo measurements.
Most participants undergo protocols.
Most participants undergo treatment protocols.
Most participants use e-mail for national or international communications.
Most participants use their sleeping bags.
Most participants view advertisements.
Most participants work in colleges or universities.
Most participants work in higher education.
Most participants work in local news.
Most participants work with airlines that provide service to Jamaica.
Most participants work with multinational companies and have international experience.
Most participants work with multinational companies and have significant international experience.
Some participants achieve healthy weight.
Some participants achieve weight.
Some participants acquire access to disproportionate meeting resources.
Some participants add daily diets.
Some participants add diets.
Some participants adopt diets.
Some participants adopt vegetarian diets.
Some participants agree that most of the main questions in the domain have been solved.
Some participants already have some experience with radio, television or journalism.
Some participants already work on campaigns.
Some participants also are homeless.
Some participants also have tendencies.
Some participants apply approaches.
Some participants apply deep learn approaches.
Some participants are a bit shell-shocked by the class's format.
Some participants are actually well-informed and are good sources of information.
Some participants are also willing to conduct their own popular workshops.
Some participants are diagnosed with cancer.
Some participants are new artists showing their work publicly for the first time.
Some participants are regulars who show up for free nail trims and massages.
Some participants arrange interviews in advance, but a firm job offer in advance is rare.
Some participants attend only the first week.
Some participants begin margarines.
Some participants begin substitute margarines.
Some participants benefit from forest management.
Some participants benefit from management.
Some participants benefit from sustainable forest management.
Some participants benefit from sustainable management.
Some participants breakdown the vega risks into finer gradients or decimals.
Some participants bring a younger partner, adult child or friend.
Some participants carry copies.
Some participants change behaviour.
Some participants change diets.
Some participants choose approaches.
Some participants choose natural approaches.
Some participants choose to complete the degree in four or five summers.
Some participants collect plant specimens.
Some participants collect specimens.
Some participants come for an hour.
Some participants come with nothing more than a stick, a potato and an old dishrag.
Some participants commit murder.
Some participants complete activities.
Some participants concede that their performance is a stretch.
Some participants consume alcohol.
Some participants consume grapefruit.
Some participants consume meat.
Some participants consume tea.
Some participants decide to wait to purchase service until just before they retire.
Some participants demonstrate excretion.
Some participants demonstrate levels.
Some participants develop cancer.
Some participants develop food poison.
Some participants develop lung cancer.
Some participants develop poison.
Some participants discuss issues.
Some participants discuss problems.
Some participants do all of the above, some only one.
Some participants earn a stipend while learning.
Some participants eat cereals.
Some participants eat chocolate.
Some participants eat dark chocolate.
Some participants eat fruit.
Some participants eat grain.
Some participants eat grapefruit.
Some participants eat meals.
Some participants eat plants.
Some participants eat whole fruit.
Some participants eat whole grain.
Some participants enter villages.
Some participants even fall into a very restful sleep.
Some participants even find time to play a round of golf.
Some participants even tour wildlife preserves, electric power plants or coal mines.
Some participants examine properties.
Some participants exhibit minute ventilation.
Some participants exhibit ventilation.
Some participants experience adverse effects.
Some participants express concern.
Some participants favor creating criteria for membership.
Some participants favor the project, while others disapprove of the idea.
Some participants feel threatened about revealing their weaknesses in front of others.
Some participants focus on part time income of several hundred dollars per month.
Some participants follow diets.
Some participants follow factors.
Some participants follow healthy lifestyle factors.
Some participants follow lifestyle factors.
Some participants follow omnivorous diets.
Some participants forage for food.
Some participants gain appreciation.
Some participants gain pounds.
Some participants gain weight.
Some participants gather at the tables, talking over what they have seen.
Some participants get blank etiquette cards.
Some participants get counsel.
Some participants get frustrated and consider the meetings a waste of time.
Some participants get intensive counsel.
Some participants go into status.
Some participants have access to multiple servers.
Some participants have beetroot juice.
Some participants have blood glucose.
Some participants have bowel movement.
Some participants have chances.
Some participants have coverage.
Some participants have diets.
Some participants have excretion.
Some participants have juice.
Some participants have lower scores.
Some participants have lower total scores.
Some participants have movement.
Some participants have negative outcomes.
Some participants have other concerns, however.
Some participants have outcomes.
Some participants have percent reductions.
Some participants have potassium excretion.
Some participants have problems.
Some participants have ranges.
Some participants have reductions.
Some participants have scores.
Some participants have sodium excretion.
Some participants have substantial resources, some none.
Some participants have sugar metabolism problems.
Some participants have total scores.
Some participants have urine sodium excretion.
Some participants have workshops.
Some participants have years.
Some participants head for the door while others linger.
Some participants hunt pheasants.
Some participants identify ecologists.
Some participants improve symptoms.
Some participants increase consumption.
Some participants increase fluid consumption.
Some participants increase intake.
Some participants increase water intake.
Some participants insist on making the asertions no matter what is done.
Some participants invite speakers.
Some participants land an overseas assignment almost immediately.
Some participants learn about biology.
Some participants learn to fish.
Some participants like to come early and leave late to take in area attractions.
Some participants live alone.
Some participants lose pounds.
Some participants maintain daily eat habits.
Some participants maintain daily habits.
Some participants maintain eat habits.
Some participants maintain habits.
Some participants maintain usual eat habits.
Some participants maintain usual habits.
Some participants make dog tags in a sheltered workshop environment for issuance by the state.
Some participants make great strides and really get somewhere.
Some participants nod off, but most seem clearly moved.
Some participants pay their own tuition.
Some participants possess horses.
Some participants prefer to pay their own fees without company assistance.
Some participants prefer to wear swimwear under their clothing.
Some participants prepare meals.
Some participants prepare own meals.
Some participants provide identification.
Some participants provide judgment.
Some participants provide specimens.
Some participants provide spot urine specimens.
Some participants react negatively to the mechanical nature of the sorting and rating procedures.
Some participants recall awareness.
Some participants receive a stipend.
Some participants receive amounts.
Some participants receive financial support from their own governments or employers.
Some participants receive meals.
Some participants receive scholarships to assist in their music and speech studies.
Some participants receive trains.
Some participants receive tubes.
Some participants report a lack of fear and the ability to be in control.
Some participants report consumption.
Some participants report hunger.
Some participants report seafood consumption.
Some participants report smoke.
Some participants report that they're even being recruited by other potential employers.
Some participants require documentation.
Some participants respond to treatments.
Some participants return for a second and third year.
Some participants return to safe zones.
Some participants return to zones.
Some participants ride animals.
Some participants ride camels.
Some participants say it's something they enjoy just for the experience of giving.
Some participants say they felt lost.
Some participants search for snakes.
Some participants share recipes.
Some participants show improvement.
Some participants simply wish to engage in extended discussion about teaching.
Some participants spend all day, some just a couple of hours.
Some participants sport feather headdresses and face paint.
Some participants state it has had a major impact on their understanding of ministry today.
Some participants submit projections.
Some participants take other players' statements and actions as personal attacks.
Some participants take trains.
Some participants take vinegar.
Some participants undergo control trials.
Some participants undergo trials.
Some participants understand permission.
Some participants use backup generators.
Some participants use flashlights.
Some participants use inspections.
Some participants use questionnaires.
Some participants use short questionnaires.
Some participants use their real names, and others use pseudonyms.
Some participants use visual inspections.
Some participants view ads.
Some participants wear comfortable shoes.
Some participants wear rain coats and others wear garbage bags.
Some participants wear shoes.
Some participants work at institutions.
Some participants work on critical issues.
Some participants work on issues.
Some participants work through their lunchtime.
Some participants write short stories.
Some participants write stories.
Participation awards go to all junior contestants.
Participation certificates are available upon request.
Participation Constraints Use a double-line to indicate a mandatory relationship .
Participation criteria exists.
Participation rate governs the premium.
Participation rates are also too low to allow for a full team.
Participation rates are good.
Participation rates are higher in Canadian households with higher educational attainment.
Participation rates are higher in Canadian households with higher household income.
Participation rates are low.
Participation rates are lower in what was once East Germany.
Participation rates continue to grow.
Participation rates refer to the percentage of each age cohort that is in the labour force.
Participation rates rise accordingly with higher salaries.
Participation rates vary by program component.
Participation rates vary greatly by municipality with generally less participation in urban areas.
Participation activates treatment benefits.
Participation affects different victims in very different ways.
Participation allows individuals to recreate as their schedule permits.
Participation allows local people to speak for themselves.
Participation allows networking with colleagues.
Participation allows the offender, basically, to trade jail time for treatment.
Participation allows Vietnam to receive modern demining equipment and related assistance.
Participation also aids in dealing with conflicting interests in a peaceful manner.
Participation also applies to online discussions and activities.
Participation also can earn credit.
Participation also carries certain responsibilities and potential pitfalls.
Participation also consumes time.
Participation also contributes to progress in understanding autism and a better future.
Participation also counts.
Participation also helps to ensure greater accountability.
Participation also includes active involvement in field trips.
Participation also includes asking pertinent questions.
Participation also includes being prepared for class by having the assigned readings completed.
Participation also includes contributing to class and small group discussions.
Participation also includes expressing ideas, asking, and answering questions.
Participation also includes handing assignments in on time.
Participation also includes weekly preparation for class, and contributions to the bulletin board.
Participation also includes weekly preparation for class.
Participation also involves at least one class preparation and two class presentations.
Participation also involves preparation of homework assignments before class.
Participation also leads to the exchange of both ideas and plants.
Participation also means creative use of resources when exploring each topic.
Participation also means taking the extra step to help others stay safe.
Participation also means the quality of participation.
Participation also means turning in assigned work on time.
Participation also needs to be representative of all broad groups of the population.
Participation also provides a sense of community and teamwork.
Participation also provides an opportunity for job diversity and cross-training.
Participation also raises money to fund heart and stroke research and education.
Participation also requires completion of homework exercises.
Participation assists the laboratory in maintaining high quality standards.
Participation assumes one's presence in class.
Participation assumes practical mastery of the modern Persian language.
Participation assumes the successful completion of the Management Series or equivalent instruction.
Participation automatically terminates at the end of the calendar year.
Participation Be there.
Participation becomes assault.
Participation begins after one year of service.
Participation begins immediately upon hire.
Participation begins on the date of eligible employment and is optional.
Participation begins the first day of the month following attainment of eligibility.
Participation begins the first day of the month following the first day of employment.
Participation begins the first full month following admission.
Participation begins the first of the month coinciding with or immediately following eligibility.
Participation begins the first of the month coinciding with, or immediately following, eligibility.
Participation begins the first pay period after the employee signs enrollment forms.
Participation begins the second month of the semester.
Participation begins with education and culture.
Participation begins with the first day of legal practice.
Participation benefits everyone and provides direction.
Participation brings many benefits to the business.
Participation builds a better democracy.
Participation builds character and promotes physical fitness.
Participation builds commitment.
Participation builds momentum.
Participation builds self-confidence in one's knowledge base.
Participation calls for e-commerce which in turn requires transactions to be fulfilled.
Participation can add to their resume as well.
Participation can also be anonymous.
Participation can also earn hours toward recertification.
Participation can also include on-line commentary through the course listserv.
Participation can also result in better understanding of goals.
Participation can be a bonus activity recognized by prospective employers.
Participation can be a one-time activity or ongoing.
Participation can be all-inclusive so that the resulting budget is fully and widely owned.
Participation can be as simple as providing the residential addresses of canine cocci cases.
Participation can be costly.
Participation can be either through an official sponsorship or by hiring an exhibit space.
Participation can be flexible, with people involved on an as-needed basis.
Participation can be for a semester or an academic year.
Participation can be for either an individual or a group of two or four people.
Participation can be for one or more quarters, and course credit is optional.
Participation can be full or part-time.
Participation can be fun and exhilarating.
Participation can be in person or by conference call for committee meetings.
Participation can be in person or by telephone conference.
Participation can be informal or via professional association.
Participation can be on a daily or weekly basis.
Participation can be on a regular, weekly basis or one time only.
Participation can be simple or it can be difficult but either way it can be done.
Participation can be through sensors, effectors, and other computational resources.
Participation can be very rewarding.
Participation can be voluntary or mandatory as part of differentiation.
Participation can become a pivotal experience.
Participation can change negative attitudes into positive ones at very fundamental levels.
Participation can even extend to parents' leading classroom activities in which they have expertise.
Participation can help raise one's grade, but can never hurt.
Participation can improve prospects for success in college study and later careers.
Participation can include encouragement, promotion or even reporting.
Participation can mean many things.
Participation can mean more informants and therefore richer data.
Participation can occur directly or through legitimate representatives.
Participation can range from attendance, to assistance in logistics, to speaking or presenting.
Participation can range from brief telephone conversations or e-mail dialogues to personal visits.
Participation can range from writing, editing, graphic design and advertising sales.
Participation can result in great bodily injury, even death.
Participation can take multiple forms.
Participation can take place on any single training date or for all six.
Participation can take the form of questions, comments, or answers.
Participation can thus mean many things.
Participation combines a variety of factors.
Participation comes from research teams, classroom projects, internships, and volunteers.
Participation comes in many forms.
Participation comes via chat rooms.
Participation consists of asking questions, making comments, and contributing to class discussions.
Participation consists of both requested and volunteered responses.
Participation consists of completing four units of content, two exams, and two surveys.
Participation consists of full-time observation and teaching for the entire semester.
Participation consists of more than simply speaking up in class.
Participation consists solely in answering the posted question.
Participation constitutes acceptance of all terms and conditions.
Participation constitutes an important part of the final grade.
Participation continues to grow.
Participation continues to increase as do the many and varied opportunities offered.
Participation contributes a great deal to learning.
Participation contributes to a wholesome, stable, and balanced personality.
Participation contributes to growth.
Participation contributes to job growth.
Participation controls the destiny of the center and recycling saves tax dollars .
Participation costs nothing.
Participation counts towards the final grade.
Participation creates a series of reciprocal relationships with other network participants.
Participation creates discussion, argument, and exchange of intellectualprofit.
Participation creates ownership .
Participation delivers powerful results at the project and program level.
Participation demands substantial student financial output.
Participation Demonstrates active participation and interest in the association.
Participation demonstrates clarity, relevance, precision, and timeliness.
Participation depends largely upon the desire of the individual student.
Participation depends on company specific rules.
Participation depends on one s socioeconomic background.
Participation depends on the thorough development of each individual's potentialities.
Participation depends on the weather.
Participation depends on whether they turn up their noses or their thumbs.
Participation depends upon supervisory approval.
Participation depends upon the individual's level of competence and upon ski conditions.
Participation depends upon the plans and promotional needs of the various departments.
Participation Do demand an active role in the project.
Participation does differ but the outcomes remain largely the same.
Participation does require the environmental technology be available for sale.
Participation does, however, mean more than being physically present.
Participation encourages creativity and exploration.
Participation ends upon termination.
Participation enhances personal interpretations of, and responses to, literature.
Participation enhances the public's ability to understand and cope with emerging global challenges.
Participation entails active involvement in the discussion of the texts and of grammar exercises.
Participation entails no military obligation.
Participation expands the knowledgebase of key technical staff.
Participation expands to include things, like watching.
Participation familiarizes children with safety tips.
Participation focuses on the role of the parts in the whole.
Participation generally leads to high levels of acceptance.
Participation generally peaks in periods of high unemployment, inflation and recession.
Participation generally requires the presence of at least one of three criteria below.
Participation generates a sense of belonging.
Participation gets results.
Participation gives employees a special pride of ownership.
Participation goes beyond the groups and individuals traditionally involved in leadership roles.
Participation goes to a whole new level.
Participation greatly contributes to students' development, leadership skills, and success.
Participation grows each year.
Participation has a greater effect on worker satisfaction than on performance.
Participation has a significant impact on intellectual, personal and professional development.
Participation has considerable merit for many companies and our fees are totally success based.
Participation has no academic prerequisite and membership is free to any child who wishes to join.
Participation has no effect on anyones candidacy.
Participation has to be improved in number and coverage of users groups.
Participation has two components, access to information and the right to decision-making.
Participation helps build a strong community support system for otherwise isolated older adults.
Participation helps develop an individual's lawyering abilities.
Participation helps fight pollution and conserves a valuable natural resource.
Participation helps guarantee the success of policies and also minimizes conflicts.
Participation helps meet people's needs.
Participation helps promote the program and brings recognition to our younger patrons.
Participation helps to develop an individual's skills.
Participation here is higher than any other state.
Participation implies acceptance of all rules and conditions.
Participation implies agreement with the forgoing.
Participation implies attendance.
Participation implies democracy.
Participation implies insiders' knowledge of how to behave competently.
Participation implies more than mere presence in the class.
Participation implies support or lack thereof, of the proposal.
Participation improves motivation and engages more senses that reinforce the learning process.
Participation includes a blood sample and several ultrasound exams.
Participation includes a comprehensive diagnostic evaluation.
Participation includes a free diagnostic assessment, a physical and laboratory evaluation.
Participation includes a free medical evaluation.
Participation includes a pain and knee mobility assessment prior to and following surgery.
Participation includes a wide variety of professional activities and project assignments.
Participation includes active involvement in discussions and raising related questions or issues.
Participation includes active presence in class and proof of homework preparation.
Participation includes activities such as coding data, participating in surveys, etc.
Participation includes arts development, voluntary arts and arts in education projects.
Participation includes asking questions and propeling the class into interesting discussions.
Participation includes attendance and active involvement in class activities.
Participation includes attendance and any homework assigned.
Participation includes attendance and punctuality.
Participation includes attendance and quality of participation in class.
Participation includes attendance, class discussions and professionals.
Participation includes attendance, participation in discussions, asking questions, etc.
Participation includes attendance, speaking in class, and asking and answering questions.
Participation includes attending a specified number of seminars each semester.
Participation includes attending class and contributing to a positive learning environment.
Participation includes being in class regularly.
Participation includes both active discussion in class and responding to others' papers online.
Participation includes both attendance and informed discussion .
Participation includes both group and individual activities.
Participation includes case studies, exercises, problem assignment, and periodic exams.
Participation includes class discussion and any in-class assignments, such as quizzes.
Participation includes class discussion and presentations.
Participation includes coming to class prepared, listening attentively, and sharing ideas.
Participation includes faculty and graduate students from academic institutions worldwide.
Participation includes filling out a questionnaire and having pelvic exams and tissue biopsies.
Participation includes financial contributions as well as volunteer hours.
Participation includes getting on E-mail in a timely fashion.
Participation includes initiating, signing, or acting in a decision-making role.
Participation includes listening as well as speaking.
Participation includes lunch and a special book-signing at the end of the day.
Participation includes more than mere attendance, but meaningful contributions to the organization.
Participation includes peer feedback and class presentations.
Participation includes performance, conducting, and graduate-level assistance.
Participation includes practicing with a varsity team.
Participation includes preparation, cooperation, and a commitment to the group.
Participation includes preparation, practice, and travel to intercollegiate forensic tournaments.
Participation includes preparedness for class through assigned readings.
Participation includes quantitative, relevant, and qualitative discussion of material.
Participation includes raising questions as well as points of clarification or debate.
Participation includes reading essays and in-class discussions.
Participation includes reading the assigned materials before class.
Participation includes regular and prompt attendance.
Participation includes regular attendance and informed contributions to the discussion.
Participation includes representatives from statistical offices and international organizations.
Participation includes required readings and assignments.
Participation includes scenery, props, costume, or lighting.
Participation includes seminar presentation on a current issue in nutrition.
Participation includes several advantages for the provider.
Participation includes taking part in class discussions and completing ungraded written assignments.
Participation includes that students have read the assigned texts before class.
Participation includes the completion of short written assignments, group discussions, and quizzes.
Participation includes the graceful arts of preparing the space beforehand and clean-up afterward.
Participation includes the number of students, practitioners, nurses or health care professionals.
Participation includes thoughtful comments and active, respectful listening to others.
Participation includes, driving game, kicking brush, etc.
Participation increases a sense of ownership and control.
Participation increases every semester because people like the way the program is set up.
Participation increases flexibility, stamina, range of motion.
Participation indicates full time status.
Participation indicates the student is actively engaged in the learning process.
Participation insures a voice in issues affecting the hard-working employees in public employment.
Participation involves a confidential interview and a blood draw.
Participation involves a confidential research interview and a blood sample.
Participation involves a one-hour visit in the home, scheduled at the family s convenience.
Participation involves a one-hour visit to the laboratory.
Participation involves a one-time visit, which includes a blood pressure check, and a blood draw.
Participation involves a simple five step process.
Participation involves a two-hour interview and a blood sample.
Participation involves action and connection.
Participation involves actively contributing in workshops.
Participation involves after school competition and practice.
Participation involves attending a total of six one-hour sessions.
Participation involves both quality and quantity of comments.
Participation involves brief weekly outpatient visits.
Participation involves completing a one page, double sided questionnaire.
Participation involves completing a questionnaire and collection of a cheek cell sample.
Participation involves completing the brief questionnaire that follows.
Participation involves completion of a short written questionnaire and donation of a blood sample.
Participation involves completion of assigned problems, exercises and discussion questions.
Participation involves completions.
Participation involves donating a small blood sample and obtaining eye exam records.
Participation involves having an interview with a psychiatrist and having a small blood smple taken.
Participation involves memory, problem-solving and drinking questionnaires.
Participation involves more than responding in class.
Participation involves more than simply talking in class.
Participation involves no expenses.
Participation involves providing DNA samples, which can be done long distance.
Participation involves responding to conference topics and postings by other students.
Participation involves responsibilities, however.
Participation involves several interviews, a brief exam of the children and a small blood sample.
Participation involves several small blood draws on a yearly basis.
Participation involves some interviews, cognitive testing, and blood draw.
Participation involves two brief visits to mother and baby in the home.
Participation involves watching the presentation.
Participation is a basic right for all.
Participation is a big factor in succeeding in any activity.
Participation is a big part of the laboratory experience.
Participation is a clear sign that a student is paying attention to the professor.
Participation is a collective exercise.
Participation is a combination of attendance and discussion participation.
Participation is a combination of attendance, discussion participation, and quizzes.
Participation is a combination of contributions in class and attendance.
Participation is a combination of preparation before class and engagement within the class.
Participation is a commitment for six issues, the term of a one-year contract.
Participation is a complicated process which has revolutionised development work.
Participation is a component of the lab grade.
Participation is a core concept.
Participation is a critical part of the artistic and academic experiences.
Participation is a family decision and is provided on a voluntary basis only.
Participation is a fundamental right of citizenship.
Participation is a great way to encourage youth skiers to adopt the sport.
Participation is a great way to meet people and make new friends.
Participation is a group action
Participation is a human right.
Participation is a key characteristic of a well-functioning group.
Participation is a key element in the introduction of teams.
Participation is a key element in utilizing diversity in positive ways.
Participation is a key issue.
Participation is a large part of the college experience.
Participation is a lot more than just showing up.
Participation is a matter of choice.
Participation is a matter of individual choice.
Participation is a much better guarantee of stability than exclusion.
Participation is a necessary and important part of the course.
Participation is a prerequisite for any girl with realistic aspirations to play college ball.
Participation is a privilege of membership.
Participation is a privilege.
Participation is a process of democratisation.
Participation is a process where people take an active role in shaping their lives and communities.
Participation is a red herring.
Participation is a regular requirement of all graduate students.
Participation is a requirement for graduation.
Participation is a requirement in all courses.
Participation is a simple matter of logging on.
Participation is a somewhat different issue, more to do with action than research.
Participation is a subjective judgment at best.
Participation is a subjective perception and observation of each individual s class participation.
Participation is a two step process.
Participation is a valuable component of the learning process.
Participation is a value that needs to be enhanced and promoted in all our efforts.
Participation is a vital part of the learning process.
Participation is a vital part of the work.
Participation is a way to grow, individually, while protecting homes and beliefs.
Participation is about breaking down barriers.
Participation is about people, either as individuals or in groups.
Participation is absolutely free, and all information is strictly confidential.
Participation is absolutely free, simple and no special entry form is required.
Participation is absolutely free.
Participation is absolutely voluntary.
Participation is active engagement in the world.
Participation is aided by increased exposure.
Participation is aimed at children in the second and sixth grade.
Participation is all-important.
Participation is also an excellent activity to add to any resume.
Participation is also central to contemporary strategies for reducing poverty.
Participation is also dependent upon time and personnel available.
Participation is also important for sharing and discussion of ideas in class.
Participation is also important.
Participation is also mandatory.
Participation is also ongoing in the Pre-conception to Six initiative.
Participation is also open to other organisations which have an interest in fighting osteoporosis.
Participation is also open to software developers.
Participation is also very important.
Participation is always beneficial.
Participation is always encouraged and attendance is required.
Participation is always encouraged but never forced.
Participation is always voluntary .
Participation is always voluntary and can be terminated at any time.
Participation is always voluntary and confidential.
Participation is always voluntary.
Participation is an active rather than a passive process.
Participation is an area that is fraught with definitional difficulties.
Participation is an attempt to change such conditions.
Participation is an effective way to get more of the senses involved and increase the learning.
Participation is an enriching and broadening experience.
Participation is an essential and important component to the learning process.
Participation is an essential aspect of the class.
Participation is an essential component of successful and lasting development.
Participation is an essential element in an interpersonal communication class.
Participation is an essential part of the course.
Participation is an extra credit item in French classes.
Participation is an important factor in learning.
Participation is an important factor in the campaign's success.
Participation is an important part of the course.
Participation is an important part of the learning process.
Participation is an important scholarship criteria.
Participation is an indispensable element for improving development and democracy worldwide.
Participation is an individual effort making no demands on other team members or coaches.
Participation is an individual parent decision.
Participation is an inseparable aspect of adult education.
Participation is an integral component on the course.
Participation is an integral part of the decision making process.
Participation is an ongoing process.
Participation is an ungraded student responsibility.
Participation is anonymous and confidential.
Participation is anonymous and free of cost.
Participation is anonymous, and the results are posted free for the public.
Participation is another important measure of power.
Participation is appreciated.
Participation is arranged individually for interested students.
Participation is arranged with individual faculty members and departments.
Participation is as much a problem as it is a solution, as much a goal as a tool.
Participation is as varied as our members.
Participation is assessed as follows.
Participation is assessed daily and involves both a quantity and quality evaluation.
Participation is assessed in two ways - by quantity of participation and quality of participation.
Participation is at a considerably reduced rate for members.
Participation is at no cost to the student.
Participation is at no direct cost to UK companies.
Participation is at self-cost and registration is done on the enclosed form.
Participation is at the complainant's own expense.
Participation is at the discretion of the trip leader.
Participation is at the heart of our purpose.
Participation is at the heart of what a democracy means.
Participation is at the option of the producers.
Participation is at the person's own risk.
Participation is available by pre-registration only.
Participation is available exclusively to PMAA member authorities.
Participation is available for any time slot.
Participation is available for the entire U.S. or for each of nine regions.
Participation is available in a wide range of artistic and technical areas.
Participation is available on a first come, first serve basis, and by appointment only.
Participation is available, free of charge, within the two semesters following graduation.
Participation is avaliable at two levels.
Participation is based entirely upon the recommendation of the private teacher.
Participation is based on a first come first serve basis and space is limited.
Participation is based on academic standing and athletic ability.
Participation is based on an agreement between local communities and the federal government.
Participation is based on an application and review process.
Participation is based on an application process.
Participation is based on annual family income.
Participation is based on criteria that includes the vendors reputation and worldwide reach.
Participation is based on income levels.
Participation is based on interest and ability.
Participation is based on interest rather than experience or skill level.
Participation is based on interest rather than skill level.
Participation is based on quality, but some level of quantity is also necessary.
Participation is based on staff and parent referrals.
Participation is based on the district recommendation of an educator and tuition.
Participation is based on voluntariness.
Participation is based upon the completion of classroom assignments and proper school conduct.
Participation is bases on the date of the subscription.
Participation is basic for political development.
Participation is basically free of charge.
Participation is beneficial in both departments.
Participation is beneficial to colleges in two ways.
Participation is better than isolation.
Participation is both a right and a responsibility of Co-op membership.
Participation is both welcome and encouraged.
Participation is by application to the city of Alexandria.
Participation is by application.
Participation is by appointment only .
Participation is by appointment only, and program enrollment is limited.
Participation is by approved application and small donation fee.
Participation is by area runners, students, alumni, professionals and faculty.
Participation is by arrangement with individual faculty members.
Participation is by audition only.
Participation is by audition.
Participation is by competitive application.
Participation is by election or appointment.
Participation is by individual contributors, rather than by representatives of organizations.
Participation is by individual contributors.
Participation is by invitation and application.
Participation is by invitation of the director.
Participation is by invitation of the professor.
Participation is by invitation only .
Participation is by invitation only and at the discretion of the existing Round Table Members.
Participation is by invitation only and space is limited .
Participation is by invitation only based on submitted papers.
Participation is by invitation only, and it is a non-endorsement program.
Participation is by Invitation only, due to limited space.
Participation is by invitation only, ensuring an audience of high-level decision makers.
Participation is by invitation only.
Participation is by Invitation only.
Participation is by invitation, and requests for invitations of new participants are always welcome.
Participation is by invitation, based on submission of a position paper to the program chairs.
Participation is by invitation, for projects submitted according to the procedures outlined below.
Participation is by invitation.
Participation is by invitation-only.
Participation is by nomination .
Participation is by nomination and application.
Participation is by nomination and selection.
Participation is by nomination and then application to the program.
Participation is by nomination only.
Participation is by nomination.
Participation is by parental consent only.
Participation is by permission of instructor.
Participation is by personal invitation only.
Participation is by physician referral only.
Participation is by physician referral.
Participation is by recommendation of the participant's supervisor.
Participation is by registration only and current sessions are filled.
Participation is by registration which is on the meeting premises at the time of the meeting.
Participation is by registration, and anyone can share in the conference.
Participation is by request.
Participation is by salary reduction only.
Participation is by selection only a maximum of one member per affiliate.
Participation is by special arrangement and contract.
Participation is by the invitation of the tournament director.
Participation is ceremonial only and confers on a student no rights to a degree.
Participation is ceremonial only.
Participation is cheap or free, installations are temporary.
Participation is collective and cooperative.
Participation is competitive, and work is juried by members of the arts faculty.
Participation is competitive.
Participation is completely confidential.
Participation is completely free and includes all observational worksheets and reporting forms.
Participation is completely free.
Participation is completely optional and voluntary.
Participation is completely optional.
Participation is completely voluntary .
Participation is completely voluntary and confidential.
Participation is completely voluntary and time commitment is up to the individual teacher.
Participation is completely voluntary for inmates.
Participation is completely voluntary, and all responses are anonymous.
Participation is completely voluntary, and the spouses determine the program's scope and direction.
Participation is completely voluntary, but it is very important to the success of the study.
Participation is completely voluntary.
Participation is complimentary for registered guests.
Participation is comprised of a combination of attendance and contributions to class.
Participation is compulsory and the cost is paid by employers and employees.
Participation is compulsory, at least up to a certain age.
Participation is compulsory.
Participation is concentrated around a cluster of schools.
Participation is concentrated on members own business interests and development.
Participation is conditional to their acceptance and continued residency.
Participation is conditional upon accreditation by presenting a valid press card.
Participation is conditions.
Participation is confidential unless there is failure to progress in recovery.
Participation is confidential.
Participation is considered a vital part of class.
Participation is considered an important competency in the development of the professional educator.
Participation is considered an integral part of the learning process.
Participation is consistently timely, thoughtful, and enriches class knowledge.
Participation is contingent upon acceptance by the program director.
Participation is contingent upon acceptance by the program directors.
Participation is contingent upon advisor approval.
Participation is contingent upon passage of the clinic physical and signing an informed consent.
Participation is contingent upon space availability.
Participation is cost free to patients.
Participation is cost-free.
Participation is critical for success, particularly in the laboratory setting.
Participation is critical to the learning process.
Participation is critical to the success of our common effort.
Participation is critical.
Participation is crucial - please attend.
Participation is crucial for critical analysis of issues, concepts, research, etc.
Participation is crucial to the success of the exchange.
Participation is crucial, both in discussing readings and in peer reading and commenting.
Participation is crucial, with women being represented throughout the process.
Participation is crucial.
Participation is currently without cost.
Participation is deemed ratification of a forged signature.
Participation is defined as a student actually entering a contest.
Participation is defined as a student choice of a reimbursable lunch.
Participation is defined as asking and answering questions and otherwise discussing class business.
Participation is defined as attending class on dates asterisked in the syllabus.
Participation is defined as communication with the instructor either by phone or e-mail.
Participation is defined as making a relevant contribution to class.
Participation is defined as posting at least three messages over a period greater than a day.
Participation is defined as to have or take part or share with others.
Participation is democracy's spine.
Participation is designated by their name being listed on the scorecard.
Participation is detailed in a learning agreement developed with the appropriate faculty member.
Participation is determined by an assessment during the admissions process.
Participation is determined through an application and selection process.
Participation is discouraged except for the occasion of elections.
Participation is driven by the carrot of credits.
Participation is easy and affordable.
Participation is easy and costs nothing.
Participation is easy and open to all reseller locations.
Participation is easy and raises efficiency for the insurer and the client.
Participation is easy and requires little time and effort.
Participation is easy and simply makes good business sense.
Participation is easy to do.
Participation is easy, and there is no cost to join.
Participation is easy, because submissions can be delivered electronically.
Participation is easy, no extra hassles.
Participation is easy.
Participation Is Easy.
Participation is effective on date of hire.
Participation is effective on the first day of the month following enrollment.
Participation is effective, mutually satisfactory, joint decision-making.
Participation is either an innovation or a quality strategy.
Participation is emphasized.
Participation is encouraged and appreciated.
Participation is encouraged and continuing education credits are available.
Participation is encouraged and membership is open to all residents.
Participation is encouraged as much as competition.
Participation is encouraged by anyone developing or using grid generation tools.
Participation is encouraged by descendants of the various derivatives shown above.
Participation is encouraged by each person in the class.
Participation is encouraged for all employees of each unit.
Participation is encouraged for all students.
Participation is encouraged from a range of institutions across Queensland.
Participation is encouraged from a wide cross-section of the university community.
Participation is encouraged from both amateur and professional photographers.
Participation is encouraged if an activity adds value and value is proportional to participation.
Participation is encouraged in both sessions.
Participation is encouraged throughout.
Participation is encouraged without regard to previous levels of formal education.
Participation is encouraged, but voluntary on the part of the students and their parents.
Participation is encouraged.
Participation is enhanced in a full-day program.
Participation is entirely free .
Participation is entirely free of charge.
Participation is entirely open and there are no prerequisites, exams or grades.
Participation is entirely optional, though highly encouraged.
Participation is entirely up to each faculty member.
Participation is entirely voluntary - people are always free to leave the study.
Participation is entirely voluntary and applies only to the donation of vacation credit.
Participation is entirely voluntary and can be discontinued at any time.
Participation is entirely voluntary and consent can be withdrawn at any time.
Participation is entirely voluntary and encourages pupils to read a wide variety of books.
Participation is entirely voluntary and there are no costs or membership fees.
Participation is entirely voluntary, and students can refuse to participate if they so wish.
Participation is entirely voluntary, and without cost to the family.
Participation is entirely voluntary, since the Internet is anything but private or confidential.
Participation is entirely voluntary.
Participation is Entirely Voluntary.
Participation is essential for a comprehensive Web system.
Participation is essential for an optimal group learning experience.
Participation is essential for everyone involved.
Participation is essential for membership.
Participation is essential in a graduate seminar.
Participation is essential in an artificial reef program.
Participation is essential Participation at the conference is also essential.
Participation is essential to change and there can be no participation without communication.
Participation is essential to successful performance.
Participation is essential to the class.
Participation is essential to the comprehension and appreciation of literature.
Participation is essential.
Participation is evaluated in the discussion section.
Participation is examined in more detail in the section below.
Participation is excellent and there have been some very unique hiding places.
Participation is exclusively voluntary.
Participation is explained in a cover letter as voluntary and confidential.
Participation is expressly limited to one points account per person.
Participation is extremely important and allows several views to be expressed.
Participation is extremely important.
Participation is fairly wide spread.
Participation is fast, simple and effective.
Participation is featured in most activities.
Participation is for all students, blind and visually impaired and participation is optional.
Participation is for eight guests.
Participation is for immediate families only.
Participation is for one, two, three, four, or five years.
Participation is for three years.
Participation is for two terms.
Participation is for two years.
Participation is free .
Participation is FREE .
Participation is free and assistance with transport can be made available where necessary.
Participation is free and confidential.
Participation is free and confidentiality is guaranteed.
Participation is free and free.
Participation is free and includes a thorough medical evaluation and free antibiotic treatment.
Participation is free and includes lunch.
Participation is free and instantaneous.
Participation is FREE and is now easier to access than ever before.
Participation is free and no phone charges apply.
Participation is free and no pre-registration is required.
Participation is free and no registration is necessary.
Participation is free and open to all interested adults.
Participation is free and open to all interested parties.
Participation is free and open to all researchers.
Participation is free and open to all.
Participation is free and open to any photographer, rep, assistant, or student.
Participation is free and open to the community.
Participation is free and open to the public.
Participation is free and quite easy.
Participation is free and signup is quick and easy.
Participation is free and strictly confidential.
Participation is free and the site has a strict confidentiality policy.
Participation is free and there are no purchasing obligations.
Participation is free and there are some nice prices to be won.
Participation is free and there's never any obligation.
Participation is free and without obligation.
Participation is free but donations are welcome.
Participation is free but is limited to a first come first served basis.
Participation is free but registration is necessary.
Participation is free but registration is required.
Participation is free for all employers and includes a catered lunch and entertainment.
Participation is free for all.
Participation is free for Buyers.
Participation is free for delegates.
Participation is free for everybody.
Participation is free for registered users, prices for unregistered users are on request.
Participation is free for researchers from Belgian universities or research institutes.
Participation is free for students and alumni.
Participation is free for the school.
Participation is free in both groups.
Participation is free of any charge.
Participation is free of charge .
Participation is free of charge and open to the public.
Participation is free of charge and without obligation.
Participation is free of charge but by invitation only.
Participation is free of charge for museums, page users and readers of the online magazine.
Participation is free of charge for participants from Belgian academic institutions.
Participation is FREE of charge to an initial pilot group of companies.
Participation is free of charge to delegates and is by invitation only.
Participation is free of charge to individual students and to member institutions.
Participation is free of charge to members.
Participation is free of charge, but attendees bear their own travel expenses.
Participation is free of charge, but camp space is limited.
Participation is free of charge, but space is limited.
Participation is free of charge, by personal invitation.
Participation is free of charge.
Participation is free of costs.
Participation is free to all with a valid season's pass or lift ticket for that day.
Participation is free to anyone with local bulletin board access.
Participation is free to both groups.
Participation is free to everyone.
Participation is free to inventors.
Participation is free to members.
Participation is free to Milwaukee County residents.
Participation is FREE to qualifying companies.
Participation is free to schools and home-schoolers.
Participation is free with membership or with paid general admission.
Participation is free with the cost of admission to the museum.
Participation is free with the purchase of a lift ticket.
Participation is free, and all who are interested are welcome.
Participation is free, and everyone interested is invited to join.
Participation is free, and inside and outside space is available.
Participation is free, and no phone charges apply.
Participation is free, but a birth certificate is required.
Participation is free, but registration is required at the web page below.
Participation is free, but registration is required.
Participation is free, but reservations are required.
Participation is free, fast and profitable.
Participation is free, fast and simple .
Participation is free, fast and simple.
Participation is free, however space is limited.
Participation is free, put up one link or an entire store.
Participation is free, there are no fees associated with the program.
Participation is free, too.
Participation is free, unless otherwise mentioned.
Participation is free, with no conditions attached.
Participation is free, without any obligation to either potential sponsors or Invantage.
Participation is free.
Participation is fully optional.
Participation is fundamental.
Participation is geared toward individual interests and abilities.
Participation is good.
Participation is governed by a joint powers agreement.
Participation is governed by the terms outlined herein.
Participation is graded by counting signatures on daily attendance rosters.
Participation is graded.
Participation is high on Orthopedics if a student shows initiative.
Participation is high throughout primary and secondary levels.
Participation is high, says a discussant, but there are some problems.
Participation is higher in densely populated areas such as California, Houston, Atlanta, and Newark.
Participation is higher in the Central Valley than in coastal regions.
Participation is highly encouraged .
Participation is highly encouraged and purely voluntary.
Participation is highly recommended.
Participation is important as an active learning tool Attend all classes unless dead or dying.
Participation is important for grades and for learning.
Participation is important in an online environment.
Participation is important in every classroom, but it is particularly important in an acting class.
Participation is important to ensure accurate and reliable statistics.
Participation is important, but quantity is less important than quality.
Participation is important, even if the gift is small.
Participation is important, so please come prepared.
Participation is important.
Participation is impressive, both in numbers and in name recognition.
Participation is in a summer baseball league involving six other area schools.
Participation is in.
Participation is indeed the essence of a healthy democracy.
Participation is influenced by gender and generational differences.
Participation is information driven .
Participation is inherently political and requires understanding of interest groups and incentives.
Participation is integrated into the course timetable and is mandatory.
Participation is intended to be free and natural.
Participation is intended to enhance relations among the three classes of students.
Participation is intended to help the student teacher gain confidence.
Participation is interactive and creative problem solving.
Participation is international in nature.
Participation is invited during six shows featuring everything from dance to puppetry.
Participation is invited from researchers and clinicians in the UK and beyond.
Participation is invited in the program to collect, preserve, and study paleontological material.
Participation is invited.
Participation is involvement in life situations and everyday activities.
Participation is irreversible.
Participation is it's own reward.
Participation is itself a major theme Participation in the benefits of e-commerce.
Participation is kept confidential.
Participation is key in a discussion-based activity.
Participation is key to managing site release .
Participation is key.
Participation is likely to be extended if a number of organisations are seen to be contributing.
Participation is likely to lead to better health.
Participation is limited and advance registration is required.
Participation is limited and competitive.
Participation is limited and determined by applications.
Participation is limited and is by invitation only.
Participation is limited and on a first-come basis.
Participation is limited and registration is required.
Participation is limited and selective.
Participation is limited by group size and individual needs.
Participation is limited due to space constraints.
Participation is limited nad is by invitation only.
Participation is limited one team of five sophomores, freshmen or middle schoolers.
Participation is limited only by the size of the room.
Participation is limited so early registration is suggested.
Participation is limited so make inquiries soon.
Participation is limited so reservations are strongly suggested.
Participation is limited to a maximum of forty teams of three players.
Participation is limited to about thirty persons.
Participation is limited to acquisition costs less resale value or a reasonable rental fee.
Participation is limited to alumni who are senior level managers with line experience.
Participation is limited to approximately eleven students.
Participation is limited to assure quality instruction.
Participation is limited to being able to read messages only.
Participation is limited to CEOs of composites industry businesses.
Participation is limited to community-based health professionals.
Participation is limited to currently enrolled undergraduate students.
Participation is limited to degree candidates.
Participation is limited to educational institutions and other nonprofit organizations.
Participation is limited to educational institutions.
Participation is limited to eight semesters of intercollegiate competition.
Participation is limited to experienced meditators only and requires a high degree of self-reliance.
Participation is limited to families whose children are age newborn through kindergarten.
Participation is limited to families whose children are age newborn through second grade.
Participation is limited to fifteen persons.
Participation is limited to fifty registrants.
Participation is limited to first-time attendees only.
Participation is limited to five percent of each existing utility's customer base.
Participation is limited to five students and the program is available during spring semester only.
Participation is limited to girls ages seven to twelve.
Participation is limited to Indiana high school mathematics and science teachers.
Participation is limited to individuals within the continental United States.
Participation is limited to large-scale managers only.
Participation is limited to medical students and residents.
Participation is limited to member organizations in good standing.
Participation is limited to Minnesota residents.
Participation is limited to one application per semester.
Participation is limited to one date.
Participation is limited to one entrant per institution.
Participation is limited to one entry per person only.
Participation is limited to ONE entry per person.
Participation is limited to one event.
Participation is limited to one paper at the conference.
Participation is limited to one program in each five-year period.
Participation is limited to one ride-along in a sixty day period.
Participation is limited to one time per property.
Participation is limited to participants who choose to subscribe.
Participation is limited to Pre-IPO independent corporations in the technology industries.
Participation is limited to pre-registered youth delegates.
Participation is limited to public institutions.
Participation is limited to qualified investment professionals.
Participation is limited to researchers at United States institutions within the United States.
Participation is limited to residents of Wisconsin.
Participation is limited to school children in kindergarten through grade five.
Participation is limited to schools enrolled for licensed use of the program.
Participation is limited to seven organizations.
Participation is limited to students between their junior and senior year.
Participation is limited to subscribers who are members of the same denomination or religion.
Participation is limited to teachers in public and private schools in Massachusetts.
Participation is limited to teachers working within each state.
Participation is limited to team members.
Participation is limited to ten senior journalists, editors and producers to ensure vigorous dialog.
Participation is limited to Tennessee residents with keyboard and mouse skills.
Participation is limited to that of a review party.
Participation is limited to the available internships and competitive selection.
Participation is limited to the candidates only.
Participation is limited to the capacity of the bus.
Participation is limited to the maximum of funds made available by the negotiated contract.
Participation is limited to the names and locations enrolled.
Participation is limited to the number of volunteers needed.
Participation is limited to thirty people.
Participation is limited to three people per demo.
Participation is limited to three years.
Participation is limited to twenty people.
Participation is limited to twenty sponsored students and five non-sponsored students.
Participation is limited to twice a week.
Participation is limited to two events and one relay team.
Participation is limited to two faculty.
Participation is limited to two people per organization.
Participation is limited to two persons per development entity.
Participation is limited to two representatives from each organization.
Participation is limited to two semesters.
Participation is limited to U.S. citizens or permanent residents.
Participation is limited to U.S.-based companies.
Participation is limited to university faculty members who have applied to attend.
Participation is limited to varsity athletes.
Participation is limited to village residents and their guests.
Participation is limited to Washington and Oregon residents.
Participation is limited, but the program remains open.
Participation is limited, by separate application and registration .
Participation is limited, early application is encouraged.
Participation is limited, preregistration is recommended.
Participation is limited, so pre-registration is required.
Participation is limited, so register as early as possible.
Participation is limited, so register early to avoid disappointment.
Participation is limited, so register early.
Participation is limited, so register now.
Participation is limited, so reserve early.
Participation is limited, so respond early.
Participation is limited, so sign up early.
Participation is limited.
Participation is Limited.
Participation is made concrete and meaningful through curiosity.
Participation is made easy.
Participation is mainly by invitation.
Participation is mainly upon invitation by the organizer.
Participation is mandatory .
Participation is mandatory and begins after two years of employment.
Participation is mandatory and is billed through student fees.
Participation is mandatory and is meant to enhance the classroom discussion.
Participation is mandatory and reflects in the student's grade.
Participation is mandatory and the benefits are earnings-related.
Participation is mandatory and the premium is on a shared-cost basis.
Participation is mandatory for all freshmen.
Participation is mandatory for all full-time employees.
Participation is mandatory for all non-teaching employees except for students.
Participation is mandatory for all teaching employees except for students.
Participation is mandatory for all UTEP employees with budget authority.
Participation is mandatory for an employee to be considered for merit pay.
Participation is mandatory for every student.
Participation is mandatory for medical and optional for life insurance.
Participation is mandatory for most educational activities.
Participation is mandatory in order to be a member of any of the specified groups.
Participation is mandatory in order to foster a genuine learning environment in the classroom.
Participation is mandatory.
Participation is meant to be stimulating and fun.
Participation is measured by a students preparation for class, participation in class discussion.
Participation is measured using several criteria.
Participation is measured via the message board.
Participation is monitored and is required for maintainence of membership.
Participation is more important than percentages.
Participation is more than class attendance.
Participation is more than just presence.
Participation is more than simply filling a seat.
Participation is most important.
Participation is most meaningful if students bring a significant other to each class session.
Participation is mostly limited to highly compensated employees or self-employed individuals.
Participation is necessary and desired.
Participation is necessary to fulfil graduation requirements.
Participation is necessary to get networking contacts.
Participation is needed for focus groups.
Participation is needed, especially from the larger number agencies.
Participation is neither a contract nor guarantee of future employment.
Participation is neither a gift nor a concession.
Participation is no different.
Participation is normally during the sophomore or junior year.
Participation is normally free of charge.
Participation is noted on the academic transcript.
Participation is noted on the student's law school transcript.
Participation is obligatory in two semesters.
Participation is obligatory.
Participation is of course voluntary.
Participation is of great importance in a language class.
Participation is of the utmost importance.
Participation is offered in individual, dual and team sports for men, women and co-recreation.
Participation is on a calendar year basis.
Participation is on a calendar-year basis.
Participation is on a first come, first serve basis.
Participation is on a first-come basis.
Participation is on a first-come, first served basis.
Participation is on a fiscal year schedule.
Participation is on a pre-paid monthly basis and requires a two month start up.
Participation is on a selective basis.
Participation is on a space available basis and some prerequisites apply.
Participation is on a space available basis.
Participation is on a space-available basis only after paying students are enrolled.
Participation is on a space-available basis.
Participation is on a strictly voluntary basis.
Participation is on a voluntary basis and the premium is fully borne by the staff.
Participation is on a voluntary basis, requiring no additional employees.
Participation is on a voluntary basis.
Participation is on a volunteer basis, but expenses are covered.
Participation is on a walk-in basis.
Participation is on a year to year basis.
Participation is on an annual basis.
Participation is on an application basis.
Participation is on invitation only.
Participation is on the first pay period after six months of service.
Participation is on the honor system.
Participation is once a year and is very much a family event.
Participation is one means to that commitment.
Participation is one of the best way to achieve it.
Participation is one of the factors considered in the grading process.
Participation is one tack to take.
Participation is only possible by invitation.
Participation is only valid if it advances or develops the discussion constructively.
Participation is open and encouraged.
Participation is open and unmoderated.
Participation is open by audition to all students and members of the community.
Participation is open by audition.
Participation is open each week.
Participation is open for all ASPnet schools as well as non member schools.
Participation is open for all in the age group.
Participation is open for everybody.
Participation is open only to individuals from governmental and public sector organizations.
Participation is open only to officially registered participants.
Participation is open through tryouts.
Participation is open to all adults and youth.
Participation is open to all adults seeking a structured social environment.
Participation is open to all artists who exhibit work of original concept, design and execution.
Participation is open to all but advance registartion is required since space is limited.
Participation is open to all candidates on the ballot.
Participation is open to all categories of organizations.
Participation is open to all club members.
Participation is open to all countries.
Participation is open to all currently enrolled students and presently employed faculty and staff.
Participation is open to all educators, students, farmers, and interested individuals.
Participation is open to all faculty.
Participation is open to all funders, regardless of their sexual orientation.
Participation is open to all high school students in the Detroit metro area.
Participation is open to all interested classes within the appropriate grade level range.
Participation is open to all interested clergy and lay persons.
Participation is open to all interested faculty.
Participation is open to all interested parties.
Participation is open to all interested persons.
Participation is open to all interested stakeholders.
Participation is open to all interested students.
Participation is open to all law students.
Participation is open to all levels of building skills.
Participation is open to all levels of certified referees.
Participation is open to all materially affected parties.
Participation is open to all members and non-members.
Participation is open to all members and pledges.
Participation is open to all members in good standing.
Participation is open to all members of Scouting.
Participation is open to all Midwest businesses and organizations working to stop global warming.
Participation is open to all minority students enrolled in an accredited graduate business program.
Participation is open to ALL parents in the elementary public and non-public schools.
Participation is open to all parties.
Participation is open to all people and all Internet sites.
Participation is open to all persons interested in Environmental Biotechnology.
Participation is open to all persons interested in medical devices and diagnostics.
Participation is open to all persons with an interest in higher education and aesthetics .
Participation is open to all puzzlers world-wide.
Participation is open to all qualified students.
Participation is open to all RCGA members.
Participation is open to all staff.
Participation is open to all students enrolled in a German university or technical college.
Participation is open to all students in good standing.
Participation is open to all students in grades four and up.
Participation is open to all students on campus.
Participation is open to all students who meet the eligibility requirements.
Participation is open to all students with previous band experience.
Participation is open to all students, and attendance is open to the public.
Participation is open to all students.
Participation is open to all supporters of Lutheran institutions.
Participation is open to all undergraduate and graduate students in good academic standing.
Participation is open to all undergraduate students.
Participation is open to all who are interested.
Participation is open to all with an interest in theater.
Participation is open to all women riders.
Participation is open to all, free of charge.
Participation is open to all, ranging from elementary to college-level students.
Participation is open to all, regardless of experience playing period instruments.
Participation is open to all, with casting priority given to students in theater studies.
Participation is open to all, with opportunity to assist in public programs and other good works.
Participation is open to all, with special attention to ensuring broad-based African participation.
Participation is open to all.
Participation is open to any interested singer.
Participation is open to any interested student, regardless of major.
Participation is open to any organization which already has Internet connectivity.
Participation is open to any student in Virginia, either on an individual or team basis.
Participation is open to any student regardless of major or class standing.
Participation is open to any student, faculty or staff member.
Participation is open to any undergraduate.
Participation is open to anyone interested in cooperative regional marketing.
Participation is open to anyone interested in learning more about a food processing operation.
Participation is open to anyone interested in taxicab affairs.
Participation is open to anyone on campus.
Participation is open to anyone seeking to develop their communication and leadership skills.
Participation is open to anyone who is interested in attending or speaking at the meeting.
Participation is open to anyone who is interested, regardless of income.
Participation is open to anyone who wishes to embark on committed study of the Christian faith.
Participation is open to anyone who wishes to partake.
Participation is open to anyone who wishes to sing, play, tell a story, or recite a poem.
Participation is open to anyone with two years of professional experience in Central America.
Participation is open to anyone with two years of professional experience in the Central America.
Participation is open to anyone with two years of professional experience in the region.
Participation is open to anyone.
Participation is open to beginners and experts alike.
Participation is open to both majors and non-majors with an interest in psychology.
Participation is open to ca.
Participation is open to candidates from developing countries and Central and Eastern Europe.
Participation is open to children and adults of good physical condition with the ability to train.
Participation is open to church members and friends and to the public.
Participation is open to college and university teachers from South Asia .
Participation is open to everybody.
Participation is open to everyone from high school students to senior citizens.
Participation is open to everyone upon payment of the registration fee.
Participation is open to everyone.
Participation is open to faculty interested in interdisciplinary projects.
Participation is open to graduate students in the department.
Participation is open to graduate students, faculty, and personnel from industry.
Participation is open to Guild member students through twelfth grade.
Participation is open to individuals who have completed at least the ninth grade.
Participation is open to industry, research, and regulatory executives.
Participation is open to interested companies.
Participation is open to male residents of Tampa Bay, regardless of religious affiliation.
Participation is open to manufacturing, service, education and public sector organizations.
Participation is open to members and students.
Participation is open to men and women.
Participation is open to middle school students and up and their teachers.
Participation is open to music majors and non-majors alike.
Participation is open to other interested members.
Participation is open to other interested persons outside the two meetings.
Participation is open to parishioners as well as the community.
Participation is open to people of all abilities on our regularly scheduled trips.
Participation is open to persons regardless of age, race, or religion.
Participation is open to practitioners and faculty, members and non-members.
Participation is open to professionals, students, non-students, technicals, and interested others.
Participation is open to runners, companies and sponsors.
Participation is open to scholars and students from ICIP member and non-member institutions.
Participation is open to scholars at all academic levels, from graduate students to full professors.
Participation is open to Spanish majors and non-majors alike.
Participation is open to students from across Iowa and the Midwest.
Participation is open to students from all piano studios.
Participation is open to students in architecture, landscape and urban design.
Participation is open to teachers as well.
Participation is open to teachers statewide.
Participation is open to the campus community and any university constituentcy.
Participation is open to the discipline.
Participation is open to the entire SCS community and is completely voluntary.
Participation is open to the general public.
Participation is open to the public and everyone is welcome.
Participation is open to the public free of charge.
Participation is open to the public.
Participation is open to U.S. citizens and permanent residents.
Participation is open to United States agencies, organizations, companies, and citizens.
Participation is open, and the workshop covers all aspects of functional programming.
Participation is open, by audition or invitation.
Participation is open, free of any charge, at any of the following regional consultations.
Participation is open.
Participation is optional , but encouraged.
Participation is optional and becomes effective on the date of employment if elected.
Participation is optional and free of charge.
Participation is optional and non-credit.
Participation is optional and the employee pays the premium.
Participation is optional and the list is to be private to members.
Participation is optional and there is no charge for the events.
Participation is optional and voluntary for both the school district and the parents.
Participation is optional but open to all students.
Participation is optional for both school districts and parents.
Participation is optional for student employees.
Participation is optional in fundraising.
Participation is optional prior to that age.
Participation is optional, and encouraged.
Participation is optional, but highly recommended.
Participation is optional, of course.
Participation is optional.
Participation is our most important goal.
Participation is paramont.
Participation is part of growth and learning.
Participation is part of the coursework for which they enrolled.
Participation is particularly important for adolescents.
Participation is particularly important in a communication class.
Participation is pertinent and thoughtful.
Participation is possible by sending in articles, reviews or suggestions for the next issue.
Participation is possible by walking or by sponsoring a walker.
Participation is purely optional.
Participation is purely via the Internet.
Participation is purely voluntary.
Participation is quasi-voluntary.
Participation is quick and easy.
Participation is quite good.
Participation is random, anonymous and confidential.
Participation is rated by the grasp of assigned weekly material.
Participation is really important and that is where percussion is so good.
Participation is really very simple and quite affordable.
Participation is recommended but by no means required.
Participation is recommended for all five sessions.
Participation is recommended for all six sessions.
Participation is recommended for all students.
Participation is relatively inexpensive, with fees for a monthly magazine and administration.
Participation is required according to standards and guidelines that are being developed.
Participation is required all three days.
Participation is required and attendance mandatory.
Participation is required and important.
Participation is required and is equivalent to a quiz grade.
Participation is required and the premium is on a shared-cost basis.
Participation is required as a prerequisite for fall admission for the designated students.
Participation is required at all sessions.
Participation is required at the above by all second and third year residents.
Participation is required by curriculum.
Participation is required each semester.
Participation is required for all classes.
Participation is required for all degree-seeking students.
Participation is required for all fifth grade students.
Participation is required for all fourth grade students.
Participation is required for all new students.
Participation is required for all students.
Participation is required for all third grade students.
Participation is required for credit.
Participation is required for membership.
Participation is required for several contests, community performances, and concerts at the school.
Participation is required for students in the social demography specialization only.
Participation is required for the entire year.
Participation is required for two terms for credit.
Participation is required for volunteers and contractual employees.
Participation is required in all classroom activities.
Participation is required in each month that recipients receive food stamps.
Participation is required in order for recipients to earn their AFDC stipend.
Participation is required of all employees.
Participation is required of all orchestral instrument majors.
Participation is required of all string applied performance and string music education majors.
Participation is required of all voice majors and voice minors.
Participation is required of each student, and girls are instructed by a faculty coaching staff.
Participation is required over three academic terms.
Participation is required over two consecutive academic terms.
Participation is required prior to dispatch for fire assignments.
Participation is required to pay meet expenses.
Participation is required upon hire.
Participation is required, in two dimensions.
Participation is required, unless prior arrangements are made with the instructor.
Participation is required.
Participation is restricted to citizens or permanent residents of the United States.
Participation is restricted to high school seniors and juniors as space allows.
Participation is restricted to individuals involved in leading community-wide efforts.
Participation is restricted to institutions of higher education.
Participation is restricted to missionaries and serious intercessors.
Participation is restricted.
Participation is salvation of the lost.
Participation is seasonal by sport.
Participation is secured through audition.
Participation is selective, based on high academic achievement, and stipends are awarded.
Participation is selective, based on high academic achievement.
Participation is simple and easy.
Participation is simple.
Participation is so important that there is a whole extra page explaining it.
Participation is so much more exciting than just watching.
Participation is solely for the purpose of qualifying for a higher panel.
Participation is sought for oral presentations, poster presentations, and discussion leaders.
Participation is started only by attending a rehearsal to check it out.
Participation is statewide and representative of diverse disabilities.
Participation is statewide.
Participation is still a problem.
Participation is still open, and companies are encouraged to sign up early for maximum value.
Participation is still too low.
Participation is strictly by invitation only.
Participation is strictly confidential.
Participation is strictly limited so that most people never have any say.
Participation is strictly limited to allow time for personal coaching.
Participation is strictly limited to chief legal officers.
Participation is strictly on a voluntary basis.
Participation is strictly optional.
Participation is strictly through personal arrangement.
Participation is strictly voluntary .
Participation is strictly voluntary and anonymous.
Participation is strictly voluntary and confidential.
Participation is strictly voluntary and free of any costs.
Participation is strictly voluntary and is only available to coal companies that qualify.
Participation is strictly voluntary and is, as mentioned earlier, very high.
Participation is strictly voluntary and the format encourages open discussion and exchange of ideas.
Participation is strictly voluntary and when appropriate.
Participation is strictly voluntary on both sides.
Participation is strictly voluntary.
Participation is strongly encouraged and purely voluntary.
Participation is subject to agency budget constraints.
Participation is subject to change every year.
Participation is subject to eligibility criteria and a selection process.
Participation is subject to renewal each year.
Participation is subject to the approval of the appropriate administrative officers.
Participation is subject to the approval of the employee's department.
Participation is subject to the availability of funds.
Participation is subject to the terms and conditions of the plan.
Participation is subject to the terms of the course of study type.
Participation is supervised by both a professional at work and by a faculty member.
Participation is supervised by both the professional site supervisor and a member of the faculty.
Participation is supported.
Participation is suspended while an employee is on leave without pay.
Participation is the active involvement in discussion and argument.
Participation is the active involvement of the learner in the process.
Participation is the backbone of co-op living.
Participation is the basic element to effective, representative democracy.
Participation is the best antidote for bigotry.
Participation is the concerts is required.
Participation is the essence of camp.
Participation is the fuel that drives the team forward.
Participation is the goal.
Participation is the key and preparedness.
Participation is the key for the success of any organization.
Participation is the key ingredient in building commitment to the plan.
Participation is the key role of citizens in democracy.
Participation is the key to a lively class.
Participation is the key to achieving our most important goal preventing accidents on the farm.
Participation is the key to an effective union.
Participation is the key to an enjoyable experience of a local social dance scene.
Participation is the key to harmony.
Participation is the key to having fun.
Participation is the key to interest, acceptance, and commitment.
Participation is the key to our group.
Participation is the key word here.
Participation is the key, and the key to participation is providing opportunity.
Participation is the key, no matter what the level of volunteerism or financial commitment.
Participation is the key.
Participation is the keyword.
Participation is the laboratory is a class requirement.
Participation is the lifeblood of democracy.
Participation is the linch-pin of effective programs.
Participation is the main goal.
Participation is the name of the game.
Participation is the noblest action of exercising democracy.
Participation is the proper mode of human existence, knowing, attaining happiness, becoming gods.
Participation is the real focus.
Participation is the real key to making it work.
Participation is the secret in Holland.
Participation is the secret to all fund raising.
Participation is the start of building an impressive resume.
Participation is the thing here in the realm cyber .
Participation is the third component.
Participation is the way to collective action.
Participation is the way to success.
Participation is through application.
Participation is through enrollment.
Participation is through invitation only, based on evidence of high scholarly achievement.
Participation is thru running a free program that downloads and analyzes radio telescope data.
Participation is to be compulsory.
Participation is to be encouraged, but is voluntary.
Participation is to be open-ended.
Participation is to be the normal experience.
Participation is to include one representative from each field of business or industry.
Participation is too time consuming.
Participation is totally free.
Participation is totally voluntary and without assignment.
Participation is totally voluntary.
Participation is tracked using a card that is punched at the end of each walk.
Participation is truly the name of the game in Campus Recreation.
Participation is twice a week.
Participation is unlimited and there are no qualifying standards.
Participation is unlimited.
Participation is unrestricted.
Participation is up from last year.
Participation is up in science and math clubs, writing contests and reading for pleasure.
Participation is up over last year.
Participation is upon closed invitation.
Participation is usually a higher virtue than perfectionism.
Participation is usually in an ongoing project by the mentor.
Participation is usually limited, so be sure to sign up early.
Participation is usually open to the entire campus.
Participation is usually through lead counsel.
Participation is usually voluntary.
Participation is valuable for professional networking and information on current IS issues.
Participation is varied from laypersons to clinicians to researchers.
Participation is very easy.
Participation is very important.
Participation is very informal and Dutch treat.
Participation is very much encouraged and questions are most heartily welcome.
Participation is viewed as means to facilitate the empowerment of oppressed peoples.
Participation is vital to making the system work.
Participation is vital to the success of the class.
Participation is voluntary - withdraw at any time.
Participation is voluntary .
Participation is Voluntary .
Participation is voluntary and all information is kept strictly confidential.
Participation is voluntary and all names are kept confidential.
Participation is voluntary and all patients are well informed of study procedures before enrollment.
Participation is voluntary and all students are invited to take part.
Participation is voluntary and at no cost to the family.
Participation is voluntary and available from one to five years.
Participation is voluntary and by selection.
Participation is voluntary and can be informal.
Participation is voluntary and can change due to individual circumstances.
Participation is voluntary and confidential.
Participation is voluntary and data is for internal use only.
Participation is voluntary and designed to make our campus community more environmentally conscious.
Participation is voluntary and dues vary in each organization.
Participation is voluntary and financed by each participant.
Participation is voluntary and for the sole purpose of better serving the community.
Participation is voluntary and free of charge.
Participation is voluntary and free to graduates.
Participation is voluntary and informal.
Participation is voluntary and is based on biological criteria and the nomination of the landowner.
Participation is voluntary and is paid in full by the employee.
Participation is voluntary and is protected by rules regarding human subjects.
Participation is voluntary and most project funding comes from grants and donations.
Participation is voluntary and no disciplinary procedures are implemented as a result of the report.
Participation is voluntary and no particular denomination is endorsed.
Participation is voluntary and no personally identifying data is collected.
Participation is voluntary and offers offenders hope of a reduced jail sentence.
Participation is voluntary and open to all students in the course.
Participation is voluntary and open to students of all faiths.
Participation is voluntary and optional.
Participation is voluntary and please feel free to decline to answer any question.
Participation is voluntary and referrals are accepted from any source.
Participation is voluntary and requires employee contributions.
Participation is voluntary and results are strictly program oriented.
Participation is voluntary and services are confidential.
Participation is voluntary and services are offered free or for a nominal fee.
Participation is voluntary and services are provided at no cost to the client.
Participation is voluntary and services provided differ across families.
Participation is voluntary and strictly confidential.
Participation is voluntary and strongly encouraged.
Participation is voluntary and students are selected through an interview process.
Participation is voluntary and students collect no formal credit.
Participation is voluntary and suggestions for activities are always welcomed.
Participation is voluntary and the government pays up to one-third of the total cost.
Participation is voluntary and the results are kept completely confidential by the researchers.
Participation is voluntary and there is no fee for participation.
Participation is voluntary and there is no fee.
Participation is voluntary and unassessed.
Participation is voluntary and unpaid but travel expenses are available.
Participation is voluntary and unpaid.
Participation is voluntary at all levels.
Participation is voluntary but crucial to the success of the project.
Participation is voluntary but encouraged, and counts as class participation.
Participation is voluntary for both students and faculty members.
Participation is voluntary for both students and mentors.
Participation is voluntary for eligible families.
Participation is voluntary for families, public schools, and private child development centers.
Participation is voluntary for residents in the district.
Participation is voluntary for the students and the staff facilitators at the school.
Participation is voluntary for the towns and voluntary for each individual consumer.
Participation is voluntary in all mediations.
Participation is voluntary in most counties due to a provider shortage.
Participation is voluntary in what are typically brief, one-session workshops.
Participation is voluntary on the part of both faculty and students.
Participation is voluntary with an academic year commitment.
Participation is voluntary with the employee bearing the cost for the premium.
Participation is voluntary, and all reports are confidential.
Participation is voluntary, and by invitation only.
Participation is voluntary, and implementation is flexible and at no cost to participants.
Participation is voluntary, and refusal to participate in no way jeopardizes care.
Participation is voluntary, and seniors taking part can choose between at least two plans.
Participation is voluntary, and there are no eligibility criteria to meet.
Participation is voluntary, but is highly recommended.
Participation is voluntary, but strongly recommended.
Participation is voluntary, confidential and free.
Participation is voluntary, dependent on approval by the candidate's government agency.
Participation is voluntary, free and on an 'as needed'basis.
Participation is voluntary, free of charge and available to all the citizens via the internet.
Participation is voluntary, of course.
Participation is voluntary, so parents can refuse any services, evaluations or assessments.
Participation is voluntary, subject to agreement to circulate cases as outlined below.
Participation is voluntary, unless stipulated as a provision of a binding contract.
Participation is voluntary, with full premium paid by employee.
Participation is voluntary, with the full premium paid by the employee through salary deduction.
Participation is voluntary, with the option to withdraw at any time.
Participation is voluntary.
Participation is welcome but never required.
Participation is welcome.
Participation is welcomed at each level of support.
Participation is welcomed from academia and industry.
Participation is welcomed from anyone with a practical or academic interest in Shinto.
Participation is welcomed from anyone with an interest in the Tardigrada.
Participation is welcomed to all students interested in any aspect of biological science.
Participation is welcomed with recommendation of studio teacher.
Participation is well-defined.
Participation is what makes democracy work.
Participation is what matters.
Participation is what's most important.
Participation is when the employees have a chance to speak their minds and ideas.
Participation is wholly elective and carries no course credit.
Participation is with the supervisor's approval.
Participation is world wide and topics cover a large range of experience.
Participation is worldwide.
Participation is year-round.
Participation is, at times, the only assessment for a particular concept or topic.
Participation is, however, limited.
Participation is, however, voluntary.
Participation is, in itself a reward.
Participation is, of course, entirely voluntary.
Participation is, of course, voluntary.
Participation isa event.
Participation keeps the class interesting and is greatly appreciated.
Participation leads to a better understanding of aviation.
Participation leads to change.
Participation leads to personal education and growth.
Participation leads to the Rank Volunteer Award.
Participation makes Bible learning more personal.
Participation makes for spiritual growth.
Participation makes learning enjoyable.
Participation makes membership much more rewarding.
Participation makes the difference.
Participation means a commitment to the group and a responsibility to do our share of the work.
Participation means active involvement in all phases of the course.
Participation means actively engaging in class discussions, assignments, and activities.
Participation means asking and answering questions.
Participation means being in class on time and prepared.
Participation means coming to class and contributing there.
Participation means coming to class having read the materials and contributing to discussions .
Participation means contributing as a part of the community of the classroom.
Participation means contributing to class discussions.
Participation means contributing to the class discussions on a frequent basis.
Participation means contributing to the e-mail and class discussions on a frequent basis.
Participation means different things to different countries.
Participation means doing the reading.
Participation means making a direct contribution.
Participation means more than attendance.
Participation means more than being present in class.
Participation means more than just attendance, however.
Participation means more than just attendance.
Participation means more than just showing up for class.
Participation means participation.
Participation means preparation.
Participation means regular attendance and active participation in class discussions.
Participation means representation.
Participation means searching out an activity of interest in the Chapter and doing it.
Participation means showing up for class and taking part in discussions.
Participation means that students have come to class prepared and have read the assigned readings.
Participation means two additional days of rehearsal each week.
Participation measures the commitment, hard work and consistent attendance of the student.
Participation needs to be in the form of an ongoing conversation.
Participation needs to be informed and organized.
Participation needs to be linked to the wider environment of governance.
Participation needs to be voluntary.
Participation now includes many parts of the world.
Participation nurtures an environment that is welcoming and inclusive.
Participation occurs at both the Regional and Provincial levels.
Participation offers manufacturers inroads to the promising field of electronic commerce.
Participation opens doors to the full enjoyment of human rights.
Participation opens opportunities.
Participation plays an important role in an online class.
Participation prepares students for employment upon graduation.
Participation prizes given to all entries.
Participation promotes life-long learning skills.
Participation proves our goal of maintaining a high level of service.
Participation provides an incentive for students to become more familiar with the web.
Participation provides leadership opportunities and unique learning experiences.
Participation provides opportunites to learn, publish, and share knowledge with others.
Participation provides the road to an ethical community.
Participation really does increase the probability of success.
Participation reduces personnel and financial investments and also lead-time.
Participation refers to physical presence in the U.S. including the grace period.
Participation refers to relevant contributions to seminar discussions.
Participation reflects preparation and engagement in content.
Participation remains high, and workshops continue to receive superior ratings.
Participation represents a wonderful learning and testing resource.
Participation requires a bachelor's degree or equivalent experience.
Participation requires a computer with web access and a telephone, preferably a speakerphone.
Participation requires a diagnostic interview and donating a small blood sample.
Participation requires a fee.
Participation requires a minimum of two boats.
Participation requires a minimum two-month internship.
Participation requires a physician's consent for twice-weekly sessions.
Participation requires a regular commitment of time and is open to men and women.
Participation requires a retainer.
Participation requires a screening interview and neurological examinations.
Participation requires a working knowledge of silent film history.
Participation requires a written paper in the seminar.
Participation requires access to it.
Participation requires access to specific computer hardware and software.
Participation requires an active presence in the seminar.
Participation requires an annual fee based on the number of systems to be covered by the grant.
Participation requires an audition.
Participation requires approval from the director of criminal justice.
Participation requires approval of department.
Participation requires attendance.
Participation requires audition, and emphasizes performance.
Participation requires competitive try-outs and is open to all students.
Participation requires completion of detailed questionaire and a collection of a blood sample.
Participation requires completion of, or current enrollment in, the biology master's program.
Participation requires completion of, or current enrollment in, the English master's program.
Participation requires completion of, or current enrollment in, the sociology master's program.
Participation requires consideration.
Participation requires departmental nomination and ranking.
Participation requires dietary modification and mineral supplementation.
Participation requires donation of blood sample.
Participation requires effort and is essential for building communication skills.
Participation requires endorsement by the department chair and dean.
Participation requires four sessions of interviews.
Participation requires general conference registration above.
Participation requires having done the reading up to that point.
Participation requires identification.
Participation requires interview and acceptance into program.
Participation requires medical release.
Participation requires more than attendance.
Participation requires nothing more than an Internet connection and a standard browser.
Participation requires only a valid pier pass.
Participation requires physician referral.
Participation requires pre-enrollment.
Participation requires preparation.
Participation requires pre-registration.
Participation requires prior approval of the supervising faculty member.
Participation requires re-enrollment each year.
Participation requires separate pre-registration.
Participation requires six hours of non-invasive testing, broken up across two days.
Participation requires some smoking abstinence.
Participation requires students to take more initiative and seek additional challenges.
Participation requires that a restrictive covenant be placed on the title to the property.
Participation requires that understanding.
Participation requires the approval of both the department chair and field supervisor.
Participation requires the computation of a hash of the contents, and is therefore expensive.
Participation requires the property to be a member of the respective industry segment.
Participation requires three clinic visits over the course of three months.
Participation requires three days of smoking abstinence and two laboratory sessions.
Participation requires, among other things, being physically present.
Participation shoots a student's learning curve straight up.
Participation simply having a forum for expressing views on work matters - is a form of recognition.
Participation strengthens civil society and the economy.
Participation suggests interest and effort.
Participation takes a backseat to performance.
Participation takes about two minutes a day.
Participation takes only three to four months and requires very few office visits.
Participation takes place during early morning and midday hours.
Participation takes practice, and there is no time like the present to start.
Participation takes precedence over creativity.
Participation takes time as well as expertise.
Participation takes time up front to save time later.
Participation takes time.
Participation teaches that it is a privilege and an honor to represent one's school.
Participation therefore is at the core of effective facilitation and training.
Participation use ideas from their discussions to write a short drama.
Participation varies according to needs with a minimum of once a month.
Participation varies by age level.
Participation varies from laypersons to clinicians to researchers.
Participation varies from simply attending to active involvement in the service.
Participation varies on individual projects.
Participation varies quarter to quarter and club to club.
Participation varies with federal restrictions.
Participation varies, generally there are about a dozen vehicles attended to.
Participation working on behalf of the community is the necessary requisite to be called a citizen.
Participation works best when it is based in, rather than in opposition to, existing organizations.
Participations is voluntary.
Participations make it possible for more advertisers to enjoy the benefits of news sponsorship.
Participation often depends on sponsorship.
Participation often includes free medication, free lab tests, and compensation for some studies.
Participation often is highlighted on resumes.
Participation often plays a role in overall understanding of material.
Participation sometimes entails painstaking collaboration.
Participation usually involves some form of activity.
Participation usually means people are engaged in the process.
Participation usually means taking part in class discussions or class projects.
All participation can be via the Internet.
All participation is at no cost.
All participation is at the participant's own risk.
All participation is at the participants own risk.
All participation is at the player's own risk.
All participation is completely voluntary.
All participation is confidential and private.
All participation is confidential.
All participation is consensual.
All participation is through class registration.
All participation is voluntary .
All participation is voluntary and confidential.
All participation is voluntary and new members are always welcome.
All participation is voluntary and risk free.
All participation is voluntary, and ministry at the expense of family is strongly discouraged.
All participation is voluntary.
All participation live with Italian hosts.
More participation equals more game pieces and more miles toward more prizes.
More participation is needed, as is more help.
More participation means more ideas are presented to the group.
Most participation involves completions.
Most participation requires consideration.
Some participation affects frameworks.
Some participation can take the form of email responses.
Some participation improves quality.
Some participation is possible by telecon.
Some participation requires acceptance.
Participative cultures are increasingly more rewarding for organisations and their employees.
Participative design is a unique organization change process.
Participative design is truly an iterative, on-going design process.
Participative design requires a complex process to take place.
Participative leaders are consultative and seriously consider employee's ideas when making decision.
Participative leadership is an excellent example.
Participative management gives everyone a say in issues affecting their work.
Participative management is an ethical imperative.
Participative management is crucial to the operation of an academic library program.
Participative membership is encouraged.
Participative methods engage the customer, user and other stakeholders.
Participatory approach forms the basis of all our interventions and support.
Participatory architecture awaits the application of current technology.
Participatory democracy entails responsibility to political, social and economic justice.
Participatory democracy includes discussion and debate as well as decision-making.
Participatory democracy is a new concept in Zambian politics.
Participatory democracy is now a common concept.
Participatory democracy is the only hope for Africa.
Participatory democracy is unavoidable.
Participatory democracy refers to political involvement at the local level.
Participatory design contrasts sharply with more traditional design processes.
Participatory design is particularly effective when designing customized software in-house.
Participatory design is similar to a jigsaw classroom.
Participatory design supports co-operation between users and system designers.
Participatory development is fully dependent upon communication and information sharing processes.
Participatory evaluation builds community ownership over the process and results.
Participatory evaluation can be productive and growth producing.
Participatory evaluation engages program stakeholders in the evaluation effort.
Participatory evaluation recognizes that programs have both strengths and limitations.
Participatory evaluations are reflective, action-oriented and seek to build capacity.
Participatory exercises are also action oriented and experience based.
Participatory experimentation ensures that technical options are tailored to farmers' circumstances.
Participatory government makes it harder for politicians to ignore concerns about famine.
Participatory initiatives are successful because they have a direct impact on people's lives.
Participatory inquiry creates special times and new possibilities.
Participatory inquiry takes time, skill, trust and patience for full cooperation to develop.
Participatory leaders take input from followers, but they retain control over the decision.
Participatory management is encouraged.
Participatory management works.
Participatory methods keep learners active in the learning process.
Participatory organization allows democracy without nosiness.
Participatory planning has a positive impact.
Participatory planning is necessary, especially since change occurs so incrementally.
Participatory production requires more than democratic councils plus simple rotation.
Participatory projects take time.
Participatory research can require a considerable time commitment from all collaborators.
Participatory research enables community people to become an integral part of the research process.
Participatory research is a hybrid that calls for continued work in the garden of ideas.
Participatory research is a particular strength.
Participatory research is based on praxis - reflection followed by action.
Participatory research is closely related, but tends to involve more contemporary issues.
Participatory research is evaluated by standards of scientific excellence and real- world relevance.
Participatory sports are the wellspring of champions, reads one sign in right field.
Participatory training requires well-organized preparations.
Participial adjectives have lexical pointers to the verbs that they are derived from.
Participial phrases are easy to overuse and can ruin otherwise adequate conversations.
Participial phrases contain verbs which act as adjectives in a sentence.
A participle is a verb
Participle isa verb.
Participles are forms of the verb that function as adjectives.
Participles are parts of speech.
Participles are verb forms and, hence, control the reader's perception of an action.
Participles are verbal adjectives .
Participles are verbal adjectives which modify nouns.
Participles are verbals.
Participles are verbs.
Participles can either be past participles or present participles and they act as an adjective.
Participles can occour both in attributive function or as non-finite forms in subordination.
Participles govern the same case as their verbs.
Participles have three functions in sentences.
Participles modify nouns and pronouns and can precede or follow the word modified.
Participles normally maintain their verbal valence even if they are nominalized, cp.
Participles referring to feminine singular objects require a following feminine suffix -i .
Participles work with a verb to further explain it.
Particle acceleration processes both in the corona and the interplanetary medium.
A particle accelerator is a scientific instrument
Particle accelerators accommodate very few experimental groups at any one time.
Particle accelerators play an integral role in the advancement of cancer therapy.
Particle accelerators work by moving charged particles in an electromagnetic field.
Some particle accelerators produce beams.
Particle aggregation influences the parameters of the reference viscosity law.
Particle astrophysics addresses issues that bear on the whole field of particle physics.
A particle beam is a beam
Particle beams are special sorts of electro-magnetic waves, a special sort of light.
Particle beams containing very large numbers of particles display complex collective dynamics.
Particle beams produce enough heat.
Particle beams produce heat.
All particle beams start from a particle source.
Most particle beams produce enough heat.
Most particle beams produce heat.
A particle board is a dry wall
Particle board is a wood product made from wood chips or sawdust glued together.
Particle board is made by finely chopping sawdust and resin.
Particle board is made by gluing wood chips together under pressure, using formadehyde-based glues.
Particle board is the base material used in most manufactured kitchen cabinets.
Particle board is the major contributor of formaldehyde to the home environment.
Particle board is used in building construction and furniture making.
Particle board is very dense, heavy, and flat.
Particle cosmology is aimed at understanding the early universe.
Particle counters are available for the continuos monitoring of specific areas.
Some particle counters perform same tasks.
Some particle counters perform tasks.
Particle decays reveal arrow of time.
All particle decays are due to interactions.
Particle density affects the rate at which the particles settle onto the continental shelf.
Particle deposition is the spontaneous attachment of particles to surfaces.
Particle deposition occurs along thermal gradients.
Particle deposition occurs in numerous natural and industrial systems.
A particle detector is a chamber
Particle detectors are the tools used by physicists to explore the interior of matter.
Particle displacement is sensed by the lateral line.
Particle effects are glorious, and the enemy models are varied and each look good in their own way.
Particle effects are primitive, but get the job done.
Particle filters have no fibers, binders, or additives.
Many particle filters are available to provide a clean gas sample.
Particle identification is crucial.
Particle jets form as a byproduct of a process called accretion.
Particle kinematics is the study of the trajectory of a particle.
Particle methods are useful for studying an enormous variety of systems.
Particle physics are physics.
Particle physicists are especially fond of histograms.
Particle physicists are on tenterhooks again.
Particle physicists await with bated breath.
Particle physicists consider the last solution to be fairly plausible.
Particle physicists do both.
Particle physicists do it energetically.
Particle physicists do it expensively.
Particle physicists do it with three colours and anti-colours.
Particle physicists seek it within the smallest bits of matter predicted by atomic theory.
Particle physicists talk about particle radii.
Particle physicists try to understand the nature of nature at the smallest scales possible.
Particle physicists use basic terms and concepts when describing their research.
A particle physics is a physics
Particle physics is a dead end, it is flat world stuff.
Particle physics is a lot like mountain climbing.
Particle physics is a network hungry application.
Particle physics is perhaps the most fundamental of sciences, but astronomy is the oldest.
Particle physics relies heavily on lots of data with good statistics.
Particle physics sites Links to many sites.
Most particle physics is done in collaborations, some very large.
Particle size affects the rate of organic matter breakdown.
Particle size can affect mixing of feed ingredients and digestion rate.
Particle size can be too small.
Particle size can have a fundamental effect on the physical properties of colloidal dispersions.
Particle size controls soil susceptibility to compaction.
Particle size decreases seaward for recent sediments.
Particle size does make a difference.
Particle size increases as rpm is decreased and as the flow of grain into the mill increases.
Particle size is a key characteristic of particle behavior in aquatic and atmospheric systems.
Particle size is a key factor in the overall performance of resin dispersions.
Particle size is also a factor.
Particle size is also an important parameter affecting the consistency of soap-based greases.
Particle size is also important.
Particle size is controlled by the amount of chemical added during the enflocculation process.
Particle size is determined by laser scattering.
Particle size is determined by the rates of particle collision and subsequent coalescence.
Particle size is everything when it comes to air pollution and health.
Particle size is excellent for closely-mowed bentgrasses.
Particle size is important in ceramics because it influences properties of unfired and fired ware.
Particle size is smaller than cement but bigger than silica fume.
Particle size is the key difference between haze and fog.
Particle size is very important in the process of chemical weathering.
Particle size makes all the difference in how the particles affect insects.
Particle size pumped can be much larger in lobe pumps than in other PD types.
Particle size ranges for sand, silt, and clay.
Particle size refers to the number of pixels being measured.
Particle size seems to be more important when grinding than rolling.
Particle size seems to play an important role in the success of the procedure.
Particle sizes are obtained by rates of diffusion of complex ions.
Particle sizes can vary from tiny clay particles suspended in moving water, to pebbles and boulders.
Particle sizes extend from the nanometer range over more than four orders of magnitude.
Particle sizes range from millimeter to tens of meters.
Some particle size affects retention.
Some particle size affects water retention.
Particle spins play crucial roles for current astro-, particle, and nuclear physics.
Particle theory is relatively new.
Particle velocities are for each direction .
A particle is a material
Particle attributes Particle attributes influence the ratio of aeration to water-holding porosity.
Particle can be any size and chemistry.
Particle experiences an acceleration.
Particle interactions the their symmetries.
Particle isa material.
Particle isa stuff.
Particle moves freely as long as .
Particle oscillates longitudinally due to the motion of the air around it.
Particle trajectories in double toroidal coil magnetic field.
Particles absorb energy.
Particles absorb enough energy to move fast enough to break away from each other.
Particles absorb the varnish and coalesce, resembling thicker and heavier paint more than pastel.
Particles accelerate when they acted on by forces.
Particles accrete .
Particles act independently but can exchange energy in collisions.
Particles also begin to move further apart.
Particles also provide attachment places for other pollutants, notably metals and bacteria.
Particles are a good example of billboarding.
Particles are accelerated by the implosion or explosion.
Particles are accelerated to the desired energy.
Particles are active or passive.
Particles are aggregates, several mm in size.
Particles are always in motion but the type of motion is different in each state of matter.
Particles are another tool useful for making explosions.
Particles are bodies.
Particles are bullet rosettes.
Particles are carried to the bristles by cur- rents induced by the beating of other appendages.
Particles are caught in the collar part of the choanocyte cells.
Particles are characterized by mass, charge, and spin.
Particles are collected by the tube feet and passed from foot to foot to the mouth.
Particles are color coded according electric charge, baryon, strangeness and open charm contents.
Particles are color coded according to qcd color.
Particles are color-coded with local density at the position of the particle.
Particles are difficult, too.
Particles are either bosons or fermions.
Particles are extremely dangerous to inhale.
Particles are function words.
Particles are in contact with each other but move about at random.
Particles are inanimate objects.
Particles are made up of quarks.
Particles are more dense.
Particles are particles only when they are in relationships.
Particles are parts of speech.
Particles are pieces of things, like a rock.
Particles are relatively easy.
Particles are singular, static, and separate from one another.
Particles are smooth and spherical.
Particles are so small that even a slight amount of corrosion can lead to loss of data.
Particles are steadier than planets.
Particles are swept into the gullet by cilia and are forced into food vacuoles.
Particles are the building blocks for all matter, from paper to primordial ooze.
Particles are the building blocks of a rigid body.
Particles are then collided and smashed apart so that their make up can be examined.
Particles are there because they are, and since they are, they stick to each other.
Particles are tiny bits of things such as dust, salt, and volcanic ash.
Particles are very important for proper Japanese sentence structure.
Particles are very small and are various sizes.
Particles are very tiny and sometimes impossible to see with the naked eye.
Particles are waves, waves are particles.
Particles become stuck to the tongue and are swallowed.
Particles bounce off each other, i.e. no overlapping.
Particles bounce off the hard surfaces and are picked up again by the swirling air.
Particles can adhere to contact lenses and cause corneal damage.
Particles can also be important.
Particles can also interact with deforming mesh surfaces and objects with gelatin properties.
Particles can also obscure the landscape, blocking out distant scenery or buildings.
Particles can also settle and clog spawning gravel or suffocate fish eggs.
Particles can be anywhere in the spatial domain.
Particles can be atoms , ions or molecules .
Particles can be crystalline, glassy, or amorphous.
Particles can be either positive, negative, or neutral .
Particles can be either positive, negative, or neutral.
Particles can be of a wide range of sizes.
Particles can be on two places at the same time.
Particles can be points, faces, segments or objects.
Particles can bond with each other to form larger solids.
Particles can bounce off an obstacle with controls over tangent and normals.
Particles can carry fundamental forces .
Particles can carry fundamental forces.
Particles can cause damage to tissues when inhaled or ingested.
Particles can enter the lungs with air, dust or smoke and irradiate healthy tissues.
Particles can get into the moving parts or the areas where the chain and sprocket engage.
Particles can have an intrinsic spin angular momentum as well as an orbital angular momentum.
Particles can interact with light by either absorbing or emitting photons.
Particles can move either left or right in the interlaced case.
Particles can move in both directions, such as Brownian particles, in the randomized case.
Particles can now remain on the same processor during the entire simulation.
Particles can only collide when the two sorts can meet.
Particles can only decay into lighter particles, never heavier ones.
Particles can only have a set amount of energy .
Particles can only have a set amount of energy.
Particles can provide surfaces on which water condenses.
Particles can range in size from large flakes to abrasives of microscopic dimensions.
Particles can reach Earth from flares that are located beyond the west limb.
Particles can travel back in time.
Particles carry charge.
Particles carry electric charge.
Particles carry electrical charge.
Particles carry electrical energy.
Particles carry electricity.
Particles carry energy.
Particles carry negative charge.
Particles carry negative electric charge.
Particles carry positive charge.
Particles carry positive electric charge.
Particles carry positive electrical charge.
Particles carry small electrical charge.
Particles cause inflammation.
Particles cause long-lasting ionospheric storm which disrupts long distance radio communication.
Particles certainly do.
Particles clump together following the addition of a specific antibody.
Particles come from many different sources, including soil, sea salt and diesel fuel exhaust.
Particles come from materials.
Particles come from sources.
Particles come from surface materials.
Particles come in bytes.
Particles come into being and are observed only in relationship to something else.
Particles come into being through interactions of energy sources with other energy sources.
Particles come into existence out of nothing.
Particles come off.
Particles come to rest in the gradient according to their densities.
Particles coming from the linear accelerator have a relatively low speed.
Particles conduct heat.
Particles connect parts, or whole sentences together.
Particles consist of self-contained electromagnetism that detaches from the medium.
Particles contain chemicals.
Particles containing lead in the air can enter the lungs.
Particles decay into smaller particles because the larger particles are unstable.
Particles dissolve in fluid.
Particles dissolve in liquids.
Particles drop out of suspension, as do such things as twigs, leaves, etc.
Particles enter atmospheres.
Particles enter regions.
Particles enter their safety glasses through air vents or gaps at the side or rear.
Particles enter through the opening aperture from the left.
Particles escape from sun - produce 'solar wind'.
Particles escape out of the exosphere into deep space.
Particles exist at a specific location.
Particles experience forces.
Particles fall at a rate proportional to the square of their diameter.
Particles fall into cracks.
Particles floating in the air are highly likely to come in contact with a critical site.
Particles flow through a patch object.
Particles follow geodesics in the geometry.
Particles form layers.
Particles from enter ducts.
Particles generally move in random walks in the space.
Particles generated from wafers abrading the carrier can directly cause defects and yield loss.
Particles get together and do things in concert.
Particles give energy.
Particles give sufficient energy.
Particles go around the torus thousands of times between collisions.
Particles have a definite mass and they occupy space.
Particles have a diameter roughly equal to the incident wavelength.
Particles have angles.
Particles have biochemical properties.
Particles have charge, thus, ions interact with particles.
Particles have charge.
Particles have components.
Particles have definite mass and occupy space.
Particles have diameters.
Particles have different masses.
Particles have distribution.
Particles have effects.
Particles have electric charge.
Particles have electrical charge.
Particles have energy.
Particles have enough energy.
Particles have high energy.
Particles have high kinetic energy.
Particles have internal structures.
Particles have kinetic energy.
Particles have layer structures.
Particles have lower average kinetic energy.
Particles have lower energy.
Particles have mass, but mass is energy.
Particles have mass.
Particles have mass.
Particles have motion.
Particles have negative charge.
Particles have negative effects.
Particles have negative energy.
Particles have negative potential energy.
Particles have no defined positions and velocities, just a combination of both.
Particles have positive charge.
Particles have potential energy.
Particles have properties.
Particles have real and positive energy and mass in the third dimension.
Particles have relative motion.
Particles have roles.
Particles have shapes.
Particles have structures.
Particles have their own measuring sticks and clocks.
Particles here are well separated in time if one considers the energy window of interest.
Particles however have a tendency to aggregate, creating larger particles which settle more rapidly.
Particles impinging on the first micro-channel plate create secondary electrons.
Particles interrupt light energy from a laser diode.
Particles investigates the constraints on the distribution and placement of verbal particles.
Particles irritate eyes.
Particles Learn about the very basics of creating smoke with no plugins.
Particles likewise play a central role in pollution and climate.
Particles lose energy and that energy is emitted as light.
Particles make up atoms.
Particles make up dark matter.
Particles make up materials.
Particles make up matter.
Particles make up ordinary matter.
Particles make up substances.
Particles move along actin filament bundles in nerve growth cones.
Particles move around very fast and collide.
Particles move at random angles in all directions, arbitrarily bouncing into various energy states.
Particles move down into the mouth and through the esophagus.
Particles move freely but quite slowly.
Particles move from regions.
Particles move from sides.
Particles move in direction of energy flow.
Particles move in random directions at high speed.
Particles move in straight lines, and change direction only when they collide with something.
Particles move on a domain that is block distributed.
Particles move perpendicular to the direction of energy flow.
Particles move randomly about within the fluid, due to thermal gradients.
Particles move very fast and randomly.
Particles move with the speed required for their energy.
Particles moving and doing work on other particles is energy and waves are how energy moves.
Particles nucleate huge phase transition, forming clouds of water droplets.
Particles obeying the two conditions have completely different behaviours.
Particles originate from diverse sources, both natural and anthropogenic.
Particles pass into stomachs.
Particles pass through gills.
Particles pass unaltered from generation to generation - so that variations can persist.
Particles pellet at the bottom of the plate.
Particles penetrate lungs.
Particles pile up to express their emotions.
Particles pollute water.
Particles pop in to and out of existence all the time.
Particles protruding over the edge of a hole are best for testing TEM high resolution performance.
Particles range from the nano-scale to macroscopic, increasing their functionality and complexity.
Particles range in size.
Particles reflect blue light.
Particles reflect enough sunlight.
Particles reflect light.
Particles reflect sunlight.
Particles remain in fix positions.
Particles remain in positions.
Particles remain marked even when a new time frame is loaded.
Particles represent a communications data packet as a collection of noncontiguous buffers.
Particles respond to forces.
Particles result from all sorts of combustion.
Particles roll along the surface in a process termed creep.
Particles serve as places of attachment for harmful microorganisms and toxic materials.
Particles settle faster in tropical water than they do in polar water.
Particles stick to the print and can then be lifted off with tape.
Particles stream from the sun at hundreds of kilometers per second.
Particles suspend in air.
Particles suspend in water.
Particles tend to form in thin laminae.
Particles tend to move from area of high concentration toward area of low concentration.
Particles tend to settle and compact in still water.
Particles tend to swirl around and flow in a disordered way.
Particles then diffuse into the chaotic sea at a slower rate.
Particles then float to the surface for removal by a skimmer system.
Particles then settle under gravity in the liquid medium with an evenly distributed inlet velocity.
Particles thrown out by the rapidly rotating core can heat the surrounding region, making it glow.
Particles transfer energy.
Particles transfer heat energy.
Particles transfer heat.
Particles transmit energy.
Particles transmit forces among each other by exchanging force-carrying particles called bosons.
Particles typically collide with satellites in about a hundred years.
Particles ultimately sink to the sediment.
Particles undergo deposition.
Particles vibrate in a fixed position.
Particles wash out in a week.
Particles always follow the word they modify.
Particles usually sink to the bottom of the tube.
All particles are also waves.
All particles are either fermions or bosons.
All particles are in continuous, random motion.
All particles are spheres and they are very close to each other and overlapped.
All particles break down together, and the explosion is complete in a few millionths of a second.
All particles correspond to a wave.
All particles decay either into a proton, electron or neutrino or a combination.
All particles exert a gravitational force of attraction upon each other.
All particles experience the force of gravity.
All particles have a wave nature when in relative motion to any observer.
All particles have antiparticles.
All particles have the same velocity modules when the velocity directions are randomly chosen.
All particles have wave properties.
All particles move in about the same orbit.
All particles origin from the same spot at the target where the collision took place.
All particles possess a bit of inner life, even atoms are conscious.
All particles remember the instant the singularity exploded and the universe was born.
Any particles present in the air provide additional sites.
Every particle attracts any other particle with a gravitational force.
Every particle consists of all other particles.
Every particle has a corresponding anti-particle.
Every particle has an antiparticle which is identical except the charge is opposite.
Every particle has an anti-particle, with the same mass, but an opposite charge and spin.
Every particle has mass.
Every particle is a small light source that emits some light.
Every particle is connected to every other particle, every galaxy to every other galaxy.
Every particle is either neutral or has an electrical charge that never changes.
Many particles also have rare decay modes.
Many particles are at there most attractive when they have been fermented.
Many particles come from the sun.
Many particles have Greek letter names.
More particles lead to more clusters.
More particles mean more entropy because they can rearrange themselves in more ways.
More particles produce a larger freezing point depression.
Most particles absorb energy.
Most particles are no bigger than a grain of sand.
Most particles are perinuclear, and some align along microtubules.
Most particles are smaller than a grain of sand and burn up in the Earth's atmosphere.
Most particles are tiny - dust specks.
Most particles are too small to be seen, but they contribute to haze in both urban and rural areas.
Most particles carry charge.
Most particles carry electric charge.
Most particles carry electrical charge.
Most particles carry electrical energy.
Most particles carry electricity.
Most particles carry energy.
Most particles carry negative charge.
Most particles carry negative electric charge.
Most particles carry positive charge.
Most particles carry positive electric charge.
Most particles carry positive electrical charge.
Most particles carry small electrical charge.
Most particles cause inflammation.
Most particles come from materials.
Most particles come from sources.
Most particles come from surface materials.
Most particles contain chemicals.
Most particles dissolve in fluid.
Most particles dissolve in liquids.
Most particles enter atmospheres.
Most particles enter regions.
Most particles give energy.
Most particles give sufficient energy.
Most particles have angles.
Most particles have biochemical properties.
Most particles have components.
Most particles have diameters.
Most particles have distribution.
Most particles have effects.
Most particles have electric charge.
Most particles have electrical charge.
Most particles have energy.
Most particles have enough energy.
Most particles have high energy.
Most particles have high kinetic energy.
Most particles have internal structures.
Most particles have kinetic energy.
Most particles have layer structures.
Most particles have lower average kinetic energy.
Most particles have lower energy.
Most particles have mass.
Most particles have motion.
Most particles have negative charge.
Most particles have negative effects.
Most particles have negative energy.
Most particles have negative potential energy.
Most particles have positive charge.
Most particles have potential energy.
Most particles have properties.
Most particles have relative motion.
Most particles have roles.
Most particles have shapes.
Most particles have structures.
Most particles have the size and composition of a large and dirty snowball.
Most particles irritate eyes.
Most particles make up atoms.
Most particles make up dark matter.
Most particles make up materials.
Most particles make up matter.
Most particles make up ordinary matter.
Most particles make up substances.
Most particles move from regions.
Most particles move from sides.
Most particles pass into stomachs.
Most particles pass through gills.
Most particles penetrate lungs.
Most particles range in size.
Most particles reflect blue light.
Most particles reflect enough sunlight.
Most particles reflect light.
Most particles reflect sunlight.
Most particles remain in fix positions.
Most particles remain in positions.
Most particles respond to forces.
Most particles sputter out on their trip through the calorimeters.
Most particles suspend in air.
Most particles suspend in water.
Most particles transfer heat energy.
Most particles transmit energy.
Most particles travel down the length of the tail and out into interplanetary space.
Most particles undergo deposition.
Most particles used are microscopic hollow ceramic spheres.
Some particles absorb heat.
Some particles accumulate in lungs.
Some particles accumulate in nuclei.
Some particles appear to be moving randomly for at least part of their trajectory.
Some particles are carcinogenic.
Some particles are colour neutral but have only two quarks.
Some particles are large enough to be visible as smoke or soot.
Some particles are large or dark enough to be seen as soot or smoke.
Some particles are large or dark enough to be seen, such as soot or smoke.
Some particles are massless, while others have mass and the range of their masses is enormous.
Some particles are natural, like volcanic ash.
Some particles are produced by combustion.
Some particles are so small they can only be detected with an electron microscope.
Some particles are too small to be trapped by filters such as vacuum cleaner bags.
Some particles become atmospheres.
Some particles become food.
Some particles become massive, some remain massless like the photon.
Some particles become organic waste.
Some particles become waste.
Some particles can be a little larger, about the size of a small pebble.
Some particles can be carcinogenic.
Some particles can even pass through the entire structure uninhibited if they take the correct path.
Some particles can have effects.
Some particles can travel at the speed of light.
Some particles cause damage.
Some particles cause diseases.
Some particles cause health problems.
Some particles cause illnesses.
Some particles cause injuries.
Some particles cause irritation.
Some particles cause problems.
Some particles cause reaction.
Some particles cause serious health problems.
Some particles cause serious problems.
Some particles cause tract irritation.
Some particles cause urinary irritation.
Some particles cause urinary tract irritation.
Some particles come from erosion.
Some particles come from interaction.
Some particles come from rays.
Some particles come from soil erosion.
Some particles come from solar wind.
Some particles come from wind.
Some particles conduct electricity.
Some particles contain cancer-causing materials.
Some particles contain cancer-producing materials.
Some particles contain crystalline silica.
Some particles contain lactose.
Some particles contain silica.
Some particles contain soot.
Some particles convert gases.
Some particles create light.
Some particles create meteors.
Some particles create northern light.
Some particles cross orbits.
Some particles emit light.
Some particles emit radiation.
Some particles enter containers.
Some particles enter digestive glands.
Some particles enter eyes.
Some particles enter glands.
Some particles enter guts.
Some particles enter liquids.
Some particles enter noses.
Some particles enter pharynxs.
Some particles enter tubules.
Some particles even have trouble logging on.
Some particles find in wood.
Some particles flow almost around the end of the field.
Some particles follow paths.
Some particles follow same paths.
Some particles have a natural origin , and other are produced by humans .
Some particles have ability.
Some particles have areas.
Some particles have attraction.
Some particles have density.
Some particles have differences.
Some particles have frictional strength.
Some particles have gas phases.
Some particles have green tints.
Some particles have high strength.
Some particles have high surface areas.
Some particles have phases.
Some particles have strength.
Some particles have strong attraction.
Some particles have surface areas.
Some particles have surfaces.
Some particles have tints.
Some particles hold water.
Some particles irritate lungs.
Some particles make it all the way to the bottom, where they contribute to bottom-set laminae.
Some particles make up liquids.
Some particles make up salt water.
Some particles make up water.
Some particles miss apparatus.
Some particles mix with dust grain.
Some particles mix with grain.
Some particles modify the word's part of speech .
Some particles pass into intestines.
Some particles pass into organs.
Some particles pass into small intestines.
Some particles pass into tissue.
Some particles pass through barriers.
Some particles pass through colons.
Some particles pass through fields.
Some particles pass through foil.
Some particles pass through layers.
Some particles pass through screens.
Some particles pass through sides.
Some particles pass through walls.
Some particles produce beams.
Some particles produce effects.
Some particles produce meteors.
Some particles produce radiation.
Some particles provide explanations.
Some particles rush through funnel-like openings at the poles, called the polar cusps.
Some particles suspend in fluid.
Some particles suspend in liquids.
Some particles undergo fermentation.
Some particles undergo microbial fermentation.
Some particles zip around geospace at speeds close to the speed of light.
Particular danger requires actions.
Particular danger requires emergency actions.
Particular energy requires consumption reaction.
Particular environmental conditions influence life history strategies.
Particular environmental conditions influence strategies.
Particular events become causes.
Particular experiments involve analyses.
Particular individuals need supervision.
Particular issues relate to health.
Particular methods require researchers.
Particular nutrients prevent illnesses.
Particular organisms live in environments.
Particular products result in responses.
Particular products result in specific responses.
Particular values vary from locations.
Particular isa fact.
Particularized findings are necessary in child support cases.
Particulary nice is the sundial display illustrating the length of shadow at particular times.
Particulate concentration reaches levels.
Particulate concentration reaches unhealthy levels.
Most particulate concentration reaches levels.
Most particulate concentration reaches unhealthy levels.
Particulate emissions are increasingly dangerous.
Particulate emissions occur whenever aggregate and rock are mechanically shattered.
Particulate emissions occur whenever rock and soil are drilled and blasted.
Particulate emissions result primarily from storing, crushing, and grinding the raw clay.
Particulate filters can increase the useful life of a coalescer by up to six times.
Particulate food includes small insect larvae, oligochaete worms, and tadpoles.
Particulate food passes into a. food vacuole in the cytoplasm, where it is digested.
Particulate matter consists of compounds.
Particulate matter is a material
Most particulate matter consists of compounds.
Most particulate matter is created by the burning of coal, oil and gasoline.
Particulate pollution can cause eye, nose and throat irritation and other health problems.
Particulate pollution can trigger asthma attacks and respiratory illness in sensitive individuals.
Particulate pollution emit out from all sources.
Particulate pollution is made up of dust, ash, smoke, dirt, and mold spores.
Particulate radiation consists of atomic nuclei or subatomic particles moving at high velocities.
Particulate radiation includes alpha and beta radiation.
Particulate radiation is more threatening to humans.
Particulate radiation is radiation in the form of particles.
Particulate radiation is radioactivity
Particulate radiation poses the greater threat to humans.
Particulate waste is captured in a stainless steel paste trap for fast and easy removal.
A particulate is a material
Particulates affect health by transporting toxic substances into the respiratory tract.
Particulates also deposit as sooty residues on buildings and automobiles.
Particulates are a cause.
Particulates are also the main source of haze, which reduces visibility.
Particulates are another story.
Particulates are by far the most serious pollutant.
Particulates are fine dust particles.
Particulates are materials.
Particulates are minute separate particles.
Particulates are mixtures of solid and liquid droplets of material that vary in size and origin.
Particulates are much harder to eliminate.
Particulates are small particles that can contribute to smog.
Particulates are small pieces of material in the air that are similir in size to very fine ash.
Particulates are solid or liquid materials small enough to suspend in air.
Particulates are solid particles or liquids in the atmosphere.
Particulates are the tiny particles of carbon in black smoke.
Particulates can affect breathing, damage paints, and reduce visibility.
Particulates can also aid mould growth.
Particulates can originate inside or outside hydraulic systems.
Particulates can settle on surfaces.
Particulates can substantially reduce visibility, which can increase accidents.
Particulates come from diesel, from thousands of cars running on diesel engines.
Particulates continue to harm our population, especially children with asthma.
Particulates have a great impact on visibility.
Particulates penetrate deep into lungs.
Particulates pose a major hazard for human health.
Particulates receive an electrical charge.
Particulates remain a problem, however, worsened by increasing vehicle exhaust and construction.
Particulates settle in the lungs and worsen asthma and bronchitis.
Any particulate is trapped for easy disposal.
Parties Parties are a good way to unwind and have fun.
Parties Parties are also ever-present in our group.
Parties Parties are limited to two a year for each classroom.
Parting Shots Learn more about our first completed short film.
Parting brings sorrow.
Parting can be extremely hard.
Parting can be such sweet sorrow.
Parting comes and hearts are broken, loved ones go with words unspoken.
Parting is always hard.
Parting is like cleavage, but only occurs along planes of structural weakness in twinned crystals.
Parting is painful.
Parting is such a sweet sorrow.
Parting is such sweet sorrow . . .
Parting is such sweet sorrow .
Parting is such sweet sorrow. .
Parting is such sweet sorrow.
Parting really is a sweet sorrow.
Parting seems the best for everyone.
Partings are never easy.
Partings are separations parallel to the bedding.
All partings are difficult.
Every parting gives a foretaste of death, every reunion a hint of the resurrection.
Every parting is a foretaste of death and every reunion a foretaste of resurrection.
Some partisan actions get more attention than others.
Some partisan activities can jeopardize a nonprofit s tax exemption.
Partisan affiliation is low on our list of what matters.
Partisan conflict characterizes the assembly s deliberations.
Partisan debates fit better into snappy soundbites.
Partisan differences are few in evaluations of video game manufacturers.
Partisan differences do show up in decisions to seek review and in the filing of amicus briefs.
Partisan dispute is meant famously to stop at the water s edge.
Partisan feelings yield to patriotism after the election.
Every partisan group generates fog banks of propaganda.
Partisan interests work to keep policy innovation to a minimum.
Partisan journalism can be good journalism.
Partisan loyalties do live on.
Partisan monitoring focuses on the protection of a favoured candidate or party's interests.
All partisan movements add to the fullness of our understanding of society as a whole.
Partisan patterns are simply impossible to detect.
Partisan rivalries continue to fester.
Partisan stunts seem only to occur when the ideas presented curtail the power of government.
A partisan is a pike
Partisans allege mishandling of ballots, attempts to stall process.
Partisans also receive bright tin confetti and streamers to hurl into the air, on cue.
Partisans are advocates.
Partisans are mostly anti-red residents of N Korea.
Partisans are people.
Partisans are pikes.
Partisans are so cool.
Partisans are weapons.
Partisans assemble in small meetings to state their preferences for president.
Partisans can argue till the cows come home about whether lies about sex are impeachable.
Partisans can bicker, but other people came to Washington to do a job.
Partisans can breathe easy, however.
Partisans decry some charges as ludicrous.
Partisans differ from fanatics in their methods.
Partisans have their good points.
Partisans spin fed report to own uses.
Partisans view coverage through their partisan glasses.
Partisanship can be good after all.
Partisanship clouds it all.
Partisanship distills information.
Partisanship finds a happier home in a newspaper than in a lot of other places.
Partisanship has little place in education.
Partisanship has no place in the struggle for equality, fairness and observance of human rights.
Partisanship is a good thing.
Partisanship is a tendency
Partisanship is evident here as well.
Partisanship is good.
Partisanship is governance.
Partisanship is one thing.
Partisanship is our great curse.
Partisanship is reality.
Partisanship is the essence of politics.
Partisanship makes gridlock in Washington the norm.
Partisanship makes it difficult to assess the truth.
Partisanship seems an ailment of democracy for which there is no easy cure.
Partisanship strikes at the very heart of judicial independence.
Partisanship tends to override the good of the people.
Partisanship often gets a bad rap today.
Partistic learners focus on just certain attributes of the provided data.
Partition walls are concrete masonry and fiberboard.
A partition is a structure
Partition covers all the years of the marriage unless the judgment indicates otherwise.
Partition ensures isolation and vulnerability.
Partition identifies the partition on the drive that is specified by the foregoing parameters.
Partition is a hard border, inevitably ethnic, inevitably state centric.
Partition is a process which occurs when a dominant group physically isolates the subordinate group.
Partition is a prophylactic.
Partition is a reaction that positions the plasmids at specific locations inside the cell.
Partition is also a way of responding to information warfare.
Partition is an equitable proceeding, and a court of equity seeks to do justice between the parties.
Partition is available to all but tenants by the entirety.
Partition is compellable between certain joint tenants and tenants in common.
Partition is for losers.
Partition is itself the main bulwark of reactionary ideologies.
Partition is our main concern and main problem.
Partition is the only reasonable solution.
Partition is to be legitimised.
Partition is wrong.
Partition occurs on the game turn following Turkish surrender.
Partition pour chant et piano.
Partition Resets the partition to default settings.
Partition Shows if the port has been disabled due to excessive jabber.
Partition takes away some of the best musical talents to Pakistan.
Partitions also lead to other conveniences.
Partitions are a very powerful tool for sharing and isolating environments within a single machine.
Partitions are also useful for meshing purposes.
Partitions are areas that are treated separately even though they are on the same drive physically.
Partitions are body parts.
Partitions are designed to be anchored into a concrete floor.
Partitions are essentially broad category areas where ratings are gathered.
Partitions are located in suitcases.
Partitions are seven feet high, leaving a four-foot opening above.
Partitions are similar to a whole disc in the fact that they consist of adjacent block.
Partitions are structures.
Partitions are visible to the system firmware and the installed operating system.
Partitions can be of equal or unequal size.
Partitions can be single or multiple lines.
Partitions can be useful tools in breeding.
Partitions can dynamically adjust according to the load and application requirements.
Partitions can help limit the repercussions of the operator's errors.
Partitions can help restrain the cow from moving sideways.
Partitions can operate independently for resiliency.
Partitions contain a file system which is a system of block marking for file storage.
Partitions contain all of the information for the connected subtree.
Partitions display intriguing patterns.
Partitions divide the dining areas.
Partitions have a way of waning.
Partitions provide minimal protection.
All partitions appear in the Explorer utility as separate hard drives.
All partitions remain the same size as the source.
Every partition is meant to be executed on a single node in the network.
Most partitions are normally primary.
Some partitions are short, yet have large crevices, And yet some are large, and have small crevices.
Some partitions measure as high as eight feet, with the interior walls going to the ceiling.
Partitioning disks can improve disk efficiency.
Partner abuse is defined as physical or emotional violence from a man or woman toward a coworker.
Partner dancing is definitely a different thing for everybody now.
Partner dancing is dependent on the balance of lead and follow.
Many partner groups are afraid to discuss change.
Partner notification continues to be authorized in involuntary cases.
Partner notification is currently in shambles.
Partner notification is done utilising passive methods in most instances.
Partner notification is essential in stopping the spread of STDs.
Partner notification is in shambles.
Partner notification is made by the index client or by a Disease Intervention Specialist.
Partner notification is more reliable.
Partner organizations serve communities.
A partner is a relative
Partner accompanies patient, insists on staying close to patient and answers all questions.
Partner acts as interviewer and takes notes on the worksheet.
Partner asks why law firm is getting into sex club business.
Partner can be a beginner rider, walk up hills and run flats.
Partner can checkback for three card spade support.
Partner can choose to provide the fully functional Professional release at no extra cost.
Partner can now evaluate the combined strength accurately to reach the best partnership decision.
Partner can pass with a minimum or bid game with extra values or good spade support.
Partner can pass.
Partner can provide feedback, assistance, and motivation.
Partner can request one copy of any video taped service of the past month at no charge.
Partner can thus solve more cutting problems than anyone else.
Partner can walk up hills, but run the flats.
Partner catches ball in front of head and repeats steps.
Partner chooses the best fit.
Partner comes on too strong or too fast.
Partner does orig.
Partner exercises teach and display some techniques better than individual exercises.
Partner gains a permanent competitive advantage.
Partner grits with tomato gravy, a pasta sauce or vegetables for grits primavera.
Partner has six hearts, four clubs and minimum values.
Partner helps spot and teach good form.
Partner hits a drop shot and the receiver returns with a hairpin shot.
Partner hits ball from baseline to corner.
Partner hits short ball down sideline.
Partner holds feet.
Partner is a passed hand.
Partner is a reporting issuer in Ontario.
Partner is a show-off, is arrogant, selfish, or manipulative.
Partner is alleged spouse and there is evidence of an exploitive relationship.
Partner is county attorney.
Partner is dead on danger ball, less risky.
Partner is defined as any host site that offers access to the source.
Partner is fuzzy that way.
Partner is in a right forward stance.
Partner is jealous, possessive, or controlling.
Partner is marked with a stiff spade.
Partner is optional.
Partner is required.
Partner is responsible for first level support.
Partner is responsible for the creation of the customer s site.
Partner is simple.
Partner is solely responsible for ensuring that their Referral link is setup properly on their Site.
Partner is suggested.
Partner is supposed to be short in clubs, but is also supposed to be short in diamonds.
Partner is the high rise building on the left.
Partner is the key word.
Partner is totally responsible for installing and setting up their referral link.
Partner is under pressure.
Partner is used to trigger fantasy.
Partner isa individual.
Partner isa person.
Partner isa somebody.
Partner isa someone.
Partner knows pour strength, our approximate shape, and is well-placed to judge what to do.
Partner launches balls just over net at moderate speed.
Partner leads in terms of subscriber growth.
Partner Libraries Our second purpose was to visit our partner libraries.
Partner mixes fertilizer.
Partner obviously has the minors with longer clubs.
Partner opens a strong notrump as dealer.
Partner pitches a spade and a diamond.
Partner prefers it.
Partner probably has solid hearts and only one outside card.
Partner puts up money.
Partner rebounds ball and passes accurately to peer.
Partner ruffs higher than dummy, but declarer is down to all trump and claims shortly.
Partner s Best a.
Partner s in Business - orientation for all new members.
Partner serve from endline.
Partner serves short and receiver hits high underhand clear.
Partner stands just behind and rolls ball along ground.
Partner stands to side to avoid getting hit.
Partner steps forward and punches high, student steps back with left high block.
Partner steps forward and punches low, student steps back with left down block.
Partner steps forward with the left and punches at the right shoulder.
Partner stunting is also a big part of cheerleading.
Partner suggests equal leverage.
Partner supports both laser and dot matrix printers.
Partner then bids three diamonds.
Partner then bids three hearts.
Partner then prompts.
Partner throws ball overhand from other side of net to be returned with half volley.
Partner tosses ball onto platform.
Partner tosses ball to either side for catcher to show proper form.
Partner tosses ball to setter who sets to target hitter.
Partner tosses bouncing ball to opponent who kicks back to server using one of the volleys.
Partner tosses bouncing ball to player to kick using one of the volleys.
Partner touches their head, shoulders, and knees and catches the ball.
Partner works occasionally as contract laborer.
Partners accusin' each other of all sorts of crimes.
Partners acknowledge, understand, and share in risk taking.
Partners act like employees and employees now act as internal business partners.
Partners acutely notice differences in price.
Partners add counters together.
Partners ADL integrates the best solutions from the industry's leaders.
Partners adopt resolution to dissolve.
Partners affect behaviour.
Partners agree on a mutually beneficial project and work together toward a set of common objectives.
Partners agree to develop and implement formal strategies to reduce the use and risk of pesticides.
Partners allow underperforming ventures to go on indefinitely without any clear benefits.
Partners also advise juniors.
Partners also believe in focusing on outcomes to impact community health.
Partners also benefit from early access to code developed for the prototype.
Partners also design an individualized program of personal professional development.
Partners also gain access to FinancialCAD product development, support and marketing skills.
Partners also get exposure on our web site with links to partner web sites.
Partners also have the option of providing coupons to be distributed with each communication.
Partners also help finance clinic construction and operation.
Partners also participate in a vibrant campus life.
Partners also provide suggestions for potential media events.
Partners also provide teacher internships and serve as mentors for students.
Partners also provide training through an extensive array of educational programs.
Partners also receive health and dental insurance.
Partners also receive technical support, co-marketing opportunities, and other benefits.
Partners also retire.
Partners also share information and build local support for education reform.
Partners also tell each other what they like about each other's poems.
Partners also watch for a sustainable revenue base.
Partners also work with the organizations to help design metrics to measure and demonstrate success.
Partners alternate in making decisions.
Partners appoint implementation managers and submit annual progress reports.
Partners are a critical channel for an increasing number of companies.
Partners are a good idea.
Partners are able to effectively and equitably share benefits and resources.
Partners are able to integrate their new solutions into multi-platform and legacy networks.
Partners are able to start their own web hosting business for a fraction of the normal costs.
Partners are active in all clients.
Partners are allies, colleagues and friends who have a common purpose.
Partners are also very welcome to attend.
Partners are always welcome and encouraged to attend.
Partners are approachable, patient and helpful in giving guidance.
Partners are associates.
Partners are available and helpful.
Partners are available for a variety of projects at all school levels.
Partners are aware of good practices in their own access centre and in others.
Partners are between the proverbial rock and the hard place.
Partners are books.
Partners are committed to improving one or more conditions within the community for the long run.
Partners are committed to sustaining programs and relationships.
Partners are committed to the same measurable outcomes.
Partners are consistent in the services they deliver.
Partners are courteous and generally friendly.
Partners are critical to the future success and image of a public space improvement project.
Partners are driven, high energy people who exude self-confidence.
Partners are expensive.
Partners are fiduciaries of the partnership.
Partners are friends who work together in an activity of vital interest to all involved.
Partners are fully liable.
Partners are gays.
Partners are harried and overworked and under a lot of pressure.
Partners are important in the practice of Aikido and in time close friendships develop.
Partners are key to obtaining access to both POPs and subscribers.
Partners are key to the success of our specialists.
Partners are key to the success of the event.
Partners are leaders in technology and innovation.
Partners are legal agents for each other.
Partners are liable for each other's debts and contracts.
Partners are likely to be significant providers of long term care for older people.
Partners are more active as key communicators and as champion recruiters.
Partners are much easier for consumers to find.
Partners are no longer at firms for their professional lives.
Partners are normally always liable for the business's debts.
Partners are normally responsible for all elements of the job.
Partners are often the most intimate with the deceased.
Partners are open to and accepting of change and adjustment.
Partners are organizations that are invited to participate.
Partners are organizations that use pesticides or represent pesticide users.
Partners are part of the decision making process.
Partners are people.
Partners are persistent and committed for the long term, and are willing to take on new roles.
Partners are personally liable for debts and taxes, and are taxed separately.
Partners are personally responsible for their loans.
Partners are ready.
Partners are responsible for checking over each other's equipment.
Partners are responsible for creating, managing, and reviewing content.
Partners are responsible for fees charged by their banks.
Partners are responsible for identifying recipient institutions and for nationwide distribution.
Partners are responsible for reading and responding to one another's reactions.
Partners are responsible for submitting service requests on behalf of their client.
Partners are responsible for successful customer interactions and revenue and expense.
Partners are responsible for the business-related actions of all other partners.
Partners are responsible for the cost of training and testing.
Partners are responsible.
Partners are satisfied with the availability of information.
Partners are satisfied with the reliability of the information.
Partners are so busy.
Partners are solely responsible for the technical operation and functionality of their sites.
Partners are subject to change without notice.
Partners are the core of our business.
Partners are the foundation.
Partners are the key to the success of the program.
Partners are the same sex and age and share interests.
Partners are to be determined by lottery each month.
Partners are to compile their information and maps into booklet form.
Partners are treated with dignity, property is managed with limited concern.
Partners are unable to express their feelings to each other.
Partners are under extreme pressures to produce revenue and billing.
Partners are universities, research institutes, industry and government agencies.
Partners are usually from the same college but there is no requirement that they are.
Partners are very welcome to attend.
Partners are very welcome.
Partners are visible and recognized for valued community service.
Partners are welcome and encouraged to attend.
Partners are welcome and encouraged to come.
Partners are welcome and post-abortion counseling is available.
Partners are welcome at some events.
Partners are welcome to attend the dinner.
Partners are welcome to attend.
Partners are welcome to the reunion and overnight accommodation can be arranged if required.
Partners are welcome.
Partners are Welcome.
Partners are willing to ask for information, resources, skills, and authority.
Partners are willing to define their commitment and specific role.
Partners are, however, liable for the activities of a general partnership.
Partners arise with a ache if exchange venetian mirror.
Partners arrange the time, place, and frequency of meetings.
Partners arrive at homes.
Partners assist with financial support.
Partners assume all the risks for the business personally.
Partners assume chances.
Partners assume no responsibility for errors or omission in the data.
Partners assure access to learning by all students.
Partners attend eight two-day training sessions held over a period of eight months.
Partners automatically receive monthly newsletter.
Partners avoid talking about money and dealing with the emotions it evokes.
Partners be Britain into silk till any flowers thus seek beneath lots east.
Partners be Britain into silk till any shopping thus seek beneath lots east.
Partners be Britain into silk till any telecom thus seek beneath lots east.
Partners be givers into the Kingdom of God and follow sound financial advise .
Partners begin courtship by circling, sniffing, and licking eachother.
Partners begin Date during decision beyond the belleville therefore shot off none circle.
Partners begin Date during decision beyond the cincinnati punk rock therefore shot off none circle.
Partners begin Date during decision beyond the st.
Partners begin to exchange places.
Partners begin to implement the prototype.
Partners begin to question the functional capabilities of their spouse.
Partners begin to set the ball across to each other with no arc of the ball.
Partners Below are links to some of our partners.
Partners bow, face each other in mirror image fighting stances.
Partners bow, face each other in the same fighting stance, offset to the side a bit.
Partners bring both assets and liabilities to the partnership.
Partners bring different traditions and beliefs from their previous families.
Partners bring their resources to the table.
Partners buy houses.
Partners calculates the applicant's current potential without any subsidies or grants.
Partners can access their account online at anytime and check their account activity.
Partners can also alternate driving, regardless of ewho holed out on the previous hole.
Partners can also control access to their cores by requiring authentication or a password.
Partners can also increase their basis when a change in ownership occurs.
Partners can also integrate a 'white label' reporting section within their own website.
Partners can also learn to do the injections.
Partners can also provide information to parents moving to the state.
Partners can also provide services to program staff and members.
Partners can also serve advertising on the custom pages.
Partners can also take advantage of the free web page presence on our site.
Partners can also track the amount of money they have raised online.
Partners can assist teachers in focusing on the bottom line-facilitating learning.
Partners can be a wonderful asset in the operation of a successful loaner site.
Partners can be between groups from the same neighborhood, adjacent neighborhoods or elsewhere.
Partners can be either foreign or Japanese individuals or corporations.
Partners can be either internal or external.
Partners can be individuals, corporations, trusts, estates and other partnerships.
Partners can be program volunteers or older kids with more bike experience.
Partners can be somewhat immature at times.
Partners can be youths of any age seeking guidance and an experienced friend.
Partners can bring different strengths, skills, and resources to the business.
Partners can bundle their own expertise to deliver optimized practices to customers.
Partners can buy additional tickets for the dinner and for lunch at the registration desk.
Partners can co-establish new research centers.
Partners can collect orders through their churches, schools, or men and woman s groups.
Partners can concentrate on their core business without wasting resources on technical issues.
Partners can confir and compare their work.
Partners can contribute resources other than money.
Partners can create a variety of growing patterns.
Partners can deduct business losses against income from other sources.
Partners can define the document types however they want.
Partners can download free evaluation and demonstration products from the partner Web site.
Partners can easily embed intelligence into any solution or application.
Partners can elect all or only one part.
Partners can end their participation in the program at any time.
Partners can enjoy it together while hugging and kissing or watching one another.
Partners can enter and exit the network with minimal disruptions and costs.
Partners can expand their scope of services and outreach via our custom data-sharing technologies.
Partners can expect the following levels of recognition.
Partners can experiment with different levels of arousal.
Partners can extend the architecture via replacing modules and server side scripting.
Partners can find information on how to register and renew service and support contracts.
Partners can have a positive effect on their partner's pregnancy.
Partners can have high expectations about the sexual aspects of reunion.
Partners can have wars of wills.
Partners can help dispel myths about the census and explain that the answers given are confidential.
Partners can help with nipple stimulation as well.
Partners can include any one who has an interest in the watershed.
Partners can include both industry and public sector organisations engaged in research.
Partners can include suppliers, distributors, joint ventures and alliances.
Partners can increase coverage while reducing the cost of coverage.
Partners can join the Virginia Campus Corporate Liaison Program .
Partners can keep an eye on each other and can assist each other when needed.
Partners can learn how to talk, trust, forgive and enjoy each other in new ways.
Partners can lease or buy as a block creating economic viability.
Partners can link their storefront presence to other sites around the web.
Partners can log in and view various documents and reports based on their interest in the company.
Partners can mixed with other categories.
Partners can offer some or all of the following services to their members.
Partners can opt to write together about a realistic or science fiction day.
Partners can order snacks as frequently and infrequently as they want.
Partners can own cars, furniture, bank accounts and investments in both names.
Partners can participate in decisions regarding many aspects of their horses' future.
Partners can pick new person, or leave program for a quarter.
Partners can post as many links as they like on their site.
Partners can post complete product spec sheets along with product and company graphics.
Partners can post events and services.
Partners can provide a good source of funds, but sometimes too many cooks spoil the broth.
Partners can provide both program and presenter ideas, and help the library tap into new audiences.
Partners can provide support for individuals with impotence.
Partners can push the storyteller for more details if elements of the story are unclear.
Partners can register clients right at their desks on the Internet.
Partners can reinforce each other's learning while building relationships.
Partners can request that a retired person or external paid person be their mentor.
Partners can schedule pick up and departures from any airport.
Partners can select subsets of the entire content based upon their target audience.
Partners can sell their interests with the consent of all other partners.
Partners can significantly reduce order cycle time.
Partners can solve customer problems with a comprehensive portfolio.
Partners can sometimes only share the burdens, no more, but certainly no less.
Partners can specify what their customers can buy, and what payment options to offer.
Partners can still be intimate, loving, and caring, even though they abstain from intercourse.
Partners can switch roles, if they like.
Partners can take advantage of our experienced in-house software team.
Partners can take different shares of the profits or losses.
Partners can take turns explaining to each other how each force affects a plane in flight.
Partners can take turns making statements about the number of blocks used.
Partners can take up to two weeks paternity leave around the time of the birth.
Partners can talk each other out of foolish endeavors.
Partners can tap on each other simultaneously.
Partners can try to help eachother by adding cards to existing melds and to go out.
Partners can upgrade their membership by increasing their marketing commitment and revenue.
Partners can upgrade their storefront presence, and link it to other sites around the web.
Partners can use the extranet to reciprocate.
Partners can value-add the services by providing the technical setup and integration expertise.
Partners can walk away from the slightest inconvenience, at any time, with court assistance.
Partners can work cooperatively to support service delivery across an entire supply chain.
Partners can work things out no matter how far apart they seem.
Partners can write their comments on the draft itself.
Partners care for each case with personal attention.
Partners carrying on business can sue or be sued in the firm name.
Partners change frequently.
Partners check each other's sentences.
Partners check each other's work.
Partners choose heads or tails and flip a penny.
Partners Clearly delineate goals and responsibilities of all partners.
Partners click here to see why celestry is such a fun company to work for.
Partners click here.
Partners collect the insects in the bags or jars.
Partners collect their tricks in one pile.
Partners come and go for a variety of reasons.
Partners come from all sectors of the information industry.
Partners comment on letters according to guidelines established.
Partners commit to a written plan which is assessed on an annual basis.
Partners commit to the concept of a business and a school working together.
Partners communicate in such a way as to create a learning community.
Partners compare drawings when finished to see how close they came to the original.
Partners compete against each other for awards.
Partners complete the exchange and drop right hands.
Partners complicate our lives.
Partners comprise of the leading telcos, operators, wireless operators and ISPs.
Partners computes the amounts.
Partners conduct friendly communication and exchange written compositions for each other's critique.
Partners connecting with other partners can be a good source of support.
Partners constantly practice the pattern as they switch partners.
Partners continue into many strength as borne casinos.
Partners continue into many strength as borne cyber blackjack.
Partners continue into many strength as borne Free cardgame.
Partners continue to be very important to our composting programs.
Partners contribute money and participate in the management of the club on a monthly basis.
Partners contribute their time, talent expertise and financial resources.
Partners contribute their time, talent, expertise and financial resources.
Partners crack nakedsluts nakedsluts red partners check masterbating red stuff.
Partners create educative communities that seek to develop a more just and sustainable society.
Partners dance with every other couple in the line.
Partners decide on both a locomotor and a non locomotor movement.
Partners deserve attention.
Partners deserve further attention.
Partners design ad campaigns targeted at young people.
Partners designate a program coordinator for the system-wide benchmarking project.
Partners determine breadth and focus on air quality issues.
Partners determine breadth, focus on air quality issues.
Partners determine the mass of the raisin bread.
Partners develop and implement an interdisciplinary unit of study.
Partners develops strategies to assess the quality of the referral system.
Partners discuss activities.
Partners discuss the likenesses and differences of their pictures.
Partners do have the right to refuse to do something.
Partners do likewise when they excoriate each other on parting.
Partners do much more than deliver public programs.
Partners do the work of the organization.
Partners do, however, remain personally liable for all other debts of the partnership.
Partners earn two dollars on each referred visitor that requests a free new or used car price quote.
Partners either agree to differ or find some measure of compromise.
Partners email each other their writing journal.
Partners encourage each other and helps dieters be accountable for following the plan.
Partners engage in critical social inquiry concerning school and teacher practices.
Partners engage in the development of relationships that actually form the partnership.
Partners enjoy a variety of recognition.
Partners enjoy around no blackboard though forbid auto racing digest.
Partners enjoy around no blackboard though forbid ironman magazines.
Partners enjoy increased retention and higher revenue.
Partners enter residences.
Partners escape liability by setting up limited partnerships.
Partners exchange places without changing facing directions.
Partners exhibit a high degree of integrity so they know that they can count on each other.
Partners experience distress.
Partners experience emotional distress.
Partners explore options.
Partners express thoughts.
Partners extend across the country.
Partners face each other in open dance position.
Partners face each other in same stance.
Partners face each other in silence.
Partners face one another.
Partners face the thrower.
Partners fail to address retirement issues.
Partners fail to clarify what they expect of one another.
Partners fan out to meet the contestants.
Partners feel chained to the relationship.
Partners feel death.
Partners feel otherwise.
Partners feel the pressure to perform.
Partners Find out about our partnerships.
Partners Find out how our site works.
Partners Find out more about partnerships with Homestead.
Partners Find out more about the CoBrow team and our sponsoring partners.
Partners Find someone to climb with.
Partners forbid Chapter beside strength along an bible review magazines whether swept to lots paper.
Partners forbid Chapter beside strength along an home theatre magazine whether swept to lots paper.
Partners forbid Chapter beside strength along an supplies magazines whether swept to lots paper.
Partners further suggests that domestic partnership legislation codifies a second class status.
Partners gain among whatever product or laugh aerospace technology manufacturing case.
Partners gain experience.
Partners gain the opportunity to train a labor force with skills to meet their needs.
Partners generally have equal voice.
Partners generally treat associates with a high level of respect, reports one contact.
Partners get along well and share equally in responsibilities.
Partners get an open working environment for their activities in learning subjects.
Partners get anxious when they discuss retirement, and the potential for acrimony is substantial.
Partners get cold feet and have to be bought out.
Partners get credit for repeat or return business.
Partners get experience in planning and developing materials necessary for tutoring.
Partners get steam up.
Partners give and receive necessary information.
Partners give and take with each other so both are served.
Partners give each other presents, kissing at the end.
Partners give verbal instructions to create pictures with a manipulative package of various shapes.
Partners gradually create more and more distance from one another.
Partners has everything from pancakes to burgers and pizza.
Partners have (part) arms.
Partners have (part) body substances.
Partners have (part) cell membranes.
Partners have (part) cells.
Partners have (part) corpi.
Partners have (part) cytoplasm.
Partners have (part) heads.
Partners have (part) human bodies.
Partners have (part) legs.
Partners have (part) material bodies.
Partners have (part) necks.
Partners have (part) nuclei.
Partners have (part) personality.
Partners have (part) plasma membranes.
Partners have (part) sections.
Partners have (part) vacuoles.
Partners have a long-standing disagreement about partner retirement.
Partners have an understanding of their roles and relationships.
Partners have children.
Partners have complete control and destiny ownership in their own respective sections of the site.
Partners have different definitions of the relationship and different expectations.
Partners have different skills and can achieve things in different ways.
Partners have differing values.
Partners have direct input to the research programs of the department.
Partners have disability.
Partners have equal rights to use partnership property for partnership purposes.
Partners have equal standing in the regime.
Partners have even more independence.
Partners have families.
Partners have fears regarding the myths and realities of what epilepsy actually is.
Partners have interest.
Partners have large families.
Partners have more time available for personal interests as well as for their relationship.
Partners have nothing but good words for one another.
Partners have risks as well as benefits.
Partners have risks well as benefits.
Partners have similar presentations planned for industry in their own countries.
Partners have staff onsite at all centers and training provider information has been submitted.
Partners have the ability to track sales and referral hits online.
Partners have the freedom to preconfigure computers to connect to Atlantic.
Partners have the option of publishing appropriate comments from customers on their web pages.
Partners have the right to inspect and copy books and records during ordinary business hours.
Partners have to be close.
Partners have to debate management accounts, outlays and profit margins.
Partners have to find ways of adding value to Cisco products in order to survive and thrive.
Partners have to make a simple sentence describing the relationships.
Partners have to negotiate specifications as well as how to split the cost of the system.
Partners have to share both liability and business risk.
Partners have to understand and be VERY careful.
Partners have unlimited liability.
Partners have unlimited personal liability.
Partners have ups and downs but work on it.
Partners have very different needs for sex and intimacy.
Partners have widely differing views on retirement issues.
Partners have widely differing views on the work ethic.
Partners help breakthroughs.
Partners help carry out almost all CARE programs.
Partners help policy.
Partners helps existing companies launch new online divisions or create new Net businesses.
Partners hire about that smell next enter wool trousers.
Partners hold each other accountable through an ongoing system of peer review.
Partners hold hands.
Partners hope the changes make a difference.
Partners hope to hear more about the strategy.
Partners ideally bring a variety of strengths and potential contributions to the table.
Partners identify economic development opportunities based upon excellence and synergy.
Partners identify practical and measurable goals based on their specific needs.
Partners includes civics, confidence building, grassroots radicalism.
Partners increase opportunity.
Partners inquire what rules govern a Web site.
Partners integrate our suite of online services into the functionality of their site.
Partners introduce each other to the group.
Partners introduce themselves and their favorite mobile data products.
Partners is a non-profit organization supported in part by charitable contributions.
Partners is a professional military and intelligence advisory firm.
Partners is about giving back ownership of our natural areas to the citizens of Story County.
Partners is also about spreading the word.
Partners is an effective and powerful effort because it combines national and local expertise.
Partners is composed of an impressive array of renowned organizations.
Partners is just the leading edge.
Partners is nondenominational in breed and focus.
Partners is the global network for international hospitality academic programs and businesses.
Partners is where pets go to play Train with the elite dog school of the Southwest.
Partners join right hands and pass each other shoulder to shoulder.
Partners keep jumping together with single or double bounces.
Partners keep their tricks together.
Partners kneel formally ,facing each other at a proper distance.
Partners Learn about our key partners.
Partners Learn about our partners in the audit and business community.
Partners Learn about the partnership and how it evolved.
Partners learn from and teach each other on an on-going basis.
Partners learn from each other and learn from our joint clients.
Partners Learn more by clicking here to register.
Partners learn to investigate and analyze next steps to grow, accept challenges, take action.
Partners leave, new pairings are made, numbers are crunched, offices relocate and lifestyles change.
Partners lend support in building a statewide network.
Partners lie on their backs with the soles of their feet together.
Partners lie with their heads at opposite ends of the bed, on their sides.
Partners line up back to back.
Partners line up in two rows facing each other.
Partners listen carefully to each other.
Partners lose close friends.
Partners lose friends.
Partners lose lbs.
Partners make drawings in the same way as sole traders.
Partners make it work.
Partners make presentations to the students and help guide field trips.
Partners manage their own knowledge sector.
Partners match funding through in-kind services and use of facilities, resources and supplies.
Partners mate for life, and maintain the same nest site throughout their lives.
Partners may have children.
Partners may have life.
Partners may have misconception.
Partners may have sexual life.
Partners meet as required with PMs to review project progress.
Partners meet on an informal basis, usually once per week.
Partners meet one day each week.
Partners meet regularly to maintain a high level of shared international experience.
Partners meet, take nearer hands, and dance back to place.
Partners monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of the collaboration.
Partners move through four phases, the first being the initial public commitment to safe water.
Partners name and launch each boat.
Partners now moves for summary judgment as to the relevant claims.
Partners obey from all stamp but arose chirp magazines.
Partners offer a continuous sense of audience and almost immediate feedback.
Partners offer a range of services including installation, training, maintenance and support.
Partners offer assistance.
Partners offer food.
Partners offer toward some desk for belong golf resort arizona.
Partners offers a variety of programs and screening opportunities.
Partners offers basic training and formation for lectionary-based, liturgical preaching.
Partners offers custom instruction in a variety of software packages.
Partners offload production from the unit through a floating hose to export tankers.
Partners only exist in the context of a partnership agreement.
Partners only please.
Partners open a new avenue for involvement in a community, and a potential link to new markets.
Partners operates with a world view, thinking globally while acting locally.
Partners owe a fiduciary duty to the partnership and to the other partners.
Partners pair up and test and balance each other.
Partners participate in establishing environmental education priorities for the future.
Partners participate in implementing the technology plan.
Partners participate in joint training efforts to facilitate knowledge transfer.
Partners participate in reviews annually.
Partners participate in social, leisure and recreation activities throughout the year.
Partners participate so that the techniques can be applied at home.
Partners pay income tax on their distributive share of income derived from the partnership.
Partners pay only personal income tax.
Partners pay tax on partnership income on their own individual returns.
Partners pay tax on their distributions from the partnership.
Partners paying till no blackboard though enjoy c q radio amateurs jrnl magazine.
Partners perform natural opposites.
Partners physically become one.
Partners plan an ad campaign targeted at young people.
Partners play a singles game using only hairpins or smashes and keeping track of points.
Partners play an invaluable role as they question and help each other refine their lessons.
Partners point out that the benefits are far reaching.
Partners proposes developing demonstration projects in communities.
Partners provide credibility, growth, and ultimately, a path to leadership.
Partners provide expertise.
Partners provide regular inputs, discuss and announce events and exchange their experience.
Partners provide resources in any number of ways.
Partners provide technical expertise.
Partners Provide the resources, spread the risk , and ensure support.
Partners provide tutors in math and writing result which have resulted in improved scores.
Partners Provides a list of Consortium partners.
Partners provides a wonderful opportunity to make the difference in the life of a child.
Partners provides excellent benefits, including health and retirement packages.
Partners provides the calculations.
Partners pursue interest.
Partners pursue own interest.
Partners qualify for their grants by raising local matching local dollars.
Partners raise money just as the other team members do, but they have a different job.
Partners range from federal and state, to nongovernmental organizations and the academic community.
Partners range from major multinationals to small manufacturing, service and high-technology firms.
Partners read and record race results on worksheets.
Partners read one another's composition and are asked to respond to content only.
Partners realize new benefits from a cooperative marketing and sales relationship.
Partners receive a commission fee based on gross revenue from the referral.
Partners receive a complimentary table and publicity at our annual meeting.
Partners receive a percentage of the transaction revenue generated by their users.
Partners receive a preconfigured black box to install on customer sites.
Partners receive a prominent listing and a discount in advertising.
Partners receive a toll free number for direct access to technical support.
Partners receive applicable discount.
Partners receive attractive margins that can grow as their business does.
Partners receive automatic upgrades and enhancements to the software.
Partners receive calls.
Partners receive competitive discounts on software and documentation for developing their solutions.
Partners receive options based on a percentage of annual wages.
Partners receive referrals from ads, trade shows, direct mail and other marketing activities.
Partners receive sales and marketing information, collateral, tools and support.
Partners receive special allocations as rewards for their extraordinary efforts.
Partners receive the newsletter and invitations to special events.
Partners receive virtually all the same rights, benefits and responsibilities that spouses do.
Partners rely on trust.
Partners repeat or reverse each other's steps in both adagios.
Partners repeat the activity with a different combination or different number of blocks.
Partners repeat the penny grabs several times.
Partners respond as much to how something is said as to what is said.
Partners return first drafts to authors.
Partners reverse roles and repeat the activity.
Partners review each others heart fact and then show each other the skill learned.
Partners RNi strategic alliances.
Partners run away from the thrower.
Partners run the gamut when it comes to the types of stores they build.
Partners say good morning.
Partners says only part of the corporate costs are operating expenses.
Partners search in Europe.
Partners see themselves as a tight-knit group.
Partners seek to establish a fair market value for their business interest.
Partners seeks ways to develop the careers of women in medicine, especially academic medicine.
Partners serve as board members and associates serve on committees.
Partners set a bottom-line target for the next year.
Partners share a hood for the lab section allowing each section to consist of twenty-four students.
Partners share a love for the auction business Auctions bring all kinds of people together.
Partners share a nice rapport.
Partners share business profits.
Partners share close personal relationship and are responsible for each other's common welfare.
Partners share control of business operations.
Partners share control over assigned tasks.
Partners share critical paths, staffing patterns, clinical protocols, and implementation insights.
Partners share in the profits according to the terms of the agreement.
Partners share in the profits of the firm.
Partners share income and losses and are jointly and severally liable for partnership debts.
Partners share lockers only.
Partners share principles, which makes the sides equals.
Partners share responsibility for their continuity practices.
Partners share risk of business failure.
Partners share the credit for the partnership's accomplishments.
Partners shift and change, too.
Partners show affection to each other by preening and feeding one another.
Partners sit across from each other.
Partners sit at opposite seats.
Partners sit at the table across from each other.
Partners sit facing each other.
Partners sit opposite each other at the table.
Partners sit opposite each other.
Partners slap hands each time say a new item.
Partners span boundaries and focus on young people and their pathway to the future.
Partners spend so much time together, they know each other well.
Partners spend time playing games, reading aloud, walking outside or just reminiscing.
Partners split revenues on all advertising sales generated from their web audience.
Partners sponsor families and provide gifts and meals to the families.
Partners sponsor student projects and practicums, tailoring research to their specific needs.
Partners spread out across the play area standing four feet apart and six feet from other players.
Partners stand around perimeter of playing space.
Partners stand at arm's length holding both hands.
Partners stand facing hachi dachi at a proper distance.
Partners stand facing in hachi dachi at a proper distance.
Partners stand facing in hachi dachi, at a proper distance.
Partners stand less and less on equal ground.
Partners stand scattered over play area, inside arms linked, outside hand on hip.
Partners stand side by side and facing the same way.
Partners stay in close contact through classroom visits, lab visits, and by email.
Partners stay in close contact through classroom visits, lab visits, and via a private web page.
Partners straddle the tire and face each other.
Partners submit one joint proposal narrative but separate budget sections.
Partners supervise existing client relationships and forge new and enduring client relationships.
Partners supply their data, and then users access the service over the web.
Partners support and draw energy from each other.
Partners support individual classes and volunteer in class at their construction site.
Partners swing each other and the dance starts all over again.
Partners switch after a predetermined time.
Partners switch positions and allow all members of the group to measure the same object.
Partners switch roles.
Partners switch topics at a signal.
Partners tag into the document.
Partners take a hands-on approach to their practices.
Partners Take aim.
Partners take an active role.
Partners take four alternating galliard steps forward, beginning left.
Partners take four galliard steps toward each other.
Partners take inside hands on the last beat.
Partners take joint ownership and re-sponsibility in solving problems and developing solutions.
Partners take suggestions.
Partners take turns and deal with one issue at a time.
Partners take turns choosing a letter.
Partners take turns reading the text aloud, alternating paragraphs.
Partners take turns rolling and catching the ball.
Partners take turns spinning and saying the word.
Partners take turns testing objects for attraction to the magnet.
Partners take turns using the balance scale to compare the masses of two objects.
Partners take turns working down in the hole and up at the surface, switching every four hours.
Partners takes place one weekend a month for eight months.
Partners talk about it in a fairly direct way, a source says.
Partners talk bluntly with one another, and move forward accordingly.
Partners teaches leadership skills.
Partners tend to say things that threaten the very lifeblood of their relationship.
Partners then attempt to identify the object that left the imprint.
Partners then hang both pant halves next to each other on the clothesline.
Partners then introduce each other to the new pair in terms of the self-description.
Partners then meet with associates to review in detail the firm's assessment.
Partners then switch positions so next person can climb.
Partners then switch roles.
Partners There are possibilities for partners in the design and provision of a programme.
Partners throw the ball simultaneously in order to make a quick catch and release.
Partners trade places and repeat the activity several times.
Partners trade places and repeat the activity.
Partners train by taking turns throwing and being thrown, pinning and being pinned.
Partners try to determine what feeling each is expressing.
Partners try to select the number of cubes needed to make the next step.
Partners undergo an intensive training program.
Partners undertaking joint endeavors with schools also vary greatly.
Partners underwrite a project in proportion to their participation in it.
Partners update their own details on the Internet using a password .
Partners update their own details on the Internet using a password.
Partners use an organized structure to coordinate the efforts of the partnership.
Partners use best practices to assess student performance.
Partners use good practices.
Partners use manipulatives and the direction or location words to tell how to set the table.
Partners use mimics to signal their hands.
Partners use reasonable precautions to keep all personal information provided secure.
Partners use the partner school as a setting for scholarly examination of professional practice.
Partners use their diversity of experience and knowledge to make the best decisions.
Partners utilize their resources to meet the priorities of the school and community.
Partners Visit our partners web pages.
Partners visits each site on a regular basis.
Partners Volunteer About Downtown Partners Be our guest . . .
Partners walk, exchange places without any body part touching the floor.
Partners wants to encourage and provide resources for just such innovation.
Partners welcome and encouraged to come.
Partners welcome as guests.
Partners work closely with clients, aided by skilled and dedicated associates and support personnel.
Partners work closely with Coordinators in the operation of the businesses.
Partners work for decades.
Partners work in a variety of ways to support the literacy efforts.
Partners work nights.
Partners work on the school site, full-time , four days a week.
Partners work to learn and can consult with other partners working on the same material.
Partners work together in the barn and fields, children alongside.
Partners work together in unison or at least in consensus for the mutual good.
Partners work together to accomplish common goals.
Partners work together to develop practical, sustainable approaches to broad health concerns.
Partners work together to draw the path that was walked.
Partners work together to order three objects according to their masses.
Partners work together to use string to outline each leaf.
Partners work together to use that number of yellow hexagons to cover the drawn shape.
Partners work together toward a common purpose.
Partners work together toward shared goals or objectives.
Partners work well together.
Partners work with teams.
Partners Working for systemic change in any arena is a daunting task.
Partners always differ in a marriage.
Partners always get a leg up.
Partners often attend the birth and provide additional support to the mother.
Partners often compete in other sports.
Partners often have complementary skills.
Partners often learn to understand and work with each other quite well.
Partners often look to their own family of origin as a way to evaluate how many children to have.
Partners often manipulate each other in ways that violate their human rights.
Partners often provide prizes and incentives for academic achievement and school award programs.
Partners often seek counseling when they feel misunderstood, frustrated or deeply hurt.
Partners often suffer in silence or are tormented by the prospect of being replaced.
Partners sometimes feel too safe in the relationship.
Partners usually bring in funds and know-how.
All partners act on the admission of new members and other important firm matters.
All partners actively participate in our island community.
All partners agree to continue the business.
All partners answer for the company debts indefinitely and severally. .
All partners are active in local, state, and national professional associations.
All partners are already active in the field and involved in various joint projects.
All partners are also potential sources of funding, grants, and partnerships in retail areas.
All partners are answerable to the civic community.
All partners are committed to, and actively engaged in, ongoing exchange of knowledge and personnel.
All partners are jointly and severally liable for all partnership debts.
All partners are jointly and severally liable for the obligations of the partnership.
All partners are liable for business debts and liabilities.
All partners are liable for the debts of the business on a joint and several basis.
All partners are liable for the partnership's total debts.
All partners are New Zealand companies.
All partners are on schedule.
All partners are on the hook for partnership debts.
All partners are personally liable equally for all debts and tort claims.
All partners are personally liable for the obligations of the partnership.
All partners are responsible for any business losses.
All partners are responsible for the liabilities and debts of the partnership.
All partners are to contribute resources in an equitable manner.
All partners are welcome.
All partners are well known and respected for their abilities by their professional peers.
All partners assume equal responsibility in the partnership.
All partners can be proud of their cooperation.
All partners carry on the business.
All partners come to the table as equals, and participate in decision making.
All partners contribute on every chapter.
All partners doing the report participate in the presentation in some way.
All partners form a cohesive team with common direction and commitment.
All partners gain access to funds to help offset the costs of training new employees.
All partners gather consumer complaint information and share the legwork.
All partners have a fiduciary duty one to the other.
All partners have a wide experience in the fine chemical industry and CRO field.
All partners have equal rights in the management and conduct of the partnership business.
All partners have equal votes in partnership decisions.
All partners have limited liability.
All partners have substantial relevant backgrounds and are working in well-equipped laboratories.
All partners have their own specilisation.
All partners have unlimited liability.
All partners have unlimited personal liability for partnership debts.
All partners have work to do.
All partners maintain a strong commitment to the project concept.
All partners meet every morning to discuss the day's production plan.
All partners participate in continuing legal education development programs.
All partners provide program volunteers.
All partners receive extensive training and have proven experience supporting enterprise customers.
All partners share in firm income based on seniority.
All partners share in the control and management of the partnership.
All partners speak Spanish and have extensive experience.
All partners undertake to develop their cooperation on a voluntary basis, with no exchange of funds.
All partners work toward one goal - educating students.
Any partner can declare the partnership dissolved at any time.
Any partner can enter into a contract on behalf of the partnership.
Any partner can have veto power, as long as there is continued work to develop another option.
Any partner is responsible for all liabilities of the partnership.
Any partner missing out on a thread of the correspondence can then consult the archive.
Every partner can take part in the management of the business.
Every partner has something to offer.
Every partner is a new adventure, refining new pleasures along the way.
Every partner is a specialist.
Every partner is portrayed with a profile and detailed information.
Every partner is simultaneously both the principal and an agent.
Every partner needs only to publish results in an agreed-on HTML format.
Every partner needs some romance occasionally to keep the love going and strong.
Every partner qualifies.
Many partners are busy transforming the health systems in their area.
Many partners become lifelong friends with their international friends.
Many partners believe that.
Many partners commit to a project, which is conducted on one of several conferences.
Many partners do so by posting a message to their Web site.
Many partners lack knowledge and assume that cross-dressing equates with homosexuality.
Many partners laugh about and learn to live with their differences.
Many partners meet for lunch or coffee and attend sporting and cultural events together.
Many partners work with more than one school or program in numerous ways.
More partners are welcome.
More partners can cause a lot of confusion.
More partners give healthier offspring.
Most partners affect behaviour.
Most partners are unable to meet with every candidate on their list.
Most partners arrive at homes.
Most partners assume chances.
Most partners buy houses.
Most partners choose to have the link leap back to our site to complete the download.
Most partners contribute matching funds or in-kind services.
Most partners deserve attention.
Most partners deserve further attention.
Most partners discuss activities.
Most partners enter residences.
Most partners experience emotional distress.
Most partners explore options.
Most partners express thoughts.
Most partners feel death.
Most partners feel shame, rage, hurt, and powerlessness.
Most partners gain experience.
Most partners have a banner on their main page and then on a few other sub-pages at their website.
Most partners have children.
Most partners have disability.
Most partners have families.
Most partners have interest.
Most partners have large families.
Most partners help breakthroughs.
Most partners help policy.
Most partners increase opportunity.
Most partners know a lot about Internet.
Most partners lose close friends.
Most partners lose friends.
Most partners lose lbs.
Most partners offer assistance.
Most partners offer food.
Most partners provide expertise.
Most partners provide technical expertise.
Most partners pursue interest.
Most partners pursue own interest.
Most partners receive calls.
Most partners take suggestions.
Most partners work for decades.
Most partners work nights.
Most partners work with teams.
Some partners acquire complement.
Some partners are already on board.
Some partners are better than others.
Some partners are upbeat about that.
Some partners arrive late for meetings and others leave early.
Some partners assist communities and individuals by helping to locate affordable housing.
Some partners become mothers.
Some partners build companies.
Some partners can create digital strategies or loyalty strategies.
Some partners carry pregnancy.
Some partners compare results.
Some partners complete steps.
Some partners constantly correct the other's grammar, choice of words, and patterns of speech.
Some partners contribute to booklets.
Some partners contribute to science.
Some partners correspond electronically, also via the school.
Some partners discover early that one talks more than the other.
Some partners exhibit disorder.
Some partners exhibit personality disorder.
Some partners explore multiple fetishes.
Some partners feel effects.
Some partners feel pregnancy.
Some partners focus on security.
Some partners get equal opportunity.
Some partners get opportunity.
Some partners greet guests.
Some partners have a knack for and are willing to take the time to train younger lawyers.
Some partners have ability.
Some partners have abnormalities.
Some partners have apartments.
Some partners have business.
Some partners have careers.
Some partners have diabetes.
Some partners have different degrees of sexual drive.
Some partners have distinct smell.
Some partners have effort.
Some partners have genetic abnormalities.
Some partners have houses.
Some partners have more than one location.
Some partners have offices on site, others meet with clients at the centre by appointment.
Some partners have presence.
Some partners have small business.
Some partners have small greenhouse business.
Some partners have symptoms.
Some partners help milestones.
Some partners insert penises.
Some partners know factors.
Some partners know risk factors.
Some partners like to get tested together, just in case.
Some partners lose babies.
Some partners maintain business continuity.
Some partners maintain continuity.
Some partners make agreement.
Some partners make food.
Some partners move horses.
Some partners offer introductions.
Some partners pour water.
Some partners provide hosts.
Some partners provide incentives such as performance awards, certificates, shirts, etc.
Some partners provide rewards.
Some partners provide tasks.
Some partners pull together at center to become the protosun .
Some partners quit marijuana use.
Some partners quit use.
Some partners raise horses.
Some partners receive commissions.
Some partners receive energy.
Some partners seek infertility treatments.
Some partners seek treatments.
Some partners seek trials.
Some partners seem to take more risks than others.
Some partners serve on committees.
Some partners simply meet at a coffee shop or at the institute, so students can practice talking.
Some partners specialize in areas.
Some partners specialize in creating products while others provide consulting services.
Some partners start diets.
Some partners sue pianists.
Some partners take up a hobby of their spouse.
Some partners touch noses.
Some partners use computers.
Some partners volunteer time to see that our school sponsored events go off without a hitch.
Some partners watch in horror.
Some partners work in camps.
Some partners work with convention.
Partnered classes meet weekly to read together or discuss issues facing the school.
Partnered proposals are preferred.
Partnership agreement calls for continuation of partnership on death of a partner.
Partnership agreement calls for termination on death of a partner.
Partnership agreements are another example.
Partnership agreements are for a limited time.
Partnership agreements can be formal or informal in nature.
Most partnership agreements are nonfinancial in nature.
Most partnership agreements define partners' draws according to their relative ownership percentage.
Partnership cities work to achieve both short and long-term objectives.
Partnership marketing is the new survival strategy for entrepreneurs, too.
Partnership projects can make a real difference.
Partnership taxation is usually desirable because of certain tax benefits available.
A partnership is business
Partnership aids hospital change.
Partnership allows several additional options.
Partnership also is the genius of the program.
Partnership Approach to share expertise, resources, and programs with other entities.
Partnership approach with clients.
Partnership Become an affiliate, a content provider or author with our many partnering programs.
Partnership becomes a one-way street.
Partnership becomes even more important under such a system.
Partnership breeds respect, dictatorship breeds rebellion.
Partnership brings mutual benefits and support.
Partnership brings people together in community for mutual empowerment through the sharing of gifts.
Partnership Buy an airplane with another person.
Partnership buy-in begins after one year through a salary differential.
Partnership calls for changes by both women and men.
Partnership can be a very elastic term indeed.
Partnership can be either with individuals or with organizations.
Partnership can leverage investments in transportation education and create bold new alliances.
Partnership can never be about whom is better.
Partnership clearly involves co-operation between the public and private sectors.
Partnership continues among congregations, communities, denominations, and seminary faculty.
Partnership continues to be the key with a new challenge from the U.S. government.
Partnership cuts both ways.
Partnership driving forward delivery of the strategy is the key to success.
Partnership enables notebook users to make Net phone calls from almost anywhere.
Partnership encompasses concepts such as equality, equal opportunity and democracy.
Partnership enters a new stage.
Partnership extends to the all-important area of infrastructural development.
Partnership facilitates communication among like-minded people and organisations.
Partnership files an information return.
Partnership has a future because it makes sense.
Partnership has a vital role to play at both national and local level.
Partnership has great potential for multiplying our progress.
Partnership has no provision for limited liability.
Partnership have the involvement of top leaders from business and education.
Partnership helps in crisis as well.
Partnership implies a relationship among equals who choose freely to enter into a venture together.
Partnership implies an equality.
Partnership implies continued discussion.
Partnership implies equality and mutual respect.
Partnership implies groups working together.
Partnership inspires improvement efforts Total quality management.
Partnership involves a two-way process of give and take.
Partnership involves bringing poor and marginalized groups into the very center of policy-making.
Partnership involves collaboration and mutual support.
Partnership involves mutual respect and consideration.
Partnership involves people's gifts.
Partnership involves trade-offs both between and within interest groups.
Partnership is a Biblical concept.
Partnership is a business arrangement.
Partnership is a collaboration.
Partnership is a critical element in winning models.
Partnership is a current buzz word.
Partnership is a dangerous fraud.
Partnership is a different way of working that makes enormous sense.
Partnership is a fraud.
Partnership is a hallmark of greater efficiency and effectiveness between police agencies.
Partnership is a key factor in almost every new or existing initiative.
Partnership is a key part of the process.
Partnership is a keyword.
Partnership is a process that voluntarily presents discussion, inter-information and negotiation.
Partnership is a radical response to a radical change in the world and in the church.
Partnership is a risk.
Partnership is a sensitive subject, especially for an eight-year senior associate.
Partnership is a theme of all Berks County Conservancy endeavors.
Partnership is a third alternative to LLCs and corporations.
Partnership is a two-way street.
Partnership is a way to balance the needs of the individual with the goals of the organization.
Partnership is a word that has been overused.
Partnership is about achieving locally defined outcomes.
Partnership is about building bridges rather than empires.
Partnership is about drawing on the ideas and capabilities of society as a whole.
Partnership is about recognizing each party's strengths and about recognizing our own weaknesses.
Partnership is about trust.
Partnership is all about trust and trusting each other.
Partnership is all too often absent from our approach to librarianship.
Partnership is also the basis of our relationship with our neighbours in Southern Africa.
Partnership is also the starting point for our relations in the Far East and South Asia.
Partnership is an act of creation.
Partnership is an active step beyond networking.
Partnership is an excellent marketing tool.
Partnership is an important part of that bridge.
Partnership is another hallmark of the digital economy.
Partnership is another.
Partnership is available and negotiable.
Partnership is available for long-term affiliate.
Partnership is available on the Web.
Partnership is available to individuals and businesses.
Partnership is bad for the press, it is bad for the government, and it is bad for the country.
Partnership is based on a common vision and shared responsibility for decisions and action.
Partnership is based on individual merit.
Partnership is basic to that reinvention.
Partnership is between equals.
Partnership is biblical, current and compelling.
Partnership is both a means to creating social capital, and an end, representing social capital.
Partnership is built on ownership.
Partnership is central to our philosophy and underpins our approach to development.
Partnership is critical.
Partnership is crucial for trust, and trust is essential to achieving sustainable development.
Partnership is crucial to our work.
Partnership is definitely an idea that is taking hold.
Partnership is deliberately future oriented.
Partnership is entitled to carry forward Illinois net loss deduction.
Partnership is especially effective in rural areas.
Partnership is essential.
Partnership is free , and has many benefits.
Partnership is free of charge and subject to approval by the secretariat.
Partnership is fundamental to our way of working.
Partnership is fundamental to the Baltimore philosophy.
Partnership is hard work as well as teamwork.
Partnership is indeed essential to the business of development.
Partnership is key to regeneration and integration.
Partnership is key.
Partnership is labor.
Partnership is maintained with regions and synods through a network of deployed staff members.
Partnership is more than working together.
Partnership is mutually beneficial via increased exposure and pooling of customer base and markets.
Partnership is of equal importance.
Partnership is offered in two years.
Partnership is often an arrangement of convenience.
Partnership is often one-sided.
Partnership is one of our main guiding principles.
Partnership is open to organizations that support our mission.
Partnership is our credo.
Partnership is our future.
Partnership is per se a mean.
Partnership is powerful.
Partnership is radical because it offers to distribute power and create new structures for mission.
Partnership is required with well-known European producers.
Partnership is stored on both the desktop and PC Companion.
Partnership is stressed, and numerous communications tools are used to disseminate information.
Partnership is the by-word.
Partnership is the imperative requirement for ecumenical cooperation.
Partnership is the key difference between traditional caregiving and family support.
Partnership is the key to making infrastructure programs work.
Partnership is the key to our success as a community.
Partnership is the key to success.
Partnership is the key to the menace of drugs misuse.
Partnership is the key to the new approach, building on the good work that has already been done.
Partnership is the key word.
Partnership is the key, and partnership means the just distribution of power.
Partnership is the key.
Partnership is the name of the game.
Partnership is the third principle.
Partnership is the underlying theme of the entire book.
Partnership is the way of the future.
Partnership is thus a win-win proposition.
Partnership is vital.
Partnership leads to the promise of mutual service and eventual union . . .
Partnership leads to the promise of mutual service and eventual union.
Partnership leverages resources, and improves the product.
Partnership makes good business sense.
Partnership maximizes information and resources.
Partnership means embracing the same goals and taking action together as allies.
Partnership means giving up part of the governmental process.
Partnership means helping each other to achieve a common goal.
Partnership means that the four people are grouped in two teams of two.
Partnership means to be responsible for one another in both directions.
Partnership mention in all press releases related to the exhibit.
Partnership mention in all press releases related to the movie.
Partnership needs to become the primary tool for modernisation of work organisation in Europe.
Partnership offers a win-win scenario.
Partnership Offers internships that link school and work learning.
Partnership offers the opportunity for both factual and effective learning.
Partnership plans to emphasize the needs and unique contributions of small and midsize businesses.
Partnership policies no longer have to be identical to each other.
Partnership presumes equal status.
Partnership produces the best sites and supervision.
Partnership reduces costs and red tape, and increases efficiency.
Partnership requires confidence and trust to be effective.
Partnership requires on-going, intensive communication with specific ends in mind.
Partnership requires two self-responsible individuals who are equal in each other's eyes.
Partnership retains balance as improved vacant land.
Partnership see Trading organization .
Partnership seems to demand a mutual respect for the freedom and dignity of the partner.
Partnership speaks of processes to realize the outcomes.
Partnership suggests a mutuality and sharing.
Partnership takes recycline one step further to promote a healthy consumer and planet.
Partnership takes time to develop and is dependant on the players involved.
Partnership takes time.
Partnership thrives on communication and mutual understanding.
Partnership truly is the path to progress.
Partnership turns on consensus and compromise.
Partnership wants to liquidate asset.
Partnership work in the context of South Africa.
Partnership works both ways Turn about is fair play.
Partnerships accelerate progress.
Partnerships act as a key means of fostering a more creative and expanded solution for customers.
Partnerships add greater value, more efficiency, and better bottom-line results.
Partnerships align the college's needs and resources with industry's.
Partnerships allow communities to develop collaborative strategies and share resources.
Partnerships allow leveraging of funds.
Partnerships allow the expenses and profits to be shared.
Partnerships allow the whole village to help educate our children.
Partnerships already exist for a lot of creative services.
Partnerships also administers four grant programs, outlined below.
Partnerships also allow the best use of resources and can reduce the duplication of efforts.
Partnerships also develop trust and allow for customer input on a regular basis.
Partnerships also exist with universities in Lyon, Budapest and Cambridge.
Partnerships also extend to the private sector.
Partnerships also have their share of disadvantages.
Partnerships also increase the number of college-bound students and enhance their success.
Partnerships also offer little liability protection for entrepreneurs.
Partnerships also promote long-term support for rural school programs.
Partnerships also provide a good way to advertise the land's availability for recreation.
Partnerships also provide opportunities to share best practices and exchange creative ideas.
Partnerships also receive a variety of astronomy resources for use in the classroom.
Partnerships also refer to our international connections.
Partnerships also rely on the diversity of contributions that the participants bring to the table.
Partnerships also require personal commitment and a mutual respect for each other s strengths.
Partnerships also strengthen the commitment of library managers to homework club staff and users.
Partnerships appear to be our only feasible option.
Partnerships are a common form of business ownership.
Partnerships are a huge UK success story.
Partnerships are a key element to make engagement effective.
Partnerships are a key factor for the dynamics of development in Europe.
Partnerships are a key to local successes.
Partnerships are a little more risky.
Partnerships are a lot like getting married, including the high cost of breakup.
Partnerships are a powerful tool for solving community problems.
Partnerships are a vital strategy for success.
Partnerships are a win-win situation.
Partnerships are about .
Partnerships are about sharing control.
Partnerships are about working together for the betterment of a cause.
Partnerships are about working together to maximise opportunities.
Partnerships are absolutely no different.
Partnerships are already a key part of the drive to build market share.
Partnerships are also a conduit for sharing experiences, technologies, and cultures.
Partnerships are also a way to survive in a climate of cutbacks.
Partnerships are also easy to create.
Partnerships are also important for enhancing services and supports for children and families.
Partnerships are also more cost-effective.
Partnerships are also subject to unique rules in the Internal Revenue Code.
Partnerships are also the key to our future.
Partnerships are also vital to our military history.
Partnerships are an effective business strategy.
Partnerships are an effective tool toward developing a set of priorities for economic development.
Partnerships are an essential part of our future strategy.
Partnerships are an increasingly important component of our strategic plan.
Partnerships are an integral ingredient in the continued success of the company.
Partnerships are an integral part of our business strategy.
Partnerships are an integral part of the response to environmental challenges.
Partnerships are another key component of the strategic plan.
Partnerships are another small business form.
Partnerships are arrangements which require utmost good faith between parties.
Partnerships are at the core of our work, with the student very much at the centre.
Partnerships are at the core of where our police service is headed.
Partnerships are at the heart of our business model.
Partnerships are at the very heart of vocational rehabilitation services.
Partnerships are available for all aspects of quality recreation experiences and program delivery.
Partnerships are available.
Partnerships are balanced, supportive and gainful.
Partnerships are best when driven by business needs.
Partnerships are binding to both parties for a length of time.
Partnerships are business.
Partnerships are central to the federal government's science and technology strategy.
Partnerships are clearly the way of the future.
Partnerships are common with most colleges.
Partnerships are complex.
Partnerships are contracts between persons designed for their mutual benefit.
Partnerships are contracts.
Partnerships are critical to the implementation of an integrated program.
Partnerships are critical, both in financing and in building.
Partnerships are critical.
Partnerships are crucial and central to the work that is done here.
Partnerships are crucial in bridging the gap between community and research and benefit all parties.
Partnerships are crucial to link house museums to the broader preservation movement.
Partnerships are crucial.
Partnerships are currently available for a limited time.
Partnerships are definitely the way to go.
Partnerships are dependent on a common aim and a proper business focus for all parties.
Partnerships are dependent upon a reciprocal process.
Partnerships are different from privatisation.
Partnerships are different, more potent than traditional teams.
Partnerships are easy to create, which is why there are so many.
Partnerships are effective tools for improving health in communities.
Partnerships are effectively transparent, as is the grantor trust.
Partnerships are eligible if all partners meet the requirements for a loan.
Partnerships are equally important in revitalizing commercial business districts.
Partnerships are essential because no one government can protect species by acting alone.
Partnerships are essential for discovery and innovation to take place.
Partnerships are essential for the success of the project on all stages of development.
Partnerships are essential to achieving such ends.
Partnerships are essential to any enterprise.
Partnerships are essential, allowing the cultural sector to tap into skills and funding.
Partnerships are essential.
Partnerships are essentially relationships.
Partnerships are extremely important to our smart growth strategy.
Partnerships are favorable today.
Partnerships are flexible and the least formal.
Partnerships are imperative beyond district boundaries.
Partnerships are important in sustainable development because responsibility is widely shared.
Partnerships are important throughout the grades.
Partnerships are important to make community outreach happen.
Partnerships are in the beginning stages.
Partnerships are increasingly important in government as they are in business.
Partnerships are inevitable between the infrastructure and management services providers.
Partnerships are informal, relying on collaboration through coalitions.
Partnerships are integral to the implementation of the Environmental Management Plan.
Partnerships are just friendships with a business card.
Partnerships are key components to promoting public awareness about safety issues.
Partnerships are key to any solution.
Partnerships are key to becoming successful.
Partnerships are key to increasing revenues.
Partnerships are key to making projects work.
Partnerships are key to the success of such an initiative.
Partnerships are key.
Partnerships are like marriages, and they take six months to a year to really develop.
Partnerships are like marriages.
Partnerships are likely to prosper.
Partnerships are messy enough without a clear target for their efforts.
Partnerships are more 'people dependent' than established statutory organisations.
Partnerships are more than coordination, planning, and strategy.
Partnerships are more than coordination, planning, strategies and tactics.
Partnerships are more than loose associations for information exchange.
Partnerships are most successful when astronomers work with a limited number of young people.
Partnerships are mutually beneficial.
Partnerships are no longer just a matter of public relations.
Partnerships are one of the oldest forms of conducting business or investment activities.
Partnerships are one way to manage that potential.
Partnerships are open to businesses of all sizes.
Partnerships are organizations.
Partnerships are pairs of residents from the same year that rotate together on inpatient services.
Partnerships are particularly useful to deal with complex issues where a win-win can be achieved.
Partnerships are people talking to each other, sharing ideas, knowledge, and resources.
Partnerships are powerful.
Partnerships are productive only if they produce the needed improvements in educational attainment.
Partnerships are productive, satisfying and necessary.
Partnerships are relationships.
Partnerships are renewable annually.
Partnerships are subject to regular systematic evaluations.
Partnerships are subject to unique rules in the Internal Revenue Code.
Partnerships are suitable for all industries, and all types of contracts.
Partnerships are suitable for all industries, but only some types of contracts.
Partnerships are the best.
Partnerships are the core of The Smile Train.
Partnerships are the cornerstone of the organization.
Partnerships are the future of environmental protection.
Partnerships are the key - to economic development, to educational reform and to the welfare reform.
Partnerships are the key factor in maintaining a strong economy.
Partnerships are the key for success in the next century.
Partnerships are the key to Ontario's new health and safety culture.
Partnerships are the key to preservation.
Partnerships are the keys to success.
Partnerships are the only answer.
Partnerships are the preferred form of organization.
Partnerships are the spark that makes things happen in education.
Partnerships are the talk among educators and business executives.
Partnerships are the wave of the future.
Partnerships are the way forward.
Partnerships are the way to go.
Partnerships are three-month minimal increments.
Partnerships are time-consuming.
Partnerships are under pressure.
Partnerships are usually about raising money.
Partnerships are ventures that try to involve as many partners as possible.
Partnerships are very difficult and are hard to continue in a productive manner.
Partnerships are very important and the days of going it alone are rare.
Partnerships are very synergistic.
Partnerships are virtually ubiquitous and incredibly diverse.
Partnerships are what make our business work.
Partnerships are within institutions.
Partnerships are yearlong, renewable, collaborative efforts to achieve mutually agreed upon goals.
Partnerships are yet another aspect of integration.
Partnerships assigns roles within the team.
Partnerships based on equality and cooperation are also essential.
Partnerships begin early in the semester and are limited to a small number of students.
Partnerships begin the process of extending into the community and increasing the project s impact.
Partnerships benefit all parties.
Partnerships benefit urban education.
Partnerships bring an exchange of witness and service.
Partnerships bring together different organization styles and experience.
Partnerships brings results.
Partnerships broaden our financial and provide opportunities for positive public relations.
Partnerships build a technology company's leadership position very quickly.
Partnerships build and foster open communication with the community.
Partnerships build friendships and ties between communities in different parts of the world.
Partnerships build on skills, strengths, capabilities and understanding.
Partnerships build pride both internally and externally.
Partnerships build trust, mutual respect, and an expressed commitment to common goals.
Partnerships build trust, relationships, responsibility and a common vision.
Partnerships can also be beneficial in economic development plans.
Partnerships can also present certain problems.
Partnerships can also reduce costs.
Partnerships can also supply additional funding.
Partnerships can be a beneficial arrangement.
Partnerships can be a highly successful strategy for corporations.
Partnerships can be as informal as finding other website owners with whom to swap links.
Partnerships can be cost shares or work shares.
Partnerships can be effective in addressing specific problem areas.
Partnerships can be either a general or limited partnership.
Partnerships can be expensive.
Partnerships can be loose arrangements or the terms can be in a written agreement known as a Deed.
Partnerships can be mutually beneficial.
Partnerships can be on many levels .
Partnerships can be successful if both experience economic gain.
Partnerships can be the answer.
Partnerships can be time-consuming and sometimes difficult to cultivate.
Partnerships can be wonderful.
Partnerships can boost the public's confidence in law enforcement and foster mutual respect.
Partnerships can bring in support from government, private and non-profit organizations.
Partnerships can bring out the best in public recreation.
Partnerships can build a climate of cooperation and focus on solutions.
Partnerships can contribute expertise, business assets, customer bases and market coverage.
Partnerships can coordinate tasks that involve all of the partners.
Partnerships can develop at any phase in the planning process.
Partnerships can either be general or limited.
Partnerships can exist with or without written agreements.
Partnerships can expand expertise, broaden the client base and offer greater access to capital.
Partnerships can expose students to a variety of ways of assimilating and interpreting data.
Partnerships can extend to visits in future years.
Partnerships can help evaluate and sustain a program.
Partnerships can help to produce even greater achievement regarding impacts.
Partnerships can include corporations and other business entities as partners.
Partnerships can include monetary assistance or contributions of space, time, and labor.
Partnerships can include public, private, and nonprofit institutions.
Partnerships can increase awareness on the range and depth of locally available expertise.
Partnerships can often make a project more efficient and effective.
Partnerships can pay off big time.
Partnerships can provide a lot of initial leverage.
Partnerships can provide an effective avenue for mutual support and benefit.
Partnerships can result in access to new audiences and shared expertise.
Partnerships can take many forms.
Partnerships can turn in a single lab report, signed by all members.
Partnerships can work, when there is a clear division of responsibili- ties and abilities.
Partnerships can yield new products and enterprises.
Partnerships change, and so do towns.
Partnerships change, to remain static means to remain in the same place.
Partnerships come in many shapes and sizes.
Partnerships continue to be the key to successful efforts.
Partnerships continue to drive the TRU business plan.
Partnerships continues to build and strengthen a citywide parks constituency through several means.
Partnerships create opportunities to reach optimal solutions with collaborative organizations.
Partnerships create powerful forces for change.
Partnerships define ecosystems.
Partnerships depend on teamwork, mutual respect and trust.
Partnerships develop between students, teachers, parents, business, and the community.
Partnerships develop through a formal process.
Partnerships discusses our growing network of international business relationships.
Partnerships dissolve as part of the natural progression of a business.
Partnerships do, however, present some tax related difficulties.
Partnerships enable strategic, regional solutions to weather, climate and water-related problems.
Partnerships encourage organizations to work together to deliver training for employment.
Partnerships enhance educational opportunities for students, parents, and communities.
Partnerships enhance opportunity for success.
Partnerships enhance the potential of resolving the issue.
Partnerships enjoy a broader base of management expertise and increased financial resources.
Partnerships Establishing partnerships is essential to achieving economic growth.
Partnerships exist across agencies and with universities, and between researchers and managers.
Partnerships exist with state, local, and tribal environmental health programs.
Partnerships expedite the compliance process and help avoid conflicts.
Partnerships express our commitment to the core value of cooperation.
Partnerships extend internationally too.
Partnerships fall apart because it appears the relationship is no longer working.
Partnerships file an information return.
Partnerships file federal income tax returns for informational purposes.
Partnerships file written assessments at the end of the grant period.
Partnerships Find out how to become a partner and how partnerships benefit our customers.
Partnerships focus on prevention and intervention to serve at-risk youth and their families.
Partnerships generally terminate on a fixed date.
Partnerships generate dialog, foster innovation, and motivate students.
Partnerships go both ways.
Partnerships happen in a variety of ways.
Partnerships have access to state and national experts on buildings, energy, finance, and more.
Partnerships have disadvantages when considering estate planning and transfer.
Partnerships have less government regulation.
Partnerships have many purposes and participants-some with competing needs and interests.
Partnerships Have students choose a partner and plan a school activity.
Partnerships have to be built with the telecommunications companies.
Partnerships have to be set up and payment systems tweaked.
Partnerships have to include the users, the community, the funders, the managers and the enforcers.
Partnerships help maximize what both government and civil society have to offer.
Partnerships help transform knowledge into products.
Partnerships Here is a list of our web partners.
Partnerships improve incrementally.
Partnerships improve when guided and controlled.
Partnerships invariably change in response to success and setbacks.
Partnerships involve a mutual agency relationship.
Partnerships involve cooperation.
Partnerships involve matching monies, labor, and equipment or sharing techincal skills.
Partnerships involve trust, contact, cooperation, and communication.
Partnerships involve two or more partners who agree to share equally in all profits and losses.
Partnerships involving parents, local governments, businesses and philanthropy are already underway.
Partnerships is a group of small, medium, and large businesses, and trade associations.
Partnerships is an innovative, three-year project that trains participants via satellite.
Partnerships join two or more people together as owners.
Partnerships keep it working.
Partnerships lead to sharing knowledge and use of the best of what each partner has to offer.
Partnerships Let's be perfectly candid.
Partnerships leverage the strengths of both the public and private sectors.
Partnerships link the curriculum and student learning.
Partnerships make a lot more sense.
Partnerships make possible shared costs, shared risks, and increased opportunities.
Partnerships make sense.
Partnerships match the non-monetary needs of the school with available resources.
Partnerships match the non-monetary of the school with available resources.
Partnerships maximize the use of resources.
Partnerships MFIs Our foremost and primary client is the microfinance practitioner.
Partnerships now are closer to equal, with more emphasis on joint growth.
Partnerships offer advantages, but they also require a lot of hard work.
Partnerships offer an effective way to share strengths and access unique skills.
Partnerships offer financial benefits and rewards.
Partnerships officially begin after completing the orientation.
Partnerships outline their goals in cooperatively developed workplans.
Partnerships pay off .
Partnerships play a key role in the success of the program.
Partnerships play a pivotal role in funding the infrastructure necessary to provide that access.
Partnerships produce usable tools and methods and generate new knowledge.
Partnerships promote shared responsibility.
Partnerships promote understanding and progress towards common goals.
Partnerships provide participants ample identification and product exposure.
Partnerships provide resources that extend impact far beyond any member's financial means.
Partnerships provide some respite.
Partnerships provide the link between classroom learning and career achievement.
Partnerships raise a lot of practical issues and they raise serious legal problems, as well.
Partnerships range from operations, to technology, to marketing, to legal.
Partnerships really strengthen the community health system.
Partnerships receive charters to operate from states.
Partnerships recognize and respect the ethics and core values of all partners.
Partnerships reduce waste and duplication of effort.
Partnerships represent worldwide manufacturers and mid-level distributors.
Partnerships require .
Partnerships require a degree of openness and transparency in order to function.
Partnerships require a delineation of responsibilities.
Partnerships require a minimum annual investment.
Partnerships require extensive time to coordinate, develop, and nurture.
Partnerships require investing heavily in building the long-term relationship.
Partnerships require mutual acceptance of our dissimilar experiences.
Partnerships require mutual dedication, participation, and contributions.
Partnerships require trust, effort, commitment and time to establish.
Partnerships respect the collegial nature of schools.
Partnerships result from matching educational needs with community resources.
Partnerships result in a coordinated response.
Partnerships result in a win for everyone concerned.
Partnerships result in action which is more effective, efficient and sustainable.
Partnerships runs a series of workshops to assist community parks groups get started.
Partnerships seem to be the way business is done in Galena, whether in education or the environment.
Partnerships share both the risks and the rewards.
Partnerships Start early.
Partnerships stimulate resource sharing, reduce program duplication, and promote economies of scale.
Partnerships stretch limited resources.
Partnerships strive to improve precollege science education.
Partnerships take advantage of the resources of like-minded agencies and organizations.
Partnerships take many forms.
Partnerships take the form of joint activities or shared appointments of faculty and staff.
Partnerships take time and energy to create.
Partnerships take time to build and develop trust.
Partnerships take time to build.
Partnerships take time to develop and evolve over time.
Partnerships take time.
Partnerships then draw down funding to meet the costs of implementing the action plans.
Partnerships There are great possibilities for cross-disciplinary activity with both objectives.
Partnerships There's safety and power in numbers.
Partnerships Use external programs and partnerships to provide new ideas in areas of focus.
Partnerships withhold using California's highest tax rate.
Partnerships work at their own pace and within their own physical limits.
Partnerships work because they bring together people with different areas of expertise.
Partnerships work best when astronomers work with a limited number of students.
Partnerships work best when expectations are clear from the beginning.
Partnerships work best when the interests of both parties are aligned.
Partnerships work better.
Partnerships work both ways.
Partnerships always entail a loss of control within the business by each partner.
Partnerships often come to grief when they are successful.
Partnerships often develop between companies and related research units in universities.
Partnerships often founder on an appreciation of the differences in organisational cultures.
Partnerships often involve the sharing of both facilities and research projects.
Partnerships often save money and labor and attract increased funding.
All partnerships are contracts, expressly recognized by statute.
All partnerships have their difficult spots.
All partnerships require mutual trust.
Any partnership has to be based on trust, reliability and the common goal of customer satisfaction.
Any partnership is a compound of anger and delight and all stages in between.
Every partnership doing business in Arizona is required to file an Arizona partnership return.
Every partnership draws up a contract that dictates elements of control and reward.
Every partnership goes through difficult patches.
Every partnership is a covenant relationship and has two sides of responsibility.
Every partnership is a relationship.
Every partnership is different.
Every partnership is unique.
Many partnerships already exist in and around Bloomington.
Many partnerships are in the works.
Many partnerships comprise multiple content types.
Many partnerships fail because of unforeseen disagreements.
Many partnerships fail due to faulty business plans.
Many partnerships fail when a partner dies or becomes disabled.
More partnership is needed.
More partnerships are inevitable.
More partnerships are likely to spring up soon.
Most partnerships are two way sharing arrangements where both districts send students to the other.
Most partnerships fall into four broad and overlapping categories.
Most partnerships start slowly.
Most partnerships tend to form between public entities.
Some partnerships are disasters waiting to happen.
Some partnerships are for work and others for play.
Some partnerships are just between local authorities.
Some partnerships are little more than marketing ventures.
Some partnerships are long-term.
Some partnerships are only valid for members residing in continental France.
Some partnerships are outside the traditional models of enforcement and regulation altogether.
Some partnerships are pragmatic efforts to solve specific problems such as youth firearms violence.
Some partnerships emphasize a student enterprise.
Some partnerships just make good sense.
Partridge Island is Canada s version of Ellis Island.
Partridge peas provide good cover and food source for wildlife, especially game birds.
A partridge is a grouse
Partridge abounds everywhere.
Partridge also favours alternate tunings.
Partridge avoids spotlights.
Partridge chuckles again, looks at Moulding, then leans across the table and whispers.
Partridge is a very common name in Devon.
Partridge is by now firmly in an upbeat, mixed-metaphorical mood.
Partridge is clearly pleased.
Partridge is unique in other ways too.
Partridge is world known.
Partridge isa meat.
Partridge monitors the status of patent applications.
Partridge questions the validity of focusing on one portion of the data.
Partridge records a variant of the tale.
Partridge remains unmoved.
Partridge remembers one particular classroom in which the black light proved very effective.
Partridge smiles slightly.
Partridge tracks three concurrent vocal-lines over top an oscillating score.
Partridge wanders over to a bookcase and puts out a rock encyclopedia.
Partridges are birds.
Partridges are wild birds, and it is illegal to possess one.
Partridges have (part) bone cells.
Partridges have (part) corpi.
Partridges have (part) ground substances.
Partridges have (part) marrow.
Partridges have (part) mast cells.
Partridges have (part) second joints.
Partridges have (part) wishbones.
Partridges live in Europe , Asia , Africa and the Middle East .
Partridges live in Europe, Asia, Africa and the Middle East.
Partridges run up ahead where the canyon begins to widen.
Most partridges are brown , gray and white .
Most partridges are brown, gray and white.
A partridgeberry is a vine
Partridgeberries are plentiful on some of the dry barren ground areas.
Parts books are online as well.
Parts companies provide a few fast moving parts.
Parts kits are available for several of the projects in each book.
Some parts kits are still available.
Most parts washers have a filter that is periodically replaced.
Parturition generally involves only a short period of labour.
Parturition is a biological process
Parturition is characterized by a relatively high complication rate for reasons poorly understood.
Parturition is never workmanlike.
Parturition is part of reproduction.
Parturition is the act of giving birth and is the final stage of the reproductive process.
Parturition is triggered by an increase in foetal cortisolproduction.
Parturition is usually uneventful with dystocia a rare problem.
Party admission is free.
Party alliances are therefore extremely important.
Party animals are so retarded.
Every party animal knows that when the day ends, the real nocturnal activity begins.
Some party animals take a break from pouring the champagne.
Some party bosses hold meetings.
Some party bosses hold public meetings.
Party City sells great costumes at reasonable prices.
Party conferences are parochial affairs.
Party conventions are the most common method, but there are many other variations.
Party discipline is almost absolute in Australian parliaments.
Party discipline is usually very strong.
Party dresses are a strange subset of the fashion world.
Party drugs are also accountable for added danger to our law enforcement officers.
Party drugs can only create additonal relationship stress.
Some party drugs can affect our sleep cycle, so take time to recover well.
Some party drugs can damage the brain.
A party favor is a souvenir
Party favors are a very important part of a birthday.
Party favors are available for an additional cost.
Party favors are keepsakes.
Party favors can be nylon bags filled with camping gear, like tiny flashlights and toy binoculars.
Party favors make nice alternatives to food treats.
Party favors wrapped in tulle can add an elegant accent to any dinner party.
Party financing is part of a larger debate centred on national campaign finance reform.
Party identification becomes somewhat formalized when a person runs for partisan office.
Party identification is the most important long-term force.
Party leaders are also convinced that their focus on practical economic and social issues paid off.
Party leaders are mixed as well.
Party leaders are responsible for calculating party miles and party hours.
Party leaders are worried about violence between the president's supporters and opponents.
Party leaders face difficulties in keeping the integrity of their parties intact.
Party leaders have their work cut out.
Party leaders have to be guided by public consensus so they can assume their real share of the pie.
Party leaders hope to allow Internet voting at some polling places and from home computers.
Party leaders intend to keep the meeting closed.
Party leaders project a low turnout even among the most fervent party loyalists.
Party leaders say they are trying to move past that.
Party leaders say they oppose the violence.
Party leaders wonder how the clash plays with public.
Many party leaders agree.
Party lights are among the most controversial of our wedding reception options.
Party members are always loyal when the polls are encouraging.
Party members are members.
Party members are to be got off in all circumstances, even if they are guilty.
Party members are to ensure that they have adequate clothing to meet any contingencies.
Party members are welcome to attend.
Party members argue a postponement is necessary to avoid adverse public reaction.
Party members can also vote for their prospective candidate by post.
Party members can also whisper to each other across rooms.
Party members claim they are pressured to quit and that many succumb.
Party members get better with time.
Party members grow more and more angry.
Party members hold most senior government positions at all levels of administration.
Party members hold office in a few townships.
Party members say it's just a matter of time.
Party members share equally in gold and experience points.
Party members sustain the party through their annual membership dues.
Party members work together to win elections and change laws.
All party members start to regenerate.
Party organization ensures the provision of such parliamentary heads.
Party organizations do the bulk of the work, much of it with volunteers.
Party organizers are responsible for what goes on at a Harris party.
Party packs are also available.
Party packs are package deals that offer guaranteed parties.
Party people have an eye that can identify the true meaning of a party.
Party plans are available and include a round of golf, food, parking and more.
Party plans are in the works.
All party planks are just mechanisms for maintaining or increasing the party's power.
Party planner look without the party planner price.
Party planners go everywhere.
Party planners have a variety of selections.
Party planners love parties.
Every party planner wants their event to be unique and creative.
Party planning can be a real drudgery or it can be a fun experience.
Party platforms are open jokes.
Party platforms depend on the composition of the parties' primary electorate.
Party platforms do indeed make a difference.
Party primaries are the first step towards the brass ring.
Party rap is generally more lighthearted and more popular with young teenage girls.
Many party records give no performer credit on their labels.
Party room is available.
Party rooms are also available for special occasions.
Party rules determine which registered voters are eligible to vote in the party's primary.
Some party rules are inadequate, and enforcement of the current rules is sometimes inadequate.
Party spirit is all that is required.
Party spirit is devotion
Party spirit is devotion.
Party spirit is no new thing.
Party spirit is the enemy of truth.
Party spirit starts that way and can sour the atmosphere in a church.
Party state means a state or jurisdiction that is an authorized participant in the compact.
Most party stores have supplies in the traditional green, gold and purple.
Party supplies are available for purchase.
Party supply needs from tents and dance floors to folding chairs, tables, linens, dinnerware.
Party switches are actually quite rare.
Party system is an undemocratic maneuver to gain an advantage over other individual voices.
Party tents are anchored by stakes.
All party tents are durable, lightweight and portable.
Party time is over- time to buckle down and get ready for school.
Party time is over.
Party times are limited.
Party unity is no excuse to do the wrong thing.
A party whip is a legislator
Party whips are unable to control the delegates.
A party is an organization
Parties  dances.
Parties abound, but kids' events, concerts, parades and masses are being held, too.
Parties abound, especially during Homecoming.
Parties abound, with celebrations ranging from birthdays to bachelorette parties.
Parties accept recommendation or are encouraged to settle the matter in court.
Parties aggregate multiple points of view and policies to get the most number of votes.
Parties agree on mediation.
Parties agree on settlement terms.
Parties agree to abstain from importing any weapons.
Parties agree to abstain from importing heavy weapons.
Parties agree to be bound by results of a test case.
Parties agree to discuss settlement.
Parties agree to early resolution.
Parties agree to maintain a relationship that is to the mutual benefit of both parties.
Parties agreeing to mediation or evaluation are to bear the costs of the procedure.
Parties allow players to work together to beat the game.
Parties also agree to present facts honestly.
Parties also are welcome to make written submissions in lieu of speaking at the forum.
Parties also can communicate by typing messages over the computer keyboard.
Parties also commit to working together on a range of international cooperative activities.
Parties also have more control over the costs of the dispute process.
Parties also have the option of choosing ad hoc judges on their behalf.
Parties also operate under severe statutory regulations that restrict their operations.
Parties also struggle to distinguish the issues which are salient to voters.
Parties announce their policies and, then, voters vote.
Parties are a benefit.
Parties are a big part of college.
Parties are a continuation of business by other means.
Parties are a fun social medium and are a great advantage to living off campus.
Parties are a good forum for recognizing their contributions.
Parties are a long-standing part of adolescents' social life.
Parties are a privilege.
Parties are a subset of injured persons.
Parties are a time of fun and enjoyment for our children.
Parties are a well-spring of spontaneous experience.
Parties are active on all three levels of government national, state and local.
Parties are activities.
Parties are affairs.
Parties are also less tempted to provoke a clash when the arbitration clause is well drafted.
Parties are also very useful ways for recruiters to seduce young people into the gang.
Parties are also welcome outside normal opening times, by prior arrangements.
Parties are always a fun time at area day-care centers.
Parties are always good.
Parties are at odds over rules for nominating jurists.
Parties are available on weekends only.
Parties are available to groups of all sizes on a variety of days and times throughout the year.
Parties are basically electoral colleges, their job is to elect candidates for public office.
Parties are both the blessing and the curse of political liberty.
Parties are but tools for grasping power and implementing policies.
Parties are certainly the way to go.
Parties are crazy.
Parties are creations of the times.
Parties are easier to organize and clean up if everyone brings cutlery or dishes.
Parties are equally popular in FECs and CECs.
Parties are essential in Brazil.
Parties are events.
Parties are everywhere and every night from the early evening until the sun rises.
Parties are filters.
Parties are free to accept, consider, modify or reject the panels recommendation.
Parties are free to adjust their contracts as they deem fit.
Parties are free to bind themselves to whatever termination provisions they wish.
Parties are free to choose laws they are familiar and most comfortable with.
Parties are free to choose the unit they prefer in contractual relationships.
Parties are free to picnic on the lawns, or under cover if wet.
Parties are fun, but it needs to be balanced.
Parties are fun.
Parties are gathering.
Parties are generally free to contract for a wide range of alimony contingencies.
Parties are generally on weekends and during the evening.
Parties are generally small, averaging from two to six people with maximum capacity twelve.
Parties are good.
Parties are great especially in times of grieving and loss.
Parties are great places for meeting new people and socializing.
Parties are groups of people.
Parties are held once a month with a different theme every time.
Parties are in discovery.
Parties are in the infomercial business.
Parties are interested in retaining control of the outcome.
Parties are it.
Parties are just the vessel of the competition.
Parties are kind of odd, a whole group of people assemble at the behest of a single individual.
Parties are likely to be particularly difficult.
Parties are limited to eight people.
Parties are located in boats.
Parties are located in fraternity houses.
Parties are located in homes.
Parties are more accepting of solutions which they themselves have developed.
Parties are more fun here too.
Parties are more fun than devastation.
Parties are more fun without arrests, property damage or personal injuries.
Parties are more satisfied with the problem-solving process and with the results.
Parties are necessary sometimes - all work and no play and all that.
Parties are never complete without sake, or water disguised as sake.
Parties are now more sophisticated in conducting the interviewing process.
Parties are nowhere to be found in the constitution.
Parties are numerous, from a date dash one week to a theme party or switch with a sorority the next.
Parties are of course free to choose how fully they complete each part of the form.
Parties are of course free to choose how fully they complete each subject field.
Parties are often confused and fearful of losing their rights and being taken advantage of.
Parties are often part of the Greek system's socialization.
Parties are often unaware that mediation is an option.
Parties are one and a half hours in length.
Parties are only parties if there is dancing.
Parties are open to anyone interested in Science Fiction fandom .
Parties are organised to go to plays, operas, concerts and pantomimes.
Parties are organizations designed to achieve political place and power.
Parties are organizations.
Parties are our business.
Parties are our specialty.
Parties are particularly good occasions to begin semi-illicit friendships and relationships.
Parties are people.
Parties are physical landscapes which provide outlets for one's personality.
Parties are popular.
Parties are power-seeking devices.
Parties are pretty elastic.
Parties are rarer, and the ones there are tend to be smaller and more exclusive.
Parties are really great.
Parties are reluctant to appeal administrative decisions to courts for several reasons.
Parties are responsible for all costs incurred for mediation.
Parties are responsible for any damage to the room or equipment caused as a result of their misuse.
Parties are responsible for giving such notice to their witnesses.
Parties are scheduled on a first come, first serve basis.
Parties are sets.
Parties are so stupid.
Parties are social gathering.
Parties are subject to double moves, etc.
Parties are subject to space availability.
Parties are sworn, evidence is presented and witnesses are cross-examined.
Parties are the antidote to narrow, particular interests.
Parties are the best possible way to launch the project.
Parties are the best way to enjoy and relax.
Parties are the channels supplying organs of state power with people.
Parties are the first things that spring to mind.
Parties are the inventions of men, usually used for the benefit of a powerful elite.
Parties are the lifeblood of our republic.
Parties are the most popular thing here in the campus.
Parties are the past.
Parties are the penultimate test for geekdom.
Parties are the people who have an interest in the outcome of an unemployment compensation case.
Parties are then able to view the letters submitted by their counterparties.
Parties are therefore familiar with collaborative processes.
Parties are to confer and narrow their areas of disagreement in advance of any hearing.
Parties are to file brief statements of position.
Parties are to follow three vague guidelines, none of which are legally binding.
Parties are to indicate in the notice their e-mail address, if available.
Parties are to indicate in the notice their email address, where available.
Parties are to indicate in the notice their Internet email address, if available.
Parties are to indicate in the notice their Internet email address, where available.
Parties are to indicate in the notice, their email address, where available.
Parties are too messy.
Parties are two hours in length.
Parties are two hours long, unless otherwise noted.
Parties are two hours long.
Parties are unstable and hard to distinguish on the basis of substantive issues.
Parties are used for birthdays.
Parties are used for celebration.
Parties are used for dancing.
Parties are used for recreation.
Parties are used for reunion.
Parties are usually open only to couples and single women.
Parties are vehicles to power.
Parties are verry unequally divided here.
Parties are very welcome.
Parties are welcome throughout the year.
Parties are welcome.
Parties are work.
Parties are year round.
Parties are, by their very nature, inextricably linked to their candidates.
Parties are, once again, encouraged to participate fully by promptly submitting forms.
Parties are, therefore, free to allocate the responsibility for auxiliary aids.
Parties assemble for the purpose.
Parties assert ownership through hostile adverse possession.
Parties Avoid parties where drinking is the focus.
Parties based on ethnicity or religion are to be barred.
Parties based on political interests simply twist party politics and lead to more divisiveness.
Parties bear the cost of their designee and share in the costs of the public member.
Parties become monuments to dead leaders.
Parties become qualified once a member from that party is elected to the parliament.
Parties begin when the gates open.
Parties bicker over uranium deposit.
Parties blind meaningful political theory and sterilise progressive political action.
Parties book in advance for tea and other meals.
Parties break out.
Parties bring our cities to a stand still.
Parties build group morale and give members a chance to get to know each other better.
Parties can agree prior to the hearing, on what they wish to have decided.
Parties can agree that the arbitration be binding or non-binding.
Parties can also agree to arbitrate domestic disputes.
Parties can also agree to mediate a dispute at the time it arises.
Parties can also draft their own code of good faith at the commencement of the bargaining process.
Parties can also spend an unlimited amount of hard money on expenditures independent of a candidate.
Parties can also stipulate that their contract is concluded for an indefinite period.
Parties can always call the clerk to check on the status of any pending matter.
Parties can appear in person or be represented by anyone they choose.
Parties can approach a registrar in chambers where an access order is by consent.
Parties can avoid proof and confidentiality problems by memorializing their agreement in writing.
Parties can be formal sit-down dinners, barbecues, tailgate parties, or other informal gatherings.
Parties can be just as much fun to give as to attend.
Parties can be weekends, weekdays, daytime or evening.
Parties can buy, sell, or trade assets between themselves.
Parties can choose which of the many programs is most appropriate for their particular matter.
Parties can communicate and discuss the subject of the litigations between themselves.
Parties can communicate with each other, and they can make binding commitments.
Parties can consent to personal jurisdiction in a variety of ways.
Parties can contract to limit or specify the authority of the arbitrator.
Parties can define themselves to voters through their words and through their actions.
Parties can design whatever process they mutually desire.
Parties can develop.
Parties can easily disintegrate.
Parties can enter into another marriage after the divorce is final.
Parties can establish their own mechanism, participants and timetable.
Parties can get stuck trying to re-interpret each other s history.
Parties can go privately or as a pilgrimage.
Parties can have very different structures.
Parties can make fee agreements which are quite creative, and they are free to do so.
Parties can often be a killer.
Parties can participate at times that are convenient and respond when they are capably prepared.
Parties can prepare steps to deal with future conflicts about the same or similar issues.
Parties can protect their privacy because there are no public hearings or public documents.
Parties can raise money.
Parties can receive materials prior to the mediation.
Parties can remove themselves from the call by hanging up.
Parties can request a caucus at an appropriate time.
Parties can resolve their issues without the costs and stress associated with court appearances.
Parties can respond in rebuttal testimony to issues other parties raise.
Parties can seek to withdraw from the mandatory referral by motion.
Parties can submit a diskette.
Parties can talk about inclusiveness, but the bottom line is what they do.
Parties can then log onto the system to read the text of the filed document.
Parties can verify whom they are dealing with.
Parties can waive disqualification after meeting with their lawyers.
Parties can walk away having won something, albeit by conceding something else.
Parties can, by motion, seek to remove a case from mediation.
Parties can, for a time, lose touch with reality.
Parties caucus briefly.
Parties celebrate the person and the occasion.
Parties challenge political ban.
Parties change so quick in what they believe and what they stand for.
Parties choose the arbitrator.
Parties choose the mediator and when and where to meet.
Parties Click here for the current list of parties scheduled for the coming year.
Parties come for private festivities or business transactions at the chef's table.
Parties come to complete agreement on issues raised.
Parties commit a bigger sin when they take their best messages for granted.
Parties compete with each other to produce the policy which commands most support.
Parties comply better with their settlement agreements.
Parties conducting Internet transactions can do so with greater confidence, experts say.
Parties continue to litigate in conventional ways with focus on comparability.
Parties control the approach to the case.
Parties control the outcome.
Parties decide the content, structure, and duration of the procedure.
Parties decide what to bring to the table.
Parties define own goals.
Parties define the problem and solution.
Parties desiring an education ought to attend.
Parties dispute software development process, features implemented and development schedule.
Parties do exist and that is a reality.
Parties do take place.
Parties dominated by techies are truly exciting experiences.
Parties don t win or lose in mediation.
Parties enhance the possibility of continuing their business relationship with each other.
Parties enter into an agreement to arbitrate or a submission agreement.
Parties entering contracts are, in general.
Parties exalt their principles and ideologies and movements tend to exalt their leaders.
Parties exchange scientific expert reports .
Parties exist simply to win elections.
Parties exist to win elections.
Parties express states.
Parties feature music, food, toys and entertainment.
Parties feature outstanding live performances with superb food and drink in great locations.
Parties follow in classrooms, hosted by class parents.
Parties follow, with games, food, and future telling.
Parties formulate settlement.
Parties Freeze cupcakes to be take to birthday parties.
Parties further pray for other just and equitable remedy.
Parties gain and lose power because of shifts in the public's beliefs.
Parties generally meet in two hour sessions, approximately two to five times.
Parties generally present evidence by calling witnesses and asking questions.
Parties generally save money through reduced legal costs and less staff time.
Parties generally select mediators who have expertise in the subject matter of the case.
Parties get out of hand when too many unexpected guests show up.
Parties give priority to controlling the personnel of government.
Parties go much better when the kids get out, especially if the party is after school.
Parties go on but are covered up.
Parties go on for days and the entire club member court is invited.
Parties go on way past the usual hours and firecrackers bang, bang, bang all night long.
Parties Going to parties is what makes the holiday season festive.
Parties have a child in common.
Parties have a court to appoint a retired judge to render a judgment on a product liability case.
Parties have a legitimate interest in funding their candidates.
Parties have a virtual monopoly over the election of members of parliament.
Parties have absolute rights to enjoy the fruits of their labor and to engage in voluntary exchange.
Parties have agendas and goals.
Parties have an equal say in the process.
Parties have control of outcome.
Parties have discretion to utilize an alternative method of neutral selection if they so wish.
Parties have exclusive use of the facility.
Parties have First Amendment rights to run their own affairs.
Parties have little to lose by trying mediation.
Parties have members.
Parties have more opportunity to express their own interests and concerns.
Parties have organizations.
Parties have rights to monitor the process of destruction without quota limits.
Parties have ten days after a ruling to file a motion for reconsideration.
Parties have territory.
Parties have the opportunity to express their views.
Parties have the option of choosing either a neutral conference or a hearing.
Parties have the option of extending the contract for an additional hourly charge.
Parties have the power to issue subpoenas for personal attendance and the production of documents.
Parties have the responsibility for paying the neutral.
Parties have the right to a Modification Hearing if they disagree with the results of the review.
Parties have the right to appeal hearing decisions into state or federal court.
Parties have the right to be represented by counsel and to conduct cross-examination of witnesses.
Parties have the right to breach contracts if they want to.
Parties have the right to cross-examine each other under the direction of the hearing officer.
Parties have the right to make oral arguments or to submit written briefs.
Parties have three children.
Parties have three options for selecting a mediator.
Parties have to convince voters their policies and candidates are superior.
Parties have to find a way to communicate better, to cooperate, to partner.
Parties have to have a democratic internal structure.
Parties have to stand on their record.
Parties have two years to audit and dispute bills.
Parties Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Parties here are a regular happening and half the fun.
Parties hold conventions to choose their candidates.
Parties identify areas of agreement and disagreement.
Parties include people.
Parties incur actual cost in relying and often forego other opportunities.
Parties introduce evidence at trial.
Parties involved are inclined to negotiate privately on compensation matters.
Parties involved in a transaction are responsible for themselves.
Parties involved in cases spend months and thousands of dollars preparing their cases for trial.
Parties involved in the talks hope to reach a resolution by the end of the year.
Parties is just an earthquake or two away.
Parties keep control over the outcome of their own problem.
Parties last three hours.
Parties last two hours.
Parties learn conflict resolution skills.
Parties link the government with the people.
Parties looking for an above-average experience can choose their own theme.
Parties lose concentration.
Parties lurk everywhere.
Parties maintain control.
Parties maintain more involvement and control over the personal, family and financial destinies.
Parties make sure soft money ends up where it's needed most.
Parties make their submissions in writing.
Parties making use of such information do so entirely at their own risk.
Parties mean celebration, presents, games, and special treats.
Parties meet to agree shared targets and commitments.
Parties meet to review the effectiveness of phosphate control programs.
Parties mirror one another's attitudes, exchanging favors on the spot.
Parties negotiate settlements all the time.
Parties Never drink and drive.
Parties never finish until early the next morning or afternoon.
Parties normally represent themselves and it is unusual for parties to be represented by lawyers.
Parties object to the rates, terms and conditions of the service.
Parties occur, filmmakers mingle and filmlovers gush with excitement.
Parties offer their property to the entire market.
Parties only agree to what they feel is in their own interest.
Parties only go to court because there is an argument as to the content of the law.
Parties participate in problem-solving process.
Parties pass encryption keys to each other.
Parties pay mediators directly for their services.
Parties pay own transaction costs, if any.
Parties pay their own attorney's fees, but usually split the administrative and arbitrators' fees.
Parties paying full price for braille and cassette tapes acquire ownership of the material.
Parties pick candidates to run for office.
Parties plaintiff and defendant.
Parties pose special problems for people with diabetes.
Parties present a special challenge, particularly if smokers are present.
Parties preserve control of outcome.
Parties provide for the openness of their financial activity.
Parties provide one means of doing that.
Parties provide opportunity.
Parties provide services.
Parties provide the link between the citizen and the government of the day.
Parties receive copies of all documents filed in the record of the proceeding.
Parties receive notice of the court date by mail within one to two weeks of filing.
Parties receive public funds depending on their vote share.
Parties receive the first three hours of mediation free of charge.
Parties recess into caucus rooms on either side of the floor to huddle and design plays.
Parties recognize that a non-joint process serves their interests better and move toward it.
Parties recognize that fair elections are the only means of attaining political power.
Parties refrain to nominate Copts.
Parties relinquish control of outcome.
Parties remain in control of the process, and the outcome.
Parties renegotiate the team plan when major deviations occur.
Parties reorganize to attract the emerging blocks of reform voters.
Parties requesting four-letter ccall signs are to follow the procedures delineated in Sec.
Parties reserve the right to withdraw from the mediation at any time once the process begins.
Parties retain the right for a trial de novo.
Parties retain their rights against self-incrimination.
Parties row over Castor transport Bonn.
Parties seeking redress by trial are usually very far apart.
Parties seeking to vacate arbitration awards bear an extraordinarily high burden.
Parties seem like the only place to go and therefore a lot of underage drinking occurs.
Parties select mediators, who serve pro bono, from the court's roster or from another source.
Parties select presidential candidates, party whips and name of their party.
Parties serve to mediate disputes between interests and to form governing coalitions.
Parties shift the pattern of performance to reduce the risk of opportunistic breach.
Parties showing interest include both foreign and domestic investors and realtors.
Parties shy away from TV in by-elections because of the high cost to reach a single electorate.
Parties sign confidentiality agreement.
Parties solicit soft money and spend it supporting their candidates.
Parties speak to a jurist directly.
Parties start on the hour during regular gym hours.
Parties start one hour before tipoff.
Parties start seeing things more from their spouse's position.
Parties stay focused on the problem.
Parties submit a position paper of ten pages or less to the mediator.
Parties supplying their own vehicle are eligible for discounted rates.
Parties support government.
Parties take places.
Parties taking place in private areas and overflowing into public spaces become public parties.
Parties talk, exchange ideas and discover solutions.
Parties tell their side of the story to each other.
Parties tend to be more satisfied and comply with resolutions they personally design.
Parties tend to carry out much of their platform when in office.
Parties tend to wait until shortly before trial to commence serious negotiations.
Parties then arise naturally.
Parties then can continue on to Iron Lake and Crooked Lake for smallmouth bass.
Parties then fill the seats with the candidates on their lists, in order.
Parties therefore nominate more candidates than they can hope to see elected.
Parties throughtout the year by arrangement.
Parties try to work out disagreement among themselves.
Parties Type the name of the party or parties in the case.
Parties typically last about two hours.
Parties ultimately find a resolution.
Parties use caucus meetings to designate their legislative leaders.
Parties use their ads to attack opposing candidates.
Parties using it begin by together defining the problems or issues they want to resolve.
Parties vary in their size and ways of organising as well as in their policies.
Parties welcome for all occasions.
Parties welcome for deep sea fishing and mackerel fishing.
Parties welcome, no pets.
Parties win seats in proportion to their share of the electorate.
Parties wishing to file electronic versions of their comments can do so by email or on diskette.
Parties wishing to file electronic versions of their submissions can do so by email or on diskette.
Parties wishing to remain anonymous can, of course, do so.
Parties work cooperatively to find a mutually acceptable solution.
Parties wouldn t come around the table.
Party begin down that youth yet add dallas cowboys watch.
Party begins at midnight.
Party can split up, can view any party member.
Party claims to be anti-sectarian and dedicated to a pluralist society.
Party comes round corner, into clearing.
Party draw beside a rock unless bet womens corduroy pants.
Party favors for each child, including a safari hat to take home.
Party follows concert.
Party gets it.
Party give aways, and spectacular light shows.
Party goes on.
Party grow Crime after noise against lots skiing once rent on whatever vessel.
Party has apparently a significant effect on a representative's propensity to support the CC agenda.
Party hunting privileges of the adult supervisor apply to the youth.
Party includes food buffet, sodas, lemonade and cash bar.
Party includes pizza, pop, cake, name tags, invitations and a gift.
Party is a high time for such feelings, yes.
Party is a principle based party.
Party is a swindle.
Party is an ideology.
Party is an important part of a child's life.
Party is committed to protecting the environment and creating social justice.
Party is focused on progressive principles.
Party is in decline.
Party is moderate about power playing.
Party is often unfamiliar with foreign legal system.
Party is responsible for local taxes.
Party is still responsible to remediate contamination remaining on the property.
Party is the collective name of a group of peacocks.
Party is the key word here.
Party is the operative term.
Party is up to.
Party isa event.
Party isa organization.
Party likewise Beginning measure no grant between that obscure vws for sale.
Party linkages to state and government.
Party meets the French onthe way to church.
Party only starts fashionably late though - usually past midnight.
Party picks up phone call.
Party reports Reports from some recent demo parties, with pictures.
Party s over for a while.
Party s over, folks.
Party spends night in an Indian hut.
Party spoken within a dust consequently want grat big bertha golf.
Party stands for just and sustainable environmental, economic and social policies.
Party starts at noon.
Party starts early here.
Party supports channels.
Party watch Political life goes on beyond the big three.
Party wins the presidency.
Parties frequently seek recourse to the courts when changes occur in their individual circumstances.
Parties often agree to disagree, but open breaches are rare.
Parties often commence actions claiming on bill of ladings in another court.
Parties often expect the arbitrator they appoint to act as their advocate on the panel.
Parties often feel free, therefore, to discuss hidden interests with the mediator.
Parties often hunt in coordination.
Parties often last into the middle of the night after the ringing in of a new year.
Parties often negotiate the details of a contract before becoming signatories.
Parties often show their most unreasonable side.
Parties often tend to play the 'more Islamic than thou' card.
Parties often use experts such as arborists, engineers, architects or builders in their evidence.
Parties sometimes happen on interviews.
Parties usually meet with a mediator in a series of conferences without attorneys present.
Parties usually pay the mediator's fees in equal shares.
All parties usually attend the closing at the same time.
All parties accept the principle of power-sharing.
All parties acknowledge the past pain, despair and suffering that fuels anger and violence.
All parties adapt their politics to the requirements of the stock market.
All parties agree on the preeminence of the Internet in the industry's future.
All parties agree that adaptive management is the best approach.
All parties agree that C is the proper criminal history score.
All parties agree that controls become easier if an environmental or watershed group gets involved.
All parties agree that flexibility is desirable if it can be achieved fairly.
All parties agree that Illinois law governs the contract in question.
All parties agree that it is in an advanced state of deterioration.
All parties agree that Minnesota law applies.
All parties agree that now is the time for revision.
All parties agree that the employe is entitled to back pay for lost work time.
All parties agree that the future of cord blood is promising.
All parties agree that the long-term integrity of the gunboat is of paramount importance.
All parties agree that the outcome of the litigation is uncertain.
All parties agree that the overall project density meets the South Burlington zoning requirement.
All parties agree that the patient was never in jeopardy.
All parties agree that the present contract is subject to french law.
All parties agree that the site is within a floodplain.
All parties agree that their dispute is governed by Pennsylvania law.
All parties agree that there are no material facts in dispute.
All parties agree the approval standard is net positive benefits.
All parties agree the detective was initially engaged in legitimate police business.
All parties agree the process takes too long.
All parties agree the third party's negligence was the sole cause of the accident.
All parties agree there is a problem with eating disorders in collegiate competition.
All parties agree to be bound by the laws of New South Wales.
All parties agree to be bound by the ruling of the arbiter.
All parties agree to cancel a specified contract.
All parties agree to confidentiality in writing.
All parties agree to exercise due care in handling such property.
All parties agree to maximize efforts designed to increase ridership.
All parties agree to uphold confidentiality.
All parties agree, however, that the stop sign on the township road was unobstructed.
All parties agree, however, that there is cause for alarm.
All parties appeal from the judgment.
All parties are age appropriate.
All parties are agreeable to the proposed curriculum changes.
All parties are available for comment or further interview.
All parties are both givers and receivers.
All parties are calendar year taxpayers.
All parties are cash method, calendar year taxpayers.
All parties are certain to offer their election programmes.
All parties are committed to coordinating the timelines required by each agency.
All parties are concerned about program overload at Austin, though.
All parties are conscious that Senegal is, undoubtedly, badly governed.
All parties are currently in negotiations.
All parties are delighted with the outcomes.
All parties are eager to develop a more in-depth future partnership.
All parties are equal before the law and each is entitled to the same fair treatment.
All parties are equal before the law and each is given the same fair and impartial treatment.
All parties are equal before the law.
All parties are free to accept or reject information.
All parties are fully committed to making improvements.
All parties are in agreement over financing the fund.
All parties are interested in how other institutions are handling their work processes.
All parties are interested in the profits construction projects bring.
All parties are invitation-only unless otherwise noted.
All parties are now willing to work together on future projects.
All parties are of legal age and agree upon the legal consideration to be paid.
All parties are open to pagans and friends.
All parties are responsible for the state of the equipment and method of payment.
All parties are responsible for their or there own deeds.
All parties are responsible.
All parties are satisfied before the protocol is approved.
All parties are satisfied.
All parties are subject to availability.
All parties are subject to availably.
All parties are subject to verification.
All parties are tentative.
All parties are the same.
All parties are then frustrated and continued effort is expended pursuing senseless objectives.
All parties are thus able to hold their internal meetings in joint facilities.
All parties are to be officially notified, in writing, of the school board's decision.
All parties are to bear their own costs and attorney fees.
All parties are two hours in length.
All parties are two hours long.
All parties are welcome to add relevant events to the calendar.
All parties are welcome to appear and participate at any setting.
All parties are welcome to attend the seminar.
All parties are welcome.
All parties are wrong and guilty for the terror they rain down on the people in the Balkans.
All parties attend hearing.
All parties bear their own costs.
All parties begin in the party room.
All parties begin to feel better about what has happened.
All parties being aware of the problem is often enough to eliminate it.
All parties believe passionately in the project.
All parties believe that someone else is primarily responsible for the contamination of the site.
All parties benefit from data integrity, delivery robustness, and ease of execution.
All parties benefit from jail library service.
All parties benefit from mutually sharing information, technique, and opinion.
All parties benefit from the discussion lists.
All parties benefit from the set-up wizard.
All parties benefit if the process of consultation is as efficient and effective as possible.
All parties benefit under such a plan.
All parties benefit.
All parties beware.
All parties can benefit from teaching that involves all five senses.
All parties can expect to find their way toward a mutually agreeable solution.
All parties can go back to their jobs now.
All parties can hereby put in their comments on the interim report and results of the research.
All parties can learn from each other.
All parties can readily refer to it as necessary.
All parties can then go to a single location to get the documents they require.
All parties can view and interact with the most current accounting data and reports simultaneously.
All parties can view graphics no matter their locations through secure password protected pages.
All parties collaborating in the plagiarism processes are equally liable.
All parties come out winners.
All parties come to an end, they have to.
All parties come to the hearing on an equal footing.
All parties complete and assemble the remaining documents for the closing.
All parties concede that the house is very small.
All parties condemn war as a means of settling disputes.
All parties conference.
All parties congratulate themselves on the benefits of French specificity.
All parties connected with the affair are substantial citizens of the county.
All parties continue to be bound by that agreement.
All parties deal directly with each other.
All parties deny indication of prior relationship.
All parties develop a plan.
All parties do it.
All parties engage in a national conversation on envisioning a future that works for all.
All parties enjoy the significant bottom-line benefits of networking the supply chain.
All parties ensure agreed limits are strictly adhered to by carrying out regular noise monitoring.
All parties enter on the parking lot side.
All parties enter the system voluntarily.
All parties exchange discovery materials and be prepared to discuss settlement.
All parties expect controversy.
All parties face the threat of rebel candidates.
All parties file direct testimony.
All parties file initial testimony containing universal service proposals.
All parties file rebuttal testimony, as appropriate.
All parties file, asking for summary judgment for their side.
All parties fish in Six Mile Creek.
All parties gain in experience that way and costly mistakes can be avoided.
All parties get some of what they want.
All parties give feedback directly to the project teams, committees and workgroups.
All parties go for launch.
All parties have a chance to explain their point of view.
All parties have a collective responsibility here.
All parties have a right to seek representation in order to resolve any dispute.
All parties have a steadfast commitment to diversity.
All parties have at one point or another had the old reflex.
All parties have different grassroots support and embodydiffering public opinions.
All parties have ethical responsibilities.
All parties have instant feedback, know what's happening, and where they stand.
All parties have the responsibility to tell the truth.
All parties have the right to attend and represent themselves or be represented by an attorney.
All parties have the right to be present and to be represented by an attorney.
All parties have the right to be present at all hearings.
All parties have the right to be present at all termination hearings.
All parties have the right to be represented by legal counsel.
All parties have the right to be represented or assisted by an attorney.
All parties have the right to examine and cross examine witnesses.
All parties have the right to investigate the case.
All parties have the right to question witnesses and to scrutinize evidence.
All parties have the right to request a review of the Order or file an appeal.
All parties have the right to review physical evidence prior to the Hearing.
All parties have thirty days from the service of the notice of review to submit briefs to the board.
All parties have to agree to move the case forward or to settle.
All parties have to be in agreement for a special committee of the commons to operate.
All parties have to be prepared to cooperate.
All parties have to cooperate, first, second part, and so on.
All parties have to enter into purposeful negotiations to achieve a breakthrough.
All parties have to feel secure, relaxed and have a terrific sense of humor.
All parties have to ratify the agreement individually before it enters into force.
All parties involved agree on a date, time and location for the closing.
All parties involved agree to confidentiality.
All parties involved are excited about the project and eager to get started.
All parties involved are excited.
All parties involved are in denial.
All parties involved are self serving.
All parties involved can coordinate the use of resources, plan routes, loads and delivery deadlines.
All parties involved continue to address the issue and keep the construction work progressing.
All parties involved feel helpless.
All parties involved have the right to cross examine.
All parties involved have to be open to all options that minimize the departmental costs.
All parties involved in a cheating incident fail that assignment.
All parties involved in a dispute receive a copy of the decision and supporting reasons.
All parties involved in a relationship bear the responsibility of making it work.
All parties involved in and affected by a decision are active participants.
All parties involved in such transactions are subject to prosecution.
All parties involved in the complaint have the right to attend any grievance hearing.
All parties involved in the election can see both benefits and downfalls to having Internet voting.
All parties involved in the system agree that it is dysfunctional.
All parties involved look to the court to manage and dispose of litigation in an efficient fashion.
All parties involved say their priority is to maintain the fund's integrity and strength.
All parties involved with the case are to be present to negotiate and accept matters agreed upon.
All parties involved with the case say the settlement is confidential.
All parties involved, however, are to be informed of the resolution in a timely manner.
All parties join and participate entirely at their own risk.
All parties keep a copy during each step of the execution.
All parties know and approve of the transaction.
All parties leave the hearing room.
All parties look forward to working together in the spirit of cooperation. .
All parties maintain confidentiality.
All parties meet and develop a wellness plan for the offender.
All parties meet for lunch at the lodge.
All parties now agree that the charge was false.
All parties now assemble around the expectant couple.
All parties now claim title to the watch.
All parties participate in a single primary.
All parties participate in the mediation session.
All parties participate in, and thus control, the process of tailoring the ground rules.
All parties participate to the expenses of the databases.
All parties pass relatively peacefully.
All parties propose minor changes in the distribution and repayment schemes for student loans.
All parties provide lists of candidates which are displayed on the ballot.
All parties receive a copy of the title commitment for review.
All parties receive copies of the learning contracts as well as lists of specific responsibilities.
All parties receive copies of the recommendation at that time.
All parties receive copies.
All parties receive notice of major account activity via certified or registerd mail.
All parties receive the same information.
All parties recognize that it is mutually beneficial to resolve disputes as informally as possible.
All parties recognize that the mediator has no authority to force a settlement on the parties.
All parties recognize that the property s location in the floodway is taken into consideration.
All parties refrain from interfering in, each others' internal ecclesiastical affairs.
All parties release each other from all claims relating to earth materials removed . . .
All parties remain standing.
ALL parties require a reservation and deposit.
All parties require accurate information if a fair outcome is to be achieved.
All parties reside in Highland County.
All parties retain full functionality and remain synchronized in the data displayed.
All parties retain what ever appropriate legal right.
All parties say they are committed to multi-party democracy and respect for human rights.
All parties say they'd like to reach agreement with going to the courts.
All parties seek to control our activities in ways which best serve their interests.
All parties seem to agree that reform is necessary, but unanimity ends there.
All parties seem to agree the county needs a new hospital.
All parties seem to be talking peace.
All parties seem to have given up the good fight.
All parties seem to work and live well together despite their differences in culture and politics.
All parties seem uncertain and perplexed as to the course to be pursued.
All parties share responsibility for fostering a wholesome working environment.
All parties share responsibility.
All parties share the benefits of collaboration.
All parties share the cost of the mediation session.
All parties share the goal of finding ways to advance peace.
All parties share the pool with other programs.
All parties sign a diversion agreement.
All parties sign an agreement to that effect.
All parties sign the agreement and each receives a copy.
All parties sign the agreement and receive a copy.
All parties state that it was verbal.
All parties submit to jurisdiction in Ohio.
All parties sue each other, each aserting the negligence of the other parties.
All parties support the same compression standard.
All parties then work from the same estimates in developing the budget.
All parties understand that the surplus is dissappearing and deficit spending likely.
All parties use college facilities at their own risk.
All parties welcome members and participants.
All parties win in mediation.
All parties wish to save time and money in settling the dispute.
All parties work in close collaboration with each other.
All parties work to end all current and future pain and suffering.
All parties work together to determine how to solve a problem.
All parties work toward healing, reconciliation and inclusivity for all communities.
All party needs in one place, except the food and people.
Any parties using ncvt do so at their own risk.
Any party advocating Islamic or Marxist-socialist stale is illegal.
Any party can appeal.
Any party can ask for an earlier review.
Any party can balance the budget during times of surplus revenue.
Any party can cross-examine any witness called by the judge.
Any party can enforce the signed and approved conciliation agreement in court proceedings.
Any party can file a motion to extend the court's jurisdiction.
Any party can initiate call.
Any party can request mediation.
Any party challenging that the account belongs to the survivor has the burden of proof.
Any party exposed to the possibility of such damages has the ability insure against such loss.
Any party found in contempt of court normally receives sanctions.
Any party has a right to see most documents that even arguably relate to a case.
Any party has the right to withdraw at any time.
Any party has the right to withdraw from conciliation at any time.
Any party providing goods or services needs to consider adding provisions that limit warranties.
Every party brings their own talent.
Every party desires maximum portfolios.
Every party has a 'package' of plans.
Every party has a pooper.
Every party has an optional unique email address and an optional url.
Every party has the right to have the jury instructed fairly and correctly.
Every party has their nuts.
Every party has to contribute to finding a solution.
Every party has to have a Photo Booth.
Every party has to have food.
Every party is a winner, and a loser.
Every party is an opportunity to network and meet new people.
Every party is the creation of the party spirit.
Every party is the same.
Every party needs a couple of structured activities to keep the children amused.
Every party needs a good cake.
Every party needs a guest list.
Every party needs a healer and an elemental mage.
Every party needs food, even if it's a bag of chips and a half-eaten jar of salsa.
Every party needs healing magic, protection magic, and status cures.
Every party needs some music to fill the air.
Every party therefore blocks, or excludes, the others from getting on the air.
Many parties often bring a conflicting set of needs to the table.
Many parties appear pro se .
Many parties attend a mediation conference to attempt a settlement.
Many parties call our hotline looking for answers.
Many parties choose to file based on cruelty.
Many parties have a great deal at stake, which can lead to a domino effect.
Many parties have an interest in biotechnology and GMOs.
Many parties involve alcohol of some sort.
Many parties move from being simple gatherings to fun-filled events by the addition of a theme.
Many parties negotiate during the course of litigation.
Many parties occur spontanesouly.
Many parties reconcile their differences and drop their divorce action.
Many parties represent themselves at hearings.
Many parties stand to benefit from the commercialization of personal power systems.
Many parties start here, and skip the section above.
Most parties appear without an attorney or other representative .
Most parties are a place to schmooze and talk a little business, as well.
Most parties are already familiar with traditional rulemaking.
Most parties are buffet style with cocktail plates and napkins stacked at one end of the table.
Most parties are for one hour.
Most parties are free unless otherwise stated.
Most parties are more interested in achieving a resolution than in procedure.
Most parties are public and anyone can attend, but private parties are also available.
Most parties are simply vessels for their leaders.
Most parties are very informal chances for people to gather, talk, and relax.
Most parties bivi here and start the face early the next morning.
Most parties come to mediation with fixed, opposing positions.
Most parties come to the table with rather fixed, opposing positions.
Most parties complete the route in one long day.
Most parties do, in fact, resolve their disputes at the mediation table.
Most parties eventually reach an agreement to divide property.
Most parties express states.
Most parties fly in and boat out.
Most parties have a good understanding of their assets.
Most parties have members.
Most parties have organizations.
Most parties have some tough characters and some weak players.
Most parties have territory.
Most parties just fish until noon the next day.
Most parties lose concentration.
Most parties opt for their own country and city as the site of arbitration.
Most parties provide opportunity.
Most parties provide services.
Most parties reach the portage about lunch time.
Most parties select a four-course meal consisting of appetizers, salads, entrees, and dessert.
Most parties support government.
Most parties take places.
Most parties take three ropes, because it is necessary to lower out for the king swing.
Most parties take two to three days for an ascent.
Most parties use our transportation to the put-in and paddle to our base.
Some parties agree to retain the services of private judges to hear their cases.
Some parties appear here that are also in other categories.
Some parties are formed around a single issue or interest group.
Some parties are interested in previous awards issued by prospective arbitrators.
Some parties are invite only.
Some parties are like being dropped behind enemy lines.
Some parties are mere letters in the alphabet.
Some parties are rain or shine.
Some parties are really original with their shows.
Some parties become roles.
Some parties believe that such a museum remains a viable option for redevelopment of the Area.
Some parties continue to take a very optimistic view of computer productivity.
Some parties develop project proposals.
Some parties develop proposals.
Some parties develop types.
Some parties enter reproduction.
Some parties express hesitation.
Some parties find that an equal time share is appropriate.
Some parties have chiefs.
Some parties have deposition.
Some parties have different organs.
Some parties have less popularity because of their absence in the mass media.
Some parties have oral deposition.
Some parties have organs.
Some parties have representatives.
Some parties have sensory organs.
Some parties have vocabulary.
Some parties let the bride keep all the money.
Some parties provide markets.
Some parties receive copies.
Some parties receive genus.
Some parties receive information.
Some parties receive new genus.
Some parties require a costume.
Some parties require attention.
Some parties require full attention.
Some parties see problems.
Some parties send people ahead to claim tables.
Some parties suffer from opportunism also for the sake of power and that is one aspect.
Some parties support services.
Some parties take place at a chapter house, but often time they occur at a locale off campus.
Some parties use computers.
Some parties use mediation proactively.
Some parties withdraw the complaint and file in court after a determination.
A parvo is an animal virus
Parvo affects dogs of any age, but is most devastating to puppies less than five months of age.
Parvo attacks the rapidly dividing cells of the bone marrow and the small intestine.
Parvo can also attack a dog's heart causing congestive heart failure.
Parvo can eat through arteries, therefore, Parvo can create a secondary infection.
Parvo can result also in intestinal and heart damage.
Parvo can survive in the environment for as long as six months.
Parvo is a deadly virus seen mostly in puppies and unvaccinated young dogs.
Parvo is a virus that appears to be a mutation of feline distemper.
Parvo is contracted through contact with the feces of an infected dog.
Parvo is highly contagious among dogs but is also preventable.
Parvo is our speciality.
Parvo is primarily a puppy disease.
Parvo is resistant to many typical disinfectants and can be difficult to eradicate.
Parvo is shed in the feces so the fecal-oral route of transmission is most common.
Parvo is transmitted by contact with bodily fluid of an infected animal.
Parvo is transmitted through the feces and vomit of infected dogs and puppies.
Parvo usually hits puppies but older dogs can be susceptible.
Parvocellualar neurones limit motion acuity in human peripheral vision.
A parvovirus is an animal virus
Parvovirus affects the digestive system and the heart.
Parvovirus attacks the lining of the digestive system.
Parvovirus can be a concern for pregnant women.
Parvovirus can live for months on any surface and can survive many extremes.
Parvovirus can pass from dog to dog through infected feces.
Parvovirus can persist in the environment for long periods.
Parvovirus can show up as sudden death due to heart damage in very young pups.
Parvovirus has a remarkable host-range mutation, which means is can jump species by mutating.
Parvovirus infects the oropharyngeal cells that come in immediate contact with the virus.
Parvovirus is a dangerous disease that is often fatal.
Parvovirus is a fatal and quick killer.
Parvovirus is a killer of young dogs.
Parvovirus is a serious case in point.
Parvovirus is a single stranded DNA virus.
Parvovirus is an infection with no known treatment.
Parvovirus is capable of causing two different sets of clinical problems.
Parvovirus is characterized by severe, bloody diarrhea and vomiting, high fever and lethargy.
Parvovirus is probably the best-known organism to infect the heart of a dog.
Parvovirus is spread through feces.
Parvovirus is very contagious.
Parvovirus normally infects the dog's intestines, lymphoid tissue and bone marrow.
Parvoviruses are animal viruses.
Parvoviruses are specific viruses that are characterized by which receptors they attack.
Parvoviruses are the smallest known DNA-containing viruses.
Parvoviruses can also cause the death of cell cultures produced from an infected mouse.
Parvoviruses can cause disease in some animals , including starfish and humans.
Parvoviruses fall into five main groups.
All Parvoviruses are highly dependent on cellular functions for genome replication.
PAS stains demonstrate a well-delineated basement membrane under most epithelial cells.
A pas is a step
PAS lists the indices of more recent issues here .
PAS occurs when parents deny the natural grief they feel due to the loss of their unborn child.
PAS works with clients to determine individual and project requirements.
Pases are rivers.
Pases are steps.
Pases privados y castings.
Pascal celery is larger than most other celery types, with firm, solid stalks and leafy ends.
Pascal compilers are available on the computer science workstations.
Pascal language is used for algorithms.
Pascal programmers do it in variant ways.
Pascal source is included.
A pascal is an unit
Pascal isa unit.
Pascal later becomes an esteemed mathematician and philosopher.
Pascal see programming language .
A pasha is authority
Pasha Send feedback to deanhunter.
A pasque flower is a wild flower
Pasque flower has a more flattened seed pod than does blanketflower.
Pasque flower has soft, pubescent, dissected foliage with silken hairs.
Pasque flower is known as the earliest prairie bloom.
Pasque flower prefers full sun to part shade with fertile, well-drained soil.
Pasque flower prefers full sun to partial shade and moist soil.
Pasque flowers are a welcome sign of spring.
Pasque flowers are flowers.
Pasque flowers are perennials.
Pasque flowers grow in shade and prefer a light soil.
Pass Creek is a hidden gem, perfect for the traveler or picnicker.
Pass Creek offers a sheltered winter campground.
Pass Lake is ideal for fishing with a fly rod.
Pass outs are available on request.
Pass outs are available.
Pass phrases tend to be easier to remember and harder to steal.
Pass rushers are always at a premium, and several players stood out over the week's events.
Pass rushers slow down.
Every pass rusher devises a plan of action.
A pass is achievement
PASS consists of a preparatory science course taught in tandem with a special counseling seminar.
Pass cookies separately.
Pass copies out at conventions.
Pass ends through loop and tie firmly.
Pass hate crime legislation including gays.
Pass laces around ankle back, bring to front and tie a bow, letting laces and toggles hang in front.
Pass leads or share business success tips.
Pass notes instead.
Pass notes to the players.
Pass plays present a third option.
Pass raspberry sauce around the table.
Pass raspberry sauce separately.
Pass results directly to group.
PASS seeks to spread knowledge and share experiences to encourage our future leaders.
Pass servlets parameters at initialization time.
Passes are also available at several of the agency's other sales outlets.
Passes are also available for purchase by mail .
Passes are also available for spouses and families of staff members.
Passes are also available through rental car companies , local guides , and resorts .
Passes are also available.
Passes are also on sale now.
Passes are always available in the Washington office without advance notice.
Passes are availabe for various periods of time and are good for unlimited postings.
Passes are available at a number of places near the conference hotel.
Passes are available at all park entrance stations.
Passes are available at any park office or by mail.
Passes are available at any time throughout the year.
Passes are available at entrance stations and Olympic Park visitor centers.
Passes are available at local tourist information centers, local pass outlets and local bike shops.
Passes are available at park entrance stations.
Passes are available at park visitor centers.
Passes are available at the registration area noted above.
Passes are available at VERY low rates if purchased in the first two weeks of sale.
Passes are available each game at the door.
Passes are available for advance purchase at each of the pools.
Passes are available for aerobics classes.
Passes are available for every country in Western Europe, as well as most Eastern countries.
Passes are available for non-European travelers only.
Passes are available for purchase at stations, kiosks and from machines.
Passes are available for purchase at the membership services desk.
Passes are available for two, three or four day periods for both children and adults.
Passes are available for unlimited travel across the country for specific time periods.
Passes are available for various periods of time.
Passes are available from rangers in the parks.
Passes are available from the department office.
Passes are available from the guard office in the main driveway to the campus.
Passes are available from the Registration Desk.
Passes are available in first and second class unless stated otherwise.
Passes are available in the pro shop.
Passes are available in the student union.
Passes are available individually or for both amusement parks.
Passes are available on a first come first serve basis.
Passes are available on a limited, first-come basis.
Passes are available online or at most participating attractions.
Passes are available the last three business days of each month at each location.
Passes are available through the mail.
Passes are available to purchase at the beginning of each academic year.
Passes are available.
Passes are cycles.
Passes are flight.
Passes are for coaches, players, managers, and other members of the varsity team party.
Passes are for emergencies only.
Passes are for free admission for two people, unless otherwise noted.
Passes are for general admission only.
Passes are for select showings .
Passes are for the exclusive use by the person to whom the pass has been assigned.
Passes are for the immediate family use and are non-transferable .
Passes are generally good for up to four people at a time.
Passes are good . . .
Passes are good all season.
Passes are good for five days.
Passes are good for seven consecutive days.
Passes are good for seven days.
Passes are good for the calendar year and are honored in most state parks.
Passes are good for two consecutive days only.
Passes are good for two people each.
Passes are good for unlimited rides, seven days a week during the month for which they are issued.
Passes are good for up to three years from date of issuance.
Passes are good on the bus, too.
Passes are good on the trolley, too.
Passes are good only for that day.
Passes are good only for the season the pass was purchased.
Passes are good until the pools close in the fall.
Passes are interchangeable with Shallow Water Exercise class.
Passes are leaves.
Passes are license.
Passes are location specific.
Passes are locations.
Passes are much lower and easier to negotiate.
Passes are neither refundable nor exchangeable.
Passes are non refundable and non-transferable.
Passes are non-refundable.
Passes are nontransferable and nonreplaceable.
Passes are non-transferable.
Passes are on sale at transport stations.
Passes are on sale NOW, both online and through the mail.
Passes are only valid during scheduled rehearsals.
Passes are only valid for travel in the countries covered by that particular pass.
Passes are part of ranges.
Passes are permission.
Passes are renewable the first of each year.
Passes are situations.
Passes are thrown quickly, runs break off natural seams rather than pancakes.
Passes are throws.
Passes are tickets.
Passes are to be redeemed for a ticket for each program.
Passes are valid for any route which has the same ride value or less as shown on the pass.
Passes are valid for one day only.
Passes are valid for one year.
Passes are valid for the advanced screening at date, time and location specified only.
Passes are valid for the length of their stay.
Passes are valid for three months after North American departure date.
Passes are valid for up to three years, depending on the month of issue.
Passes are valid only for the month specified on the pass.
Passes are valid until the date and time indicated on the pass.
Passes are very rare and tend to deny a four-card suit outside of opener's.
Passes become available one week before the show.
Passes cause passes.
Passes contain a passport sized photo of the bearer laminated to the face of the pass.
Passes cover a calendar month, and no discounts are given for passes sold for partial months.
Passes die fast.
Passes expire at the close of library hours on the date it is issued.
Passes guarantee seating only until ten minutes before showtime.
Passes move crisply across the ice or float perfectly onto intended sticks.
Passes provide substantial savings during the festival.
Passes purchased through agents usually have a substantial handling charge added on.
Passes rebounding off the end-zone nets are also playable until it touches the playing surface.
Passes suddenly miss their mark.
Passes tend to be shorter.
Passes typically cost less than a traditional rail pass.
Passes vary in price from country to country and are available for most European countries.
Passes usually cover just a daytime seat.
All passes admit the pass holder and any accompanying passengers in a single private vehicle.
All passes are for coach class.
All passes are fully transferrable, unless purchased at a discount.
All passes are good for one year from the date of purchase.
All passes are non refundable.
All passes are non transferable.
All passes are non-refundable.
All passes are non-transferable.
All passes are on sale on the bus.
All passes are valid for the current semester of purchase only.
All passes described above are non-transferable.
Every pass comes with a plan.
Every pass has the potential to be picked off.
Every pass is on the tape.
Every pass is vital and every lap is run as hard as possible.
Every pass needs to be perfect, every set needs to be perfect, and so on.
Many passes also have the start date and ending date then placed on the railpass.
Many passes also offer discounts on food and souvenirs.
Many passes are closed in winter.
Most passes are for multiple country travel but there are a few for single country as well.
Most passes are HELD for our sponsors and conference exhibitors.
Most passes have a brief evaluation.
Most passes involve a flick of the wrist with little arm movement.
Most passes occur when someone makes a mistake, so patience is often the best recipe for success.
Some passes are deep, and others are shallow.
Some passes are seasonal and either cost more or are unavailable during peak travel times.
Some passes have evaluations, and the numbers and content is good.
Some passes have only full-time options.
Some passes require a bullet-type throw, others require much more touch.
Passable engine sounds, distinct for each bike, the usual tire squawk, and little else.
Passage of time is necessary to really evaluate a president.
Passage of time is overestimated in a red surround.
Passage of time is the only remedy.
Some passage of time is needed for the uplift and erosion.
Passage allows for clear air space below the desk top.
Passage appears to indicate that baptism is essential for salvation.
Passage comes after years of consideration in city committees.
Passage consider Selves about a field near whatever mate.
Passage contains six chapters.
Passage continues to look good as both bills gain new co-sponsors daily.
Passage covers initial finances in order to leave for a field of service.
Passage demonstrates how far the act of work has evolved toward mobility and interaction.
Passage drop Space alongside wool to one reebok baseballs until voted above a broom.
Passage features electric guitars and Scottish bagpipes.
Passage forgive whatever lower merion in struggle.
Passage has international, contemporary music.
Passage illuminates the process of inspir.
Passage improve Soap toward no quarrel along some readers.
Passage includes descriptions.
Passage includes poetic descriptions.
Passage involves actions.
Passage involves crossing single layer of squamous epithelium surrounded by blood capillaries.
Passage is an action
Passage is another matter.
Passage is anticipated in the very near future.
Passage is by no means assured.
Passage is by two-thirds majority of the total voting membership.
Passage is composed of four columns representing events in an individual's life.
Passage is deliveries.
Passage is determined by a recorded vote of the members.
Passage is impossible on many roads that have either caved in or been blocked by mudslides.
Passage is journeys.
Passage is just one means of awakening the young and the old.
Passage is likely.
Passage is limited to staff and students only.
Passage is located in bibles.
Passage is located in cities.
Passage is located in diaries.
Passage is located in hotels.
Passage is located in houses.
Passage is located in labyrinths.
Passage is located in tunnels.
Passage is musical compositions.
Passage is necessary to get through to the southern part of the cave.
Passage is part of text.
Passage is quick.
Passage is reaction.
Passage is read to group and the reason for choosing the passage is shared.
Passage is required before the senior year of medical school.
Passage is required to continue the PhD program, and students have two chances to pass the exam.
Passage is sections.
Passage is sold on a per bed basis.
Passage is structures.
Passage is used for descriptions.
Passage is used for reads.
Passage isa action.
Passage leads to two chambers.
Passage makes comprehensive security easy to use.
Passage means millions of dollars annually for Oregon's conservation and parks programs.
Passage means no cuts in municipal services or layoffs of city workers.
Passage needs a clear topic, a beginning, middle, and end.
Passage needs more specific support, concrete examples.
Passage produces heat.
Passage provides a more structured classroom environment for a required two hours each day.
Passage provides examples.
Passage replace Ceiling against none pants to a seventeen.
Passage requires a majority of votes cast, provided a quorum is present.
Passage requires a simple majority of the ballots returned.
Passage requires a simple majority.
Passage requires a two-thirds vote of the members present.
Passage requires a unanimous vote of the committee.
Passage seems likely, given the city's rigidly liberal politics.
Passage still seems to be months away.
Passage takes about an hour.
Passages are brief and to the point, reflecting the quick pace of the Internet.
Passages are clear, easy to find, and require only elementary maneuvering to enter.
Passages are difficult to understand.
Passages are sometimes long and have unfamiliar topics.
Passages are too numerous and too familiar to be cited.
Passages are well organized and faithful to the stated purpose of the work.
Passages based on pages most often show the strongest improvement.
Passages can be about any topic and contain all the information needed to answer the questions.
Passages connecting the four towers allow easy access and mobility.
Passages describing unethical acts in the Bible are one example.
Passages flow smoothly in clear, natural English.
Passages flow smoothly in lucid, natural English.
Passages is a group home for men committed to recovery from substance abuse.
Passages is a handsome and self-contained work.
Passages is designed to address the concerns of adult learners with a central focus on advisement.
Passages is different from a worship service.
Passages is known for creating customized itineraries to meet the special needs of groups.
Passages is unlike any other local school.
Passages leading up to major events are so mired in detail that they often become tedious.
Passages marked in blue have an explanatory note at the end of the story.
Passages marked in blue have an explantory note at the end of the story.
Passages provides new students with a wide variety of outdoor activities to choose from.
Passages regarding spiritual gifts seem to assume the fact of spiritual gifting.
Passages seeks to develop both fluency and accuracy in English through a topic-based syllabus.
Passages seeks to examine all facets of the contested terrains histories, economies.
Passages subtly cross and recross a line between shadow and light.
All passages tend to become equally binding on current believers.
Every passage ends with an appropriate graphic.
Every passage is contingent on the one before it.
Every passage stands equally authoritative and equally inspired.
Many passages are famous for their hidden prophecies.
Many passages are 'sumped' and are best avoided.
Many passages rebuke the general concept of lying.
Many passages speak of the conditional nature of our future salvation.
Many passages warn about self-deception.
Many passages warn against even the slightest involvement with the occult.
Most passage includes descriptions.
Most passage includes poetic descriptions.
Most passage involves actions.
Most passage produces heat.
Most passage provides examples.
Some passage affects differentiation potential.
Some passage affects potential.
Some passage follows disturbances.
Some passage increases likelihood.
Some passage leads to disappearances.
Some passage leads to heavy surf.
Some passage leads to surf.
Some passage produces high wind.
Some passage produces wind.
Some passage reduces germination.
Some passage refers to voyages.
Some passage relates to activities.
Some passage supports beliefs.
Some passage takes places.
Some passages are absolutely compelling.
Some passages are absolutely hilarious in a slapstick sense.
Some passages are especially difficult to follow due to a lack of, or overabundance of commas.
Some passages are little more than desiccated infodumps that run for pages.
Some passages are more illuminating for faith and life than others.
Some passages are much more sexually explicit.
Some passages are so poignant in their effect that they take several readings to sink in.
Some passages are virtually hypnotic in their intensity.
Some passages contain several examples.
Some passages describe the great reversal as a political image.
Some passages differ slightly from today's accepted standard.
Some passages have a slightly offset rhythm to help to loosen fixed patterns.
Some passages have biblical references, but no material is written in biblical Hebrew.
Some passages have one question and some have two.
Some passages have poetic flow while others are almost prose.
Some passages have voice, but others sound flat.
Some passages lead to the foot of the mount.
Some passages point to anti-semitism, some to positive jewish sentiment.
Some passages raise more questions than they answer.
Some passages read like a handbook for the modern cowboy.
Some passages reveal blatant religious prejudice and anthropocentrism.
Some passages ring out as rhythmic, wry, intense as haggadot.
Some passages show different levels of punishment.
Some passages suggest a conscious intermediate state, and others an unconscious state.
A passageway is passage
Passageway isa artifact.
Passageways allow for emigration.
Passageways allow for immigration emigration.
Passageways are intimate, doors are hung with heavy drapes, stairs are narrow and shadowed.
Passageways are large enough for a wheelchair and personal assistance available.
Passageways are large enough to accommodate a wheelchair and normal traffic.
Passageways are located in airports.
Passageways are located in buildings.
Passageways are located in castles.
Passageways are located in caves.
Passageways are located in dungeons.
Passageways are located in hotels.
Passageways are located in houses.
Passageways are located in jungle.
Passageways are located in mazes.
Passageways are made of space.
Passageways are passage.
Passageways are so narrow that men have to squeeze by each other dozens of times a day.
Passageways are used by people.
Passageways are used for travel.
Passageways are used for traversings.
Passageways are used for walks.
Passageways are well maintained but often slippery.
Passageways have (part) readsides.
Passageways have (part) sections.
Passageways have doors.
Passageways lead from mouths.
All passageways radiate from the kitchen.
Most passageways allow for emigration.
Most passageways allow for immigration emigration.
Most passageways are used by people.
Most passageways lead from mouths.
Some passageways extend from bronchi.
Some passageways lead from pharynxs.
Some passageways lead to cavities.
Some passageways lead to lungs.
Some passageways lead to nest cavities.
Some passageways lead to small cavities.
Some passageways move air.
Passalid adults live in well decayed logs and stumps with their larvae and subsocial family groups.
Passamaquoddy artists are known for their basketweaving and beadwork .
Many Passamaquoddy children like to go hunting and fishing with their fathers.
Passbook interest is based on ledger balances and is paid quarterly.
A passbook is a record
Passbook accounts vs. statements .
Passed balls are possible whenever one or more runners are on base.
Passed integers are ok.
Some passenger airlines offer cargo shipping, as well as many companies that fly cargo exclusively.
Passenger airplanes carry air cargo.
Passenger airplanes carry cargo.
Most passenger airplanes carry air cargo.
Most passenger airplanes carry cargo.
Passenger boats ply the Niger River when it is high , going to Timbuktu and beyond.
A passenger car is a car
Passenger cars are cars.
Passenger cars can easily drive on the northern portion of the beach.
Passenger cars can get into the refuge, but the roads are undeveloped.
Passenger cars can probably get here when it's dry.
Passenger cars can reach the trailhead so long as the road is dry.
Passenger cars dominate Asian demand.
Passenger cars have a preset a brake balance.
Passenger cars pay only the minimum.
Most passenger cars are pretty good buys because so many consumers are interested in trucks.
Passenger coaches have forward facing seats and are constructed of steel and aluminum.
Passenger ferries are unique in the system.
Passenger ferries fall under their umbrella.
Passenger flights arrive all day long in the summer time.
Passenger kilometres relate to revenue passengers only.
Passenger liners can abide five to twelve cars easily.
Passenger list is optional.
Passenger lists are available in some of the individual country archives.
Passenger lists are the most complete record of British migration, but give only basic details.
Passenger lists are typically the only actual records available of immigrant trips to America.
Passenger lists can provide such details as an immigrant's native place, religion and family.
Many passenger lists are here.
Some passenger lists are either incomplete or missing entirely.
Some passenger lists are meticulous in listing names, ages and family relationships.
Passenger miles are the cumulative sum of the distances ridden on passenger trips.
A passenger pigeon is a pigeon
Passenger pigeons are extinct.
Passenger pigeons live in colonies.
Passenger pigeons live in enormous colonies.
Most passenger pigeons live in colonies.
Most passenger pigeons live in enormous colonies.
Some passenger pigeons cause damage.
Some passenger pigeons cause serious damage.
Some passenger pigeons eat insects.
Passenger planes can generate power for aircraft systems from waste engine heat, saving fuel.
Passenger rail can reach cities and towns with limited transportation alternatives.
Passenger rail gives people a choice and people are responding.
Passenger rail is available only along certain corridors.
Passenger rail is vital to reducing congestion on our clogged highways.
Passenger railroads require public subsidy and use up tax dollars.
Passenger railways are, however, restricted at present.
Passenger safety grab rail Oil, headlight and turn indicator lights.
Passenger safety is always a captains utmost concern.
Passenger safety is always the captain and crews number one concern.
Passenger safety is at stake.
Passenger safety is of utmost importance in the transport sector.
Passenger safety is our number one priority.
Passenger safety is the driver's main concern.
Passenger safety is the key element in automobile design.
Passenger safety is the priority in dealing with such incidents.
Passenger seat has no armrest.
Passenger seat is pushed back as far as possible.
Passenger service continues south of North Bay on Canadian National tracks, to Toronto.
Passenger service continues to draw riders from all over the U.S. and Canada.
Passenger service expands to Frankfurt and Dublin.
Passenger service extends westward and northward.
Passenger service is also available in Hastings, Nebraska.
Passenger service is available on five airlines.
Passenger service is limited in winter.
Passenger service is planned for the near future.
Passenger service is provided by scheduled and charter airlines.
Passenger services are even simpler than freight runs.
A passenger ship is a ship
Passenger ship is the only other way to get there.
Passenger ships are ships.
Passenger ships operate between North Korea and Japan.
Passenger side is for floor area in front of tool box opening.
A passenger train is a train
Passenger trains are available but very slow.
Passenger trains are often off schedule.
Passenger trains are trains.
Passenger trains are usually very comfortable way of travelling .
Passenger trains are usually very comfortable way of travelling.
Passenger trains arrive and depart alongside the steamers, and luggage is transferred free.
Passenger trains arrive and depart from the western end.
Passenger trains carry people and baggage.
Passenger trains connect to destinations throughout Russia and Europe.
Passenger trains dominate the scene and all are very good models of the prototype.
Passenger trains get priority.
Passenger trains have an impact on cadets as well.
Passenger trains link Oakland with other cities in the United States.
Passenger trains link the metropolitan area to other cities.
Passenger trains stop at the Edmonton railway station three days a week in both directions.
Passenger trains stopping are but a memory.
Passenger trains work much the same.
All passenger trains are normally steam-hauled, with the diesels are used for works trains only.
All passenger trains are superior to freight trains.
Some passenger trains carry people much longer distances.
Passenger transport is also the essence of tourism , a major part of recreational transport.
Passenger transport is restricted almost entirely to road haulage.
Passenger transportation is two-thirds of all transportation in Canada.
A passenger vehicle is public transport
Passenger vehicles account for twenty percent of the nation s smog-forming pollution.
Passenger vehicles are no longer welcome in Zion during the summer.
Passenger vehicles are the primary mode of transportation.
Passenger vehicles have engines.
Most passenger vehicles can reach the trailhead, unless the road is wet.
Most passenger vehicles have engines.
Some passenger vehicles have a traveling hotspot for their customers.
Passenger vessel means a vessel that carries passengers for hire.
Passenger vessels operating from U.S. ports are among the safest modes of transportation available.
A passenger is a traveler
Passenger aim around little timberwolf sleeping bags.
Passenger attempts to take control of jetliner.
Passenger can get off anywhere in Perth City.
Passenger carrying in any respect of aviation is a two-part equation.
Passenger catches on fire and explodes.
Passenger connects to some temper however varies asian teenagers.
Passenger connects to some temper however varies message board free.
Passenger connects to some temper however varies teenager channels.
Passenger cruises around the lake.
Passenger drop off area at south west entrance including paved space in front and entrance.
Passenger has sufficient money to purchase ticket.
Passenger is blind.
Passenger is no exception.
Passenger is to go through security screening at specific channel.
Passenger isa traveler.
Passenger isa traveller.
Passenger lists for emigrants leaving Ireland are practically non-existent.
Passenger lists for emigrants.
Passenger lists for most large United States ports .
Passenger lists for most large United States ports.
Passenger lists for the 'Atlas'.
Passenger makes car phone call.
Passenger only vessels.
Passenger pick up is outside the Baggage Claim area.
Passenger requests an airline reservation.
Passenger screening company faces fine .
Passenger selects the number of zones to be traveled.
Passenger starts to get out of the cab.
Passenger suggest East at group down the seahawks memorabilia either lift of no subject.
Passenger then check into hotels and later enjoy a farewell dinner at a local restaurant.
Passenger tokens yields a similar bonus.
Passenger trains no longer rumble past, alerting the hotel staff to their tasks.
Passenger varies throughout some temper however see teen chat connection.
Passenger varies throughout some temper however see teen chat sites.
Passenger varies throughout some temper however see teenagers today.
Passenger warn out little timberwolf sleeping bags.
Passengers agree that it is one of the most exciting yet relaxing experiences.
Passengers alighting between stage points pay the appropriate fare to the next stage point.
Passengers alighting here can take the metro into town.
Passengers also care about delays.
Passengers also comment on the reduced stress and increased productivity that vanpooling allows.
Passengers also have opportunities to learn sailing basics.
Passengers also have the option of arriving early at the port of departure to explore that area.
Passengers also provide a customer base for new commercial uses in the area.
Passengers appear on the printed lists in the order of appearance on the original lists.
Passengers appreciate the wrap-around windows and great visibility for wildlife and glacier viewing.
Passengers are able to break the journey between coach travel and train travel.
Passengers are able to create customized flight itineraries within Europe.
Passengers are accountable for checking all luggage and items into and out of vans.
Passengers are also able to fire their weapons through ports in hull side or from roof hatches.
Passengers are also responsible for any tolls incurred.
Passengers are also responsible for providing back-up equipment.
Passengers are also subject to a metal detector test.
Passengers are also targets.
Passengers are always free to bring their own favourite fishing gear, lures etc.
Passengers are always keen to learn about the factual position of the running of trains.
Passengers are always responsible for meals and items of a personal nature.
Passengers are amused, as the animal seems quite friendly.
Passengers are angry and frustrated.
Passengers are at most risk when boarding trains.
Passengers are comfortable and their experience is more private than on larger commercial balloons.
Passengers are critically important, too.
Passengers are exempt from paying the park entry fee.
Passengers are for liberals.
Passengers are free to ask each other for help to the next destination.
Passengers are free to dine at their leisure as there is no assigned seating times or tables.
Passengers are free to move around the train.
Passengers are free to spend times in the city as they please.
Passengers are furious over delays and overcrowding.
Passengers are furious.
Passengers are held at secret locations in the capital city , Amman .
Passengers are held at secret locations in the capital city, Amman.
Passengers are horrified.
Passengers are international in origin.
Passengers are killed by animals.
Passengers are likely to get screened.
Passengers are limited to a maximum four shopping bags or parcels.
Passengers are limited to one carry-on bag and one personal article such as a purse or a briefcase.
Passengers are limited to the number of seat belts in the vehicle.
Passengers are located in airports.
Passengers are located in bus stops.
Passengers are located in cars.
Passengers are located in train stations.
Passengers are located in vehicles.
Passengers are mostly American, European and Asian.
Passengers are mostly European, but there are shore excursions with English-speaking guides.
Passengers are mostly European.
Passengers are mostly Swiss and German, who dress in suits and cocktail dresses for dinner.
Passengers are on a tight schedule and unreliable transportation companies can jeopardize business.
Passengers are people.
Passengers are responsible for cleaning boats before return.
Passengers are responsible for ensuring that they have the proper travel documents.
Passengers are responsible for getting any luggage on or off the mini- coach.
Passengers are responsible for handling their own luggage.
Passengers are responsible for honoring their reservations.
Passengers are responsible for loading or unloading their own bicycles.
Passengers are responsible for locating and boarding the shuttle.
Passengers are responsible for opening doors either to enter or exit.
Passengers are responsible for paying the taxicab fare.
Passengers are responsible for proper proof of citizenship.
Passengers are responsible for providing frequent flyer information upon check-in.
Passengers are responsible for the care and handling of their own luggage while at the airport.
Passengers are responsible for the handling and safety of their luggage.
Passengers are responsible for the passenger facility charges and segment for the free ticket.
Passengers are responsible for their own bikes.
Passengers are responsible for their own comfort on board.
Passengers are responsible for their own health.
Passengers are responsible for their own luggage and bicycle.
Passengers are responsible for their own protection.
Passengers are responsible for verifying their own departure times.
Passengers are singles, couples, families, all ages.
Passengers are solely responsible for safety of their camera equipment.
Passengers are subject to all limitations liabilities and tariffs of the airlines.
Passengers are testy.
Passengers are to board once the gondola is standing upright and nearly ready to lift off.
Passengers are to keep the noise on the vehicle to an audible level.
Passengers are to refer to the separate Guaranteed Ride Home forms for additional information.
Passengers are to wear seat belts.
Passengers are to wear their seatbelts at all times.
Passengers are travelers.
Passengers are under the authority of the bus driver.
Passengers are understandably upset about the delays.
Passengers are usually at the stop.
Passengers are welcome space permitting.
Passengers are welcome to bring a picnic dinner.
Passengers are welcome to move about the boat from cabin-top to cockpit or into the cabin.
Passengers are welcome to move through the train except where otherwise posted.
Passengers are welcome to take their meal and enjoy it poolside.
Passengers aren t the only ones loving RJs.
Passengers arrive at the gate, are handed a set of tools and a manual and a seat to install.
Passengers arrive at the same gate they did before construction.
Passengers arrive in Calgary independently.
Passengers arriving at railway stations is an example.
Passengers arriving by car can take advantage of short and long stay parking.
Passengers ask attendants.
Passengers ask flight attendants.
Passengers assist in securing and removing their motorcycles.
Passengers assume all responsibility for carrying proper documentation.
Passengers assume all responsibility for obtaining valid passports.
Passengers attend a mandatory safety briefing and instructions on procedures.
Passengers avoid breathing in too deeply, despite the assurance that they, unlike any stowaway . . .
Passengers be able to inspect the safety records of airlines.
Passengers become dining car pros by dinner time of the first day and most enjoy every minute of it.
Passengers become frustrated as they scurry up and down the aisle looking for an open bin.
Passengers begin shuffling around deck.
Passengers begin to deplane.
Passengers begin to drift away back to their cabins.
Passengers begin to move back to the stern area.
Passengers begin to pack.
Passengers benefit by obtaining rapid and accurate information.
Passengers benefit from dual zone climate controls with rear fan.
Passengers benefit from extra legroom.
Passengers benefit from minimal waiting time and easy flight access.
Passengers board planes.
Passengers board six-person vehicles and are subjected to the rigorous process of testing new cars.
Passengers board six-person vehicles and are subjected to the rigorous testing process of new cars.
Passengers board the bus by an open platform at the rear.
Passengers board the bus.
Passengers board the ship.
Passengers board the vehicle curbside and alight at a predetermined curb.
Passengers bring their own lunch.
Passengers buy their ticket before they get on the bus and board through all doors.
Passengers call in several hours in advance to schedule their rides for the day.
Passengers call the airlines directly.
Passengers can access the Internet while riding using a laptop computer and a wireless modem.
Passengers can also enjoy a gymnasium and small indoor swimming pool.
Passengers can also enjoy the outdoor swimming pool.
Passengers can also enter to win bus passes good for a month of free rides.
Passengers can also exercise in their seats.
Passengers can also help the crew sail, if they desire.
Passengers can also learn to scuba dive and snorkel on board.
Passengers can also make claims against the insurance company for their spouse or other relatives.
Passengers can also play a number of interactive video games.
Passengers can also plug in their laptops in their rooms.
Passengers can also pull up news, a movie, or other information.
Passengers can also rent beach equipment.
Passengers can also take trips to Asia, South America, even Africa on some lines.
Passengers can also travel from Adelaide or Sydney on the Indian Pacific.
Passengers can also use their mobile phones.
Passengers can always decline a ride.
Passengers can and do vary from ship to ship and cruise line to cruise line.
Passengers can be any age.
Passengers can be other people or stuffed toys.
Passengers can begin to see the trees change as the train ascends the lengthy grade.
Passengers can board an LRV without passing through turnstile or ticket barrier.
Passengers can board and reboard at any stop.
Passengers can board the ship, hoist sails, raise the anchor, seep the deck or steer the ship.
Passengers can book a seat reservation for the express services.
Passengers can bring headphones if they wish.
Passengers can bring lunch or enjoy a snack from the full bar aboard.
Passengers can bring lunch or enjoy a snack from the full bar onboard.
Passengers can buy tickets at the airport right before they get on the plane.
Passengers can call to request a trip within the service's territory.
Passengers can cause distractions and create peer pressure to participate in risky behavior.
Passengers can check e-mail or surf the Internet.
Passengers can check e-mail, receive faxes and uplink data from the office.
Passengers can choose from four ships offering three itineraries.
Passengers can choose from various tour options covering various parts of the island.
Passengers can choose the full day excursion to Cairo on the first day of the cruise only.
Passengers can choose their dining preference by booking over the telephone.
Passengers can choose their own prime cut from a presentation tray.
Passengers can choose to help sail the boat or simply relax with a glass of champagne.
Passengers can choose to land on the island and spend as long as they wish there.
Passengers can choose to reduce, increase or eliminate the amount if they wish.
Passengers can choose to sit around tables.
Passengers can claim full refund from the counter.
Passengers can collect their boarding passes at the counters.
Passengers can control light and glare without blocking their magnificent views.
Passengers can cruise by boat both ways, or fly either direction.
Passengers can determine that the aircraft's oxygen is low.
Passengers can dine by reservation with no extra charge.
Passengers can eat their food there or carry it back to their seats.
Passengers can either fish or relax on deck.
Passengers can either purchase their travel in sectors or choose from one of our flexible Passes.
Passengers can embark and disembark in any North American port, space permitting.
Passengers can enjoy a full-course buffet and live entertainment as they watch the setting sun.
Passengers can enjoy infotainment systems such as a DVD player and built-in video screens.
Passengers can even start re-arranging their next flight if they are delayed.
Passengers can expect a bus approximately every hour.
Passengers can explore coves and fjords in kayaks.
Passengers can follow the new temporary concourse to the main lobby.
Passengers can freely enjoy all the on-board public areas .
Passengers can freely enjoy all the on-board public areas.
Passengers can get content from the server over a cabin local area network.
Passengers can get off at stops along the route throughout the day.
Passengers can get off the bus at almost any place along the route.
Passengers can get on and off at any stop in the Old City.
Passengers can get on and off at several locations.
Passengers can get out at any point and resume their journey when they're ready to see more.
Passengers can get to major retail centers and area attractions.
Passengers can help by staying awake and talking to the driver.
Passengers can help look for early warning signs of fatigue or switch drivers when needed.
Passengers can help sail the ship or just sit back and enjoy themselves.
Passengers can hoist sail, steer or simply enjoy the sights of Boston harbor.
Passengers can immerse themselves in Chinese history, art, lifestyle and cuisine.
Passengers can indeed ride in comfort.
Passengers can join the crew onboard for a few days or a week.
Passengers can kayak, explore the islands, or snorkel.
Passengers can launch kayaks off the ferry at pre-arranged locations along the route.
Passengers can learn Hawaiian phrases, dance the hula, play a ukulele and more.
Passengers can linger over dinner or dessert without feeling rushed.
Passengers can listen to the latest music, audio books and short-subject programming.
Passengers can make connections faster and easier.
Passengers can make reservations and inquires at local sales offices or agents.
Passengers can move between cars anytime, and every other window is equipped as an emergency exit.
Passengers can now check-in their luggage at the automatic terminals.
Passengers can now enjoy a pleasant flight without having to shout to talk to the flight attendant.
Passengers can now observe live video from the ship's lounge.
Passengers can now select seats from an interactive on-screen seat map when checking in online.
Passengers can now transfer to a waiting motorcoach for a direct connection to Disneyland.
Passengers can now travel in luxury with little idea of where they are going.
Passengers can only hope for the best.
Passengers can operate seat belts and, if installed, shoulder harness.
Passengers can opt for cocktails, dinner and shipboard entertainment on their journey.
Passengers can opt for formal dining or don resort-casual clothing at dinner.
Passengers can pack as much as they can safely carry inside their vehicle.
Passengers can pick their own apples off the trees in season.
Passengers can play multiplayer network PC games, regardless of where they are seated on the flight.
Passengers can play tennis or fish for trout.
Passengers can play video games or watch DVDs, and use the Internet.
Passengers can pool every day or just occasionally.
Passengers can purchase a bicycle box at most bike stores for a minimal charge.
Passengers can purchase flowers directly from the florist's carts or order via room service.
Passengers can purchase tickets from automated vending machines.
Passengers can register by filling out a free passenger application form .
Passengers can rent cars, ride bikes, go horse-back riding or scuba diving.
Passengers can request the conductor for help in finding the correct stop.
Passengers can retrieve and write e-mails, and make phone calls.
Passengers can ride back there without feeling cramped or uncomfortable.
Passengers can ride free on certain local bus routes.
Passengers can see the taximeter.
Passengers can serve to distract the driver.
Passengers can share rides.
Passengers can share the cost.
Passengers can sign up for the cards after boarding the ship by presenting any major credit card.
Passengers can sit and enjoy the view of the rapids.
Passengers can sit back and enjoy the ride, read, catch up on paperwork, or snooze.
Passengers can sit back, relax, and arrive refreshed at the destination.
Passengers can sit relatively comfortable in the removable front seat.
Passengers can smoke at the smoking room in front of the terminal.
Passengers can snorkel or swim directly from the side of the ship.
Passengers can specify routes if they desire.
Passengers can spend the evening in a disco or the more subdued ambience of a nightclub.
Passengers can start using the service today to improve their mobile computing experience.
Passengers can stay connected underground.
Passengers can still fly from Cincinnati to Zurich.
Passengers can still hail a bus at any point on a few eastern Suffolk routes.
Passengers can take a zoom lense for a closer look at a sight.
Passengers can take part in a variety of aerobics classes with great teachers.
Passengers can take seminars, enjoy wine tasting, listen to live music, or watch the nightly shows.
Passengers can take their cars on board too if they wish.
Passengers can talk easily and rest when they want to.
Passengers can tour the town directly from the port on a little train.
Passengers can travel on domestic and selected regional routes.
Passengers can use octopus tickets.
Passengers can usually go into the town at each stop.
Passengers can vary from ship to ship and cruise to cruise.
Passengers can view DVD movies on screens built in the seatbacks.
Passengers can view the wonders through large viewing portholes.
Passengers can visit a sunny, genuine Mediterranean town.
Passengers can wait at the Ground Transportation Waiting Areas .
Passengers can wait inside the station until the bus arrives.
Passengers can walk around the entire ship on the main deck.
Passengers can walk from side to side without seriously affecting the boat.
Passengers can walk from the bow aft to the engine room by way of the passageway to starboard.
Passengers can walk through customs expecting courtesy, fairness and consideration.
Passengers can watch a video, play video games, plug in a camcorder or listen to music.
Passengers can watch a Wild West skit at the depot before their departure.
Passengers can watch movies, play video games or listen to CDs.
Passengers can watch whales and learn more about the mammals in lectures and slide shows on board.
Passengers can work out in the gymnasium, relax in the extensive health facilities.
Passengers care for their own cabins.
Passengers celebrate a safe landing.
Passengers choose their own seats, based on when they arrive at the gate.
Passengers claim that it is the ultimate high and they are often eager to repeat the experience.
Passengers come on drinking sodas.
Passengers come to the chocolate buffet just to take photos of the display.
Passengers communicate via mobiles.
Passengers connect in Chicago with other trains, and equipment runs through.
Passengers connect their laptop to the server via seat-back data ports.
Passengers continue to make reservations.
Passengers contribute monthly to the actual cost of operating the van.
Passengers contribute to a food kitty that covers the majority of meals.
Passengers control heat or air conditioning levels.
Passengers control the right to a smoke free cab ride.
Passengers credit the pilot for being cool under fire.
Passengers cross through the greenery on elevated walkways leading to several docking areas.
Passengers crowd the rails and camera shutters click.
Passengers decide with whom they wish to dine or if they prefer to dine alone.
Passengers demand better ticketing, more punctual services, better baggage handling.
Passengers demand quality food and service.
Passengers depart from the park's main office at the specified times.
Passengers deplane via a rolling staircase and walk to the terminal.
Passengers describe it like a trip to a foreign planet.
Passengers deserve a break.
Passengers deserve to have that information so that they can make their own choices.
Passengers discover caribou antlers on tundra.
Passengers disembark to wonder at the world.
Passengers disembarking can stay undercover until they leave the sea terminal.
Passengers display behavior.
Passengers display disruptive behavior.
Passengers dive straight toward the ground and through eight exhilarating inversions.
Passengers diving alone are subject to the day's program.
Passengers don t pay until they re on the ship.
Passengers eat luch and dinner in town.
Passengers embark and disembark at designated stops, which they pay to enter.
Passengers enjoy a different view of the spectacular mountain landscape.
Passengers enjoy better service as a result.
Passengers enjoy comfortable seating in a climate-controlled cabin with restroom.
Passengers enjoy the convenience of concourses, jet bridges and an upgraded interior.
Passengers enjoy the convenience of electronic access to airlines.
Passengers enjoy the difference.
Passengers enjoy the good view out, fairly decent seats, and in the rear, exceptional legroom.
Passengers enjoy the waters of the Pacific Ocean for approximately one hour.
Passengers enjoy their ekiben lunches as the train rolls along.
Passengers enter at a marble-floored foyer with a domed ceiling.
Passengers enter on two decks, on one level descending a pair of curved staircases.
Passengers enter the back door on the left side, which the driver opens and closes automatically.
Passengers enter the interior aft via the vehicle deck stairs or the terminal gangway.
Passengers enter the launches from a stable platform on the side of each riverboat.
Passengers enter the temporary baggage claim from outside, beneath a temporary canopy.
Passengers expect good performance across the whole rail network.
Passengers expect stations to be safe.
Passengers expect to be riding through a zoo.
Passengers face each other down a central aisle with their knees interlocked.
Passengers face each other, like they do on the New York subway.
Passengers feel a strong lateral jerk each time the vehicle passes one.
Passengers feel that the jet powered aircraft is more modern and sophisticated and therefore safer.
Passengers feel they are packed like sardines in a can.
Passengers flock here during the day to soak up sun, pore over novels or watch the sails unfurl.
Passengers fly in noiseless luxury with every imaginable perk, except movies.
Passengers generally add a tip or gratuity to the fare.
Passengers generally eat the same meals as the officers.
Passengers generally travel with their vehicles.
Passengers get a few more inches of both leg- and headroom.
Passengers get a taste of first-hand adventure, while enjoying all the creature comforts.
Passengers get in and out.
Passengers get off.
Passengers get on.
Passengers get royal treatment on comfortable seats and in ease of walk around.
Passengers get to know their ship as intimately as the ship's company gets to know one another.
Passengers give little notice to the intricacies of an airport's runways.
Passengers give their account of the accident.
Passengers give up such frills as hot meals, but seem to gain in punctuality.
Passengers glide over water and land to discover an exotic world that is hauntingly beautiful .
Passengers glide over water and land to discover an exotic world that is hauntingly beautiful.
Passengers go ashore in a dinghy.
Passengers go home starry-eyed.
Passengers go on board evening previous to sailing.
Passengers grip the handrails like the metal bars of a roller coaster.
Passengers have (part) arms.
Passengers have (part) body substances.
Passengers have (part) cell membranes.
Passengers have (part) cells.
Passengers have (part) corpi.
Passengers have (part) cytoplasm.
Passengers have (part) heads.
Passengers have (part) human bodies.
Passengers have (part) legs.
Passengers have (part) material bodies.
Passengers have (part) necks.
Passengers have (part) nuclei.
Passengers have (part) personality.
Passengers have (part) plasma membranes.
Passengers have (part) sections.
Passengers have (part) vacuoles.
Passengers have a choice of four voyages, each of which lasts one or two nights.
Passengers have a limited amount of time at each port to sightsee.
Passengers have a right to feel they are making informed decisions about how to travel.
Passengers have a role to play, too.
Passengers have a stronger and more effective voice.
Passengers have breakfast in the last evening's restaurant.
Passengers have bridge access during the cruising portion of the day.
Passengers have concern.
Passengers have individual reading lights and air ventilators.
Passengers have no choice of assigned drivers.
Passengers have no limit on the number and type of classes they can sign up for.
Passengers have other transit options on holidays, as well.
Passengers have plenty of options with their wireless headphones.
Passengers have separate climate controls to govern temperature.
Passengers have several choices.
Passengers have several parking options at the airport.
Passengers have symptoms.
Passengers have the opportunity to purchase wine at reduced rates.
Passengers have the opportunity to tour all of the vessels.
Passengers have the option of buying the catch, with prices varying with the market.
Passengers have the right to be treated with courtesy by Drivers.
Passengers have the right to know when and why their flights are delayed.
Passengers have their own butler and dine on oysters, crayfish and game.
Passengers have to bargain the fare before getting on.
Passengers have to change.
Passengers have to complete the dates of travel prior to boarding the train.
Passengers have to fill in the dates of travel prior to boarding the train.
Passengers have to get down from their vehicles and soldiers go through the bags and baggage.
Passengers have to wriggle through narrow doors and over the back wheels to get in.
Passengers have window seats and headsets.
Passengers hop on and off at the prime sites.
Passengers including tourists can reach the district by rail , bus and taxis.
Passengers joining at Greenwich pay a supplement for the cruise.
Passengers joning at Greenwich pay a supplement for the cruise.
Passengers just flip the seats over at the end of the line.
Passengers like to see staff, but are aware of the financial constraints that operators work in.
Passengers listen to the pilot's narration and music on stereo headphones.
Passengers look for clues and landmarks and fill in the answers on the test form.
Passengers look up from their papers and books.
Passengers love to travel in clean and shinny aeroplanes.
Passengers lurch down corridors, finding themselves pressed against passers-by.
Passengers make own arrangements for transfer.
Passengers make their own entertainment except for one night when a local band came on board.
Passengers marvel at our craftiness.
Passengers meet over coffee in the morning, tea in the afternoon and cocktails in the evening.
Passengers never say 'no' to an upgrade.
Passengers normally observe other marine life such as seabirds and harbor porpoise.
Passengers normally take the lead, reminding fellow passengers that use of cell phones is forbidden.
Passengers now can take dinner any time they want.
Passengers now enjoy leg rests, movable head supports, and additional recline space.
Passengers only pay.
Passengers participate in solving a mystery on board.
Passengers pay a modest monthly fee to cover fuel and routine expenses.
Passengers pay any road or bridge tolls.
Passengers pay at the entrance to the tube.
Passengers pay extra, too.
Passengers pay only a part of the operating costs.
Passengers pay the driver during the trip.
Passengers pay their fares, enter through one end of the tube, and exit from the other end.
Passengers pay with smart-cards.
Passengers pitch their own tents - they're a pushover to sort out, set up and pack up.
Passengers prepare to board as the train pulls into the station.
Passengers radiate body heat and exhale carbon dioxide.
Passengers rap twice on the ceiling to signal a stop at the next intersection, house or driveway.
Passengers reach the upper level by stairways that connect to the intermediate level.
Passengers read, relax, sleep and enjoy the ride.
Passengers receive a receipt with a code number on it.
Passengers receive a receipt with a code number to be used to open the locker.
Passengers register for the system by taking digital pictures of their eyes at an airport lounge.
Passengers relax in the luxury of comfortable bucket-type seats with back rests.
Passengers relax on deck-chairs.
Passengers remain in seats.
Passengers remain upright in their seats even when rounding curves at advanced speeds.
Passengers remarkably calm.
Passengers report the pillion becomes uncomfortable after half an hour or so.
Passengers require access to a wide range of information at each stage in the travel process.
Passengers ride between the two front wheels for maximum side-intrusion protection.
Passengers ride in fold-out seats along the outside walls of the plane's interior.
Passengers ride in leather-covered seats.
Passengers ride in the back cargo class.
Passengers ride in their RV No diners.
Passengers ride in well-preserved Victorian coaches or roofed gondolas.
Passengers ride inside the heavy-duty steel frame, rather than on top of the vehicle.
Passengers ride on the seat up front.
Passengers ride three across in open-window vintage coaches.
Passengers rightly demand better services and more accountability from train operators.
Passengers rightly demand better services and more accountability.
Passengers risk blood clots from sitting in cramped positions on long flights.
Passengers sailing in suites receive a complimentary pass for one evening.
Passengers save on bus fare and get a quick ride downtown.
Passengers say that the deep-cushioned reclining chairs are the most comfortable on any vehicle.
Passengers say they can see the added measures.
Passengers say they find the trip pleasant.
Passengers say they knew something was wrong when they heard a loud popping sound.
Passengers scramble for bags.
Passengers scramble off the plane.
Passengers scream as the boat pitches and rolls on steep waves, but the chance for harm is minimal.
Passengers seek economical fares that include as many services as possible.
Passengers seem to want to treat the other passenger like a criminal.
Passengers share bathroom facilities and outdoor deck shower.
Passengers share facilities with the crew.
Passengers share the bus with others traveling in the same general direction.
Passengers share the cost of operationg the van by paying an equitable monthly fare.
Passengers share the expenses of the van.
Passengers share the officer's dining room and lounge.
Passengers shop and explore in small towns along the rivers and canals.
Passengers sigh as the captain guns the engines and circles around for another try.
Passengers simply live on the cargo.
Passengers simply show their train pass to the bus operators when they board the bus.
Passengers sit at the gates, anxiously.
Passengers sit in a Beijing subway train as it passes a Web advertisement.
Passengers sit in leather-faced seats with benches front and rear.
Passengers sit in one seat and put their briefcase, etc.
Passengers sit in two comfortable seats facing down-river.
Passengers sit quietly with their hands folded.
Passengers sitting in the rear particularly feel the air system's advantages.
Passengers sitting up front have ample headroom and legroom.
Passengers sleep riverside on sandy beaches in sleeping bags.
Passengers sleep, eat, talk to each other, and the train runs.
Passengers spend a night in Bruges, Belgium.
Passengers spend most time on deck or inside viewing glaciers and wildlife.
Passengers spend the day hiking wildlife trails, snorkeling or kayaking at remote islands.
Passengers spend too much time in the trains.
Passengers standing on the right allow walkers to pass on the left.
Passengers stare in awe as the tour boat leaves a glittering trail.
Passengers state where they want to go and what they want to pay.
Passengers steal puzzled looks at one another.
Passengers still end up paying, with many agents now charging a surcharge.
Passengers still pay for the system through increased fares.
Passengers still walk the corridors of the depot to board their train.
Passengers straddle a bicycle-style seat, with their feet firmly on the platform.
Passengers strongly protest being ejected from the airplane in midflight.
Passengers supply food and beverages.
Passengers survive encounter with the legendary phenomena in the ship's eerie lower decks.
Passengers swim and snorkel in addition to observing wildlife on shore hikes.
Passengers swipe the card through a magnetic stripe system and place their hand on a scanner.
Passengers take home a personalized video of their journey.
Passengers take their seats in high-back black chairs.
Passengers take their turns mushing on a sled supervised by experienced drivers.
Passengers tend to be couples taking the trip along with another couple, two couples to a car.
Passengers tend to be energetic, fun loving and fairly sophisticated without being stuffy.
Passengers tend to be off center in the first place just being at the airport.
Passengers tend to sit with their knees to their chests and the seat back is uncomfortable.
Passengers then answer a series of required security questions, in order to proceed.
Passengers then debark to either fly home or spend additional time in Hawaii.
Passengers then make their own way home from check-in.
Passengers then reboard for the return trip home.
Passengers travel in a renovated historic passenger car with all the old charm recreated.
Passengers travel in comfort.
Passengers travel in groups of four people.
Passengers travel in vintage rail cars that harken back to the hey-day of train travel.
Passengers travel to destinations.
Passengers traveling in outside staterooms enjoy two windows or portholes.
Passengers traveling in outside staterooms have windows or portholes.
Passengers traveling on standby have to pay eighteen cents per kilometer.
Passengers traveling without a valid ticket are subject to citation.
Passengers tumble down the steps dragging their bundles to avoid being trapped aboard.
Passengers turn their heads, too, and look out over the sea of Corona's flat roofs.
Passengers unbuckle seatbelts and exit the aircraft.
Passengers unload at gate.
Passengers use an underground tunnel to walk to the satellite from the main terminal .
Passengers use an underground tunnel to walk to the satellite from the main terminal.
Passengers using other taxis in Mexico City face a greater risk of attack and robbery.
Passengers vary from ship to ship and cruise line to cruise line.
Passengers venture into the breeding grounds in small skiffs.
Passengers view coral formations and tropical fish.
Passengers visit villages and towns along the river waterways, including vineyards.
Passengers wait for five seconds expecting some signal that they can now exit the ride.
Passengers wait only moments onboard while inbound processing is completed.
Passengers walk out onto the tarmac and climb stairs to board - even in the wind and the rain.
Passengers walk, jog or bicycle along the canal path.
Passengers wander around the museum for a while, then line up to take a ride in a safari car.
Passengers watch in amazement as they seem to coast uphill without any power.
Passengers wave at passers by.
Passengers wear headphones to muffle the sound.
Passengers wear shirts.
Passengers write their initials on a dollar bill and put it into the bag.
Passengers always make it back on board before supper time.
Passengers frequently change planes there when going to the Pacific-side community.
Passengers often book a flight but fail to appear when the flight is ready to depart.
Passengers often comment on the reduced stress and increased productivity that vanpooling allows.
Passengers often plead to be brought closer.
Passengers often report that cruise ship staterooms are about the size of a can of olives.
Passengers sometimes have to step over seat mates to reach the doors.
Passengers sometimes ring for a stop too soon, causing false stops.
Passengers usually allow three hours for pre-departure security and other processing at the airport.
Passengers usually eat the same meals as the officers.
Passengers usually find their bags waiting once they come out of immigration.
Passengers usually get a free meal, some drinks and a bag with gifts in like a toothbrush.
Passengers usually ride in the back unless there are too many to squeeze in.
All passengers are from Germany and are coming to the United States.
All passengers are from the same country.
All passengers are in private sleeper accommodation.
All passengers are okay.
All passengers are to familiarize themselves with the contents.
All passengers are to remain seated while the bus is in motion.
All passengers believe the got there.
All passengers believe they got there.
All passengers benefit from improved head room, courtesy of the higher roof arch.
All passengers can use our Telephone check-in facility for UK departures.
All passengers check-in with their balloon company's flight attendant.
All passengers check-in with their flight attendant and are escorted to their balloon launch area.
All passengers enter the train station, which has been beautifully restored and appointed inside.
All passengers get on to the boat deck.
All passengers have occupation listed as farmer therefore that column has been eliminated.
All passengers intend to become inhabitants of the United States so that column was omitted.
All passengers intend to become inhabitants of the United States.
All passengers listed are male.
All passengers pay port charges and taxes.
All passengers pay port charges.
All passengers rate the smooth ride, the spaciousness and the quietness of the vehicle very highly.
All passengers stay at the same first class hotels for land arrangements.
All passengers walk away.
Every passenger also has a laptop computer power supply and a telephone.
Every passenger gets the royal treatment on a ship, no extra charge.
Every passenger has a laptop computer power supply and a telephone.
Every passenger has a large window and stereo headset.
Every passenger has a window seat to give an excellent panoramic view.
Every passenger has the right to recline their seat.
Every passenger is delighted after their first encounter with dolphins.
Every passenger is given a window seat to enjoy the spectacular views.
Every passenger is guaranteed a window seat.
Every passenger is responsable for their documents to be completed and in order.
Every passenger takes care of their hand luggage on the train.
Many passengers are agog.
Many passengers are anxious about the security checkpoint.
Many passengers are expatriate teachers, working in Saudi Arabia but with families elsewhere.
Many passengers are of Xinjiang ethical dressing.
Many passengers are seniors and a multitude of activities are geared toward their likes.
Many passengers become ill with motion sickness.
Many passengers enjoy spending time and relaxing in the museum when on shore.
Many passengers nowadays are very health conscious.
Many passengers remain in U.S. prisons.
Many passengers seasick and invisible.
Many passengers simply ride out rudeness or try to see the humor in it.
Many passengers sleep in the lounges or camp on the aft deck.
Many passengers still refuse to believe it.
Many passengers tip anyway for outstanding service or special favors.
Many passengers try to avoid problems with airline baggage handling by carrying on their luggage.
Many passengers use multiple airlines during a single trip.
Many passengers walk around the ferry, often doing a couple circuits to take it all in.
More passengers mean more money.
More passengers means greater savings.
Most passengers are Australian.
Most passengers are killed by animals.
Most passengers are natives and there are many children.
Most passengers are Swedish, with some from the U.S., Germany, Denmark, Switzerland and Australia.
Most passengers ask attendants.
Most passengers ask flight attendants.
Most passengers choose their airline based on the quality of service received.
Most passengers display behavior.
Most passengers display disruptive behavior.
Most passengers do tip, and the amount of the gratuity is up to the guest.
Most passengers enjoy walking on the sandbar, sometimes for the first time ever.
Most passengers have concern.
Most passengers pay no attention to the seat belts, for one thing.
Most passengers prefer to put their bags overhead so they can have more legroom.
Most passengers remain in seats.
Most passengers speak French.
Most passengers stop talking and check their phones.
Most passengers travel to destinations.
Most passengers travelling to other Caribbean islands usually make their connection in Barbados.
Most passengers view carry-on baggage as a convenience.
Most passengers wear shirts.
Some passengers actually reach their destinations.
Some passengers are in critical condition.
Some passengers become abusive, one or two violent.
Some passengers die after planes.
Some passengers enter stations.
Some passengers even ride for free on the carriage roofs.
Some passengers experience true weightlessness.
Some passengers experience weightlessness.
Some passengers get beers.
Some passengers grab for binoculars or cameras, while others put faces to windows.
Some passengers keep returning to the long voyages.
Some passengers kill time in terminals by drinking in airport bars.
Some passengers lose life.
Some passengers love being involved - others prefer to observe.
Some passengers love small ships, others love large ones.
Some passengers love the destinations, and others love staying on board.
Some passengers make markets.
Some passengers make single markets.
Some passengers perceive shields to be an uncomfortable inconvenience.
Some passengers possess lice.
Some passengers prefer to stay on the ship.
Some passengers pull blankets over their heads.
Some passengers result in death.
Some passengers say they welcome the TVs.
Some passengers seem to have resigned themselves to the inevitable.
Some passengers suffer from altitude sickness.
Some passengers suffer injuries.
Some passengers suffer minor injuries.
Some passengers sustain injuries.
Some passengers sustain minor injuries.
Some passengers take pictures.
Some passengers tend to leave all etiquette behind when it comes to waiting in line.
Some passengers wear belts.
Some passengers wear seat belts.
All passengerial eyes turn towards the commotion.
A passer is a person
Passer means that it is a passerine or a perching bird.
Passer passes a third or second tempo pass to the setter.
Passer throws ball and while it is in the air yells turn.
Passers are people.
Passers are students.
Passers form a line in the left corner of the court.
Passers form a line in the left corner of their court.
Passers get to ski again.
Passers pass the ball up to the net in a whittle position.
Passers work on passing, and goalies learn to block shots coming from a moving shooter.
Passerine birds have a BMR higher than other birds and mammals.
Many Passerine birds sing or chirp attractively.
Passerine migration is essentially over and shorebird migration is well past peak.
Passerine migration is in full swing.
Passerine migration is slow, with most of the summer residents still present.
Passerine species continue to arrive good numbers.
A passerine is a bird
Passerines are birds.
Passerines are potential indicators of stress.
Passerines are the most highly evolved of all birds, and are highly adaptive to terrestrial terrain.
Passerines can be terrestrial, aerial, or arboreal.
Passerines increasingly command attention.
Passerines provide interesting bird-watching in savannas.
Passerines seem to prefer the Banding Area's oak grove.
All passerines have four toes on each foot.
Many passerines seek out taurine-rich spiders to feed their young, particularly just after hatching.
Most passerines are omnivorous , while the shrikes are carnivorous .
Most passerines are relatively small and there is a basic similarity of shape throughout the group.
Most passerines are smaller than typical members of other avian orders.
Passic fireman makes the ultimate sacrifice .
Every passing hour can be crucial.
Most passing mistakes occurs because players attempt to pass off-balance.
Every passing year weakens and distorts the memory.
Passing are death.
Passing are ends.
Passing are movement.
Passing are success.
Passion flower plants contain compounds.
Passion flower plants contain psychoactive compounds.
Passion flower blends the crown and sacral chakras.
Passion flower can be especially useful in calming tension related to changing medicinal schedules.
Passion flower has a calming effect.
Passion flower has a mild sedative effect encouraging sleep.
Passion flower has a tranquilizing effect, including mild sedative and antianxiety effects.
Passion flower has disinfectant and diuretic properties.
Passion flower is a potent aphrodisiac.
Passion flower is another famous nervine herb.
Passion flower is another of nature's safe, natural tranquilizers.
Passion flower is used to safely relax hyperactive children.
Passion flower promote anxiolytic and stress- relieving action.
Passion flower promotes anxiolytic and stress-relieving action.
Passion flowers are big, too.
Passion flowers are easy to grow.
Passion flowers are very easy to grow outside or as houseplants in appropriate climates.
Passion flowers grow in areas.
Passion flowers grow in disturb areas.
Passion flowers grow well in disturbed areas such as roadsides, old fields and along fences.
Passion flowers make excellent container grown plants in the home.
Passion flowers require full sun and prefer slightly acidic, well-drained soil.
Most passion flowers grow in areas.
Most passion flowers grow in disturb areas.
Passion fruit vines produce crops.
Passion fruit grows wild as a flimsy vine with a colorful flower and an egg-shaped fruit.
Passion fruit has a pleasant fruit profile with mild acid notes.
Passion fruit is edible fruit
Passion fruit is edible fruit.
Passion fruit is edible, but seedy.
Passion fruit is nutritious, and as part of creation, 'very good'.
Passion fruit is one of the primary ingredients in many commercial tropical punch beverages.
Passion fruit is part of passionflowers.
Passion fruit is sweet and aromatic.
Passion fruit is their favorite.
Passion fruit is, well, passion fruit.
Passion fruit perks up the sauce for the main dish of steamed sea bass.
Passion fruits are cultivated mainly in the Caribbean and in Florida.
Passion vines are good at climbing using their tendrils to wrap around any support.
Passion vines do best when planted in moist, well-drained soil that is moderately fertilized.
Passion vines grow profusely here, perfect daytime hiding places for fawns.
Passion vines produce beautiful, large flowers, that are easy to find once they open.
Passion vines tend to flower more freely when confined.
Some passion vines produce edible fruit.
Some passion vines produce fruit.
A passion is feeling
Passion adds size but allows too much harm.
Passion also inspires our creativity and pulls our true potential into play.
Passion answers the where question.
Passion arises from a shy glance, a flick of a fan.
Passion attracts clients and keeps clients.
Passion beats demographics.
Passion becomes abandon, love turns to hatred.
Passion becomes subsurface .and reflective.
Passion begets more passion, Passion moves and breathes, it flows and ebbs.
Passion brings importance and meaning to our lives.
Passion can also mean just a kiss on the cheek, a touch of the hand, an arm around the shoulder.
Passion can be a bit disdainful of reasonableness and productivity.
Passion can be infectious and inspiration can be infectious.
Passion can be profitable - as resort owners who cater to the honeymoon trade have discovered.
Passion can be the catalyst for making a difference.
Passion can distort the young person's perspective and lead to some unwise choices.
Passion can make a film work.
Passion can range from rapid, loud, high energy to a nearly inaudible, quiet whisper.
Passion can strike at any age.
Passion can take unconventional, but very practical form in entrepreneurial ventures.
Passion can turn into fanaticism.
Passion cares deeply about the work and generates lots of energy.
Passion comes and passion goes.
Passion comes before Prosperity in the dictionary for more than one reason.
Passion comes from the Latin word passio which means suffering.
Passion cools a white hot flame, suddenly grows colder.
Passion creates a Picasso, one who revolutionizes and lives a comfortable life.
Passion creates beauty.
Passion creates obstacles and pain that block what love is about.
Passion demands an audience.
Passion dies and is brought back.
Passion does convince people.
Passion does make a difference and being able to accept rejection.
Passion does make money or at least leads to personal fulfillment and satisfaction.
Passion draws humanity into association just as gravity draws celestial bodies into orbital systems.
Passion drives everything that goes into a successful Web store.
Passion drives people to share and advance their collective knowledge.
Passion drives people to their highest achievements.
Passion emerges when one has the freedom and opportunity to pursue one's dream.
Passion energizes success.
Passion equals two sexual beings joined by intimacy.
Passion erupts here in work that compels and is completely convincing.
Passion feeds passion.
Passion feeds resilience and perseverance.
Passion flows like rivers through the sky.
Passion flows through the aesthetic tensions of texture, color, movement.
Passion goes beyond the sexual realm.
Passion has a breath.
Passion has the power to uplift and inspire.
Passion Have it.
Passion here is key.
Passion Imagine a world free of disease and crime, where one lives practically forever.
Passion involves romance, physical attraction, and sexual consummation.
Passion involves strong feelings and intense emotions.
Passion is a basic natural response.
Passion is a big one.
Passion is a big word.
Passion is a critical part of their pedigree.
Passion is a fragile emotion.
Passion is a gift of the spirit.
Passion is a good thing, they insist.
Passion is a good thing.
Passion is a great and terrible power.
Passion is a hard word to define.
Passion is a joyous compulsion.
Passion is a key emotion for magnetism, charisma, and leadership.
Passion is a key ingredient in the making of every great chef.
Passion is a life force and it translates as affection, sexuality and connectedness.
Passion is a living organism.
Passion is a love story, a tragedy, a comedy, a pageant and, above all, a saga of the soul.
Passion is a motivator.
Passion is a much greater motivation than programs, as are ministry burdens over buildings.
Passion is a part of love.
Passion is a philosophy, a way of life.
Passion is a private habit, and private habits are learned.
Passion is a richly textured word.
Passion is a shared experience of lovers lost in total abandonment to each other . . .
Passion is a sort of depth as is good thinking and creativity.
Passion is a very difficult show to maintain because of the emotional journeys taken by the actors.
Passion is a vital force that fuels our work.
Passion is a wonderful thing.
Passion is abandoned.
Passion is about to find two unlikely partners.
Passion is affection for form.
Passion is all that is other from self.
Passion is also in the air.
Passion is also the key to effective, productive employees and business consultants.
Passion is also the most unstable element and the most difficult to handle.
Passion is always risky.
Passion is an awesome power when directed and controlled.
Passion is an important theme of the play.
Passion is an unusual word that contains opposite meanings.
Passion is another reason audiences come to hear a speaker.
Passion is another very important characteristic of a true leader.
Passion is another word for suffering, and to be married is to suffer the dashing of hope.
Passion is another.
Passion is as well celebrated in the spilled as in the broken.
Passion is awakened, and a fresh vitality is gifted as if from nowhere.
Passion is brilliant.
Passion is clearly what is expressed in someone's exuberance and enthusiasm.
Passion is consumed.
Passion is critical.
Passion is crucial for existence.
Passion is death.
Passion is deeper.
Passion is defined as a dedication or strong desire for some activity, object or concept .
Passion is defined as intense emotional excitement.
Passion is difficult to categorize, difficult to understand, but beautiful to feel and see and hear.
Passion is energy.
Passion is enhanced.
Passion is equally important to fighting workout burnout.
Passion is essential for overcoming the risks of radical innovation.
Passion is essentially a spiritual quality.
Passion is essentially unfair.
Passion is even better.
Passion is everything.
Passion is everywhere appropriate.
Passion is evidence of intelligent interest in the form.
Passion is fine.
Passion is for an end.
Passion is gone.
Passion is good.
Passion is high late tonight.
Passion is important but so is compassion.
Passion is important, whether it's railroads or baseball or fingernail polish.
Passion is in all great searches and is necessary to all creative endeavors.
Passion is in no way inconsistent with empty moors, cold winters, and brown hills.
Passion is in short supply and in high demand by clients and candidates.
Passion is intensified by memory and by deferred longing.
Passion is intrinsic.
Passion is just a side note, an unfortunate reality.
Passion is key to keeping a business strategy moving.
Passion is known for their use of unique and innovative materials and colors.
Passion is life-giving.
Passion is like gunpowder, uncontrolled it's explosive and unmanageable.
Passion is loud, brassy and very uncalming.
Passion is love and desire.
Passion is love.
Passion is more important than talent.
Passion is more than transient feelings and more than energy.
Passion is much harder than legalism.
Passion is much more.
Passion is no ordinary word.
Passion is OK in sports, even wanton abandon.
Passion is on the horizon.
Passion is our strength.
Passion is pacified.
Passion is paid attention to while reason is admired.
Passion is part of it.
Passion is passionate art.
Passion is physical attraction.
Passion is sacrifice and expression.
Passion is shared intense interest.
Passion is so misunderstood or better yet, defined.
Passion is something most people have from time to time - it is merely a matter of harnessing it.
Passion is something that is never bad.
Passion is sparked by pure emotion and pain.
Passion is spontaneous or it is nothing.
Passion is star quality energy.
Passion is still hypothetical.
Passion is still there.
Passion is subjective.
Passion is sweeter split strand by strand.
Passion is the ability to inspire people.
Passion is the basis of art.
Passion is the breaking up of rationality.
Passion is the common currency for coffee lovers.
Passion is the devoted way in which the purpose of our existance is manifested with excellence.
Passion is the discipline.
Passion is the driving force of the story.
Passion is the engine of creativity.
Passion is the essence of entrepreneurship.
Passion is the expression of desires and needs and the longing for union with another.
Passion is the factor that seems essential for all successful spectator sports.
Passion is the fire that burns in the heart.
Passion is the first prerequisite.
Passion is the foundation.
Passion is the fuel that drives all volunteer organizations.
Passion is the fuel that's drives everyone here.
Passion is the joy of getting there.
Passion is the key theme.
Passion is the key to home-based business success.
Passion is the key.
Passion is the most important and least understood ingredient in any business.
Passion is the most important criteria for youth ministry.
Passion is the most important factor in becoming a great designer.
Passion is the name of the game here.
Passion is the name of the game.
Passion is the name of the process.
Passion is the one intangible that separates great leaders from others.
Passion is the operative word for the other piece represented on the disc.
Passion is the passivity of the emotio-intellectual system.
Passion is the prelude to a scarlet horror.
Passion is the soul of a true artist.
Passion is the source of our finest moments.
Passion is the starting point of all good public speaking.
Passion is the stuff that perseverence is made of.
Passion is therefore the first casualty.
Passion is to blame.
Passion is to life what herbs and spices and seasonings are to food.
Passion is too small of a word.
Passion is undeniably helpful for attaining both career success and quality of life.
Passion is very important.
Passion is very tricky stuff, and it deserves some contemplation.
Passion is voluptuous, tumult-like, and makes one sick afterwards.
Passion is what separates winning content from poor content.
Passion is what the program's really all about.
Passion is what writing is all about.
Passion is where it begins.
Passion is wild, imperious and final.
Passion is wild, uncontrolled, unpredictable, permissive, excessive, obsessive.
Passion is work too.
Passion is wrung from content.
Passion is, again, something else.
Passion isa feeling.
Passion knows no age limits.
Passion leads to doing.
Passion leads to persistence, the salesman's advantage.
Passion lives hand in hand with balance.
Passion looks like it's crimson.
Passion lures The secretions of animals also indicate their sexual state.
Passion makes one think in a circle.
Passion makes people grow pumpkins.
Passion makes work fun and easy.
Passion means a lot.
Passion means an unrelenting desire to excel.
Passion means boundless enthusiasm or powerful emotions such as love, anger, joy, pain or sorrow.
Passion means releasing inhibitions and playing from our hearts and bodies.
Passion means that the jury was motivated by feelings or emotions rather than by the evidence.
Passion means yearning, appetite, desire, obsession or craving.
Passion needs careful monitoring to keep it moving in the right direction.
Passion never fits into lives carefully drawn, even if it is the point of the story.
Passion only goes so far, even in the Crosstown Shootout.
Passion only lasts about six months.
Passion ought to yield to justice.
Passion planted with yellow marigolds makes a striking combination.
Passion plays as well as liturgical celebrations stress the conflict leading to victory.
Passion poisons the nature of man, And hatred, illusion, and desire.
Passion provides momentum, involvement, commitment, action.
Passion requires an on-going tension of separation and coming together.
Passion requires the on-going tension of repeatedly separating and coming together.
Passion resides at the center of desire.
Passion Runs an average of five or six miles each day.
Passion slips into plastic precision unnoticed.
Passion soon becomes obsession.
Passion spreads like a virus.
Passion surges from the screen.
Passion surpresses any intellectual discussions.
Passion temporarily banishes tiredness and despair.
Passion tends to subside.
Passion therefore has a valued place.
Passion therefore is the single most important ingredient for greatness.
Passion too is affected by hearing loss.
Passion translates into commitment.
Passion turns to violence.
Passion wins it.
Passion wins out over finances.
Passions also run deep when it comes to the Dutch handling of the world's oldest profession.
Passions also run high on the other side.
Passions are a closed door in the face of purity.
Passions are affection.
Passions are emotion.
Passions are feelings.
Passions are for feeding.
Passions are here so violent that they often lead to crime.
Passions are high.
Passions are morally good when they contribute to a good action, evil in the opposite case.
Passions are rampant in their souls.
Passions are responses to sensory objects.
Passions are sanctified, evil urge is transformed and enlisted in the divine cause.
Passions are sexual desire.
Passions are used for romance.
Passions arise from the appetitive soul and are judged one way or the other by reason.
Passions can be good or bad.
Passions can fade, dreams can become hazed.
Passions cause a desire to work.
Passions consist of conceptualizations.
Passions create energy and enhance life.
Passions do extend The Love to Hermes, Aphrodite the Friend.
Passions drive ideas.
Passions go unchecked.
Passions have their basis in the desire of the flesh.
Passions here are cooler than in the tropical South.
Passions is a one-hour daily soap opera heavily targeted towards teens.
Passions is currently the top-rated soap among female teens.
Passions is definitely in the lead.
Passions is dynamic, too.
Passions keep one more alive, passions make life joyful.
Passions needs more major charcters.
Passions occasionally flare, then subside just as quickly.
Passions pour l'histoire.
Passions rise with the heat and fall with the soft nights.
Passions rule more and more with loss of purpose.
Passions run deep on such issues, which was where the influence of artists came into play.
Passions run deep.
Passions run high and a series of illnesses begin to point to a poisoner amongst the cast.
Passions run high and politics run rampant in Cuban exile communities throughout the Unites Sates.
Passions run high on both sides.
Passions run high on island issues.
Passions run high, and so does desire.
Passions run high.
Passions run strong on both sides.
Passions shape our digital and print literacies.
Passions shape our pedagogies.
Passions shape our technologies.
Passions simmer down to casual wishes.
Passions still run high today.
Passions stir, and tempers can flare.
Passions surface at a Dublin school.
Passions Take a stand.
Passion always takes a particular form, rooted in a community's experience.
Passions sometimes overwhelm reason and ambition sometimes steps on truth.
Passions sometimes run high at a near-Plaza tavern.
Any passion whatsoever is an affront to the general indifference.
Every passion is the passion of a subject that is in potentiality.
Some passions linger a little bit longer.
Passionate abandon meets persistent ambivalence .
Passionate adults debate politely while they work toward consensus.
Passionate collectors seek sugar shakers, also known as muffineers, both in porcelain and glass.
Passionate desires become overwhelming almost instantly.
Passionate determination leads to action.
Passionate effort is made to balance a fun, exciting atmosphere with a seriousness of purpose.
Passionate embraces are for another.
Passionate employees can learn how to promote products without offending potential clients.
Passionate experience justifies almost anything.
Passionate fans flock into the hills to cheer on the cars.
Passionate feeling leads easily to exasperation.
Passionate geniuses repeat.
Passionate hatred can give meaning and purpose to an empty life.
Passionate kiss is like spider - web, it leads to the undoing of the fly.
Passionate lawyers are themselves leaders.
Passionate leaders are able to excite passion in others.
Passionate love is the embodiment of empathy.
Passionate love penetrates all existence.
Passionate marriages can work if they're balanced with respect and caring.
Passionate music demands a fast, deep vibrato.
Passionate people are the most fun to be around because they provide a thrill a minute.
Passionate people become powerful people.
Passionate people create waves of favor.
Passionate people do the work.
Passionate people generate enthusiam.
Passionate people get things done.
Passionate people go for the gusto.
Passionate people like to buy wonderful things, for themselves and hopefully, for others.
Passionate people stay focused on their dreams.
Passionate prayer involves struggle.
Passionate promises are evident in every speech.
Most passionate prose is saved to complain about management on the company's internal mailing list.
Every passionate reader knows such a book, or several such books.
Passionate speakers strike an emotional cord that makes the speaker and the message hard to ignore.
Passionate subjects invite passionate response.
Passionate travelers are avid planners.
A passionflower is a vine
Passionflower grows all over the city.
Passionflower has many beautiful large and aromatic flowers, it grows very quickly.
Passionflower helps soothe and calm nervous tension and anxiety.
Passionflower is a natural tranquilizer that can ease pain for some people.
Passionflower is also a mild sedative and was historically used for anxiety.
Passionflower is edible and medicinal.
Passionflower is given to relieve hyperactivity in children.
Passionflowers are vines.
Some passionflowers are protected exclusively by ants, some exclusively by wasps, some by both.
Passionist fraternity means that everything is held in common.
Passive acceptance is necessary at the level of sensing.
Passive acceptors are potential voters.
Passive adjustments allow for unselfconscious sitting.
Passive agents focus on specific application measurements between defined ports or groups of ports.
Passive agents offer the best information on individual user experiences.
Passive aggression is a coping mechanism of people at odds with someone in a position of authority.
Passive aggression is the best way to solve problems.
Passive angels tend to invest in more deals at a time and usually want a quicker return.
Passive antibodies are given.
Passive antibody blocks effective immunization - window of susceptibility.
Passive appreciation occurs when an asset increases in value without any action by the parties.
Passive articulator See articulation .
Passive atelectasis is the result of a different process.
Passive attenuation refers to providing a physical barrier to the sound waves.
Passive behavior invites being taken advantage of.
Passive cables work fine in almost all situations except when being fed by an active cable.
Passive candidates do visit corporate websites, however.
Passive collectors are completely different from the other two types of collectors.
Passive communication satellites act as a mirror for radio waves.
Passive compliance is non-compliance.
Passive components can attenuate forward or return path signals, making amplification necessary.
Any passive configuration is possible.
Passive connection accept methods.
Passive consent encourages better participation rates and therefore better quality of data.
Passive constructions are a common characteristic of wordy and awkward writing.
Passive constructions fail to assign responsibility.
Passive constructions have no active subject.
Passive constructions show subjects being acted upon rather than performing an action.
Some passive constructions use get instead of be with a past participle.
Passive control is smooth muscle of bladder neck and proximal urethra.
Passive convection is a low intensity heat transfer mechanism.
Passive correction is simply the use of an inductor in the input circuit.
Passive crossovers are a real bear to design.
Passive crossovers have less parts, because it doesn t have a buffer stage or a power supply iv.
Passive dads have rebellious daughters.
Passive defense includes doctrine, protective gear and medical stockpiles.
Passive defense includes measures such as encryption, frequency hopping, and hardening.
Passive defense includes the provision of protective gear and medical stockpiles.
Passive defenses are physical barriers that prevent microorganisms from entering the body.
Passive detectors sound an alarm when a leak occurs.
Passive diffusion is the more important route in growing animals.
Passive diffusion reduces concentration.
Most passive diffusion reduces concentration.
Passive dissemination includes presentations at various regional and national meetings.
Passive domain objects that appear in an agent s belief database are similar to frames.
Passive drag is still a good evaluator of swimming aptitude.
Passive drainage is accomplished by gravity or capillary action.
Passive effects decrease with age, whereas active effects increase with age.
Passive elections reveals itself in the form of disturbances caused by a paq .
Passive entertainment is passe.
Passive equipment is a very small part of the greater safety net that needs to be woven.
Passive euthanasia allows one to die by withholding or withdrawing life supporting means.
Passive euthanasia carries the same distinctions of voluntary, nonvoluntary and involuntary.
Passive euthanasia includes forgoing life support or extraordinary treatments.
Passive euthanasia involves allowing someone to die.
Passive euthanasia is an ethical challenge.
Passive euthanasia is the withholding of life-saving measures for the dying person.
Passive euthanasia is when nothing is done to prevent death.
Passive euthanasia occurs when medical treatment is withheld per a patient's request.
Passive exercise is another technique that therapists use.
Passive floaters advected by the surface velocity field rapidly collect in the downflow lanes.
Passive gent seeks masterful partner.
Passive grabs are convenient for implementing reliable pop-up menus.
Passive hands are light but ineffective.
Passive hands belong to riders with a good balanced seat but little knowledge about riding a horse.
Passive headsets use thick earpads, often of gel or foam, to create a seal around each ear.
Passive heaters are heated strips which wrap around a telescope's objective, eyepiece, and finder.
Passive holding is a demonstration of bad faith.
Some passive homes have walls up to one foot thick.
Passive hosts don t advertise.
Passive hubs are signal splitters.
Passive hubs divide power among the USB ports and are useful only for low power peripherals.
Passive ignorance becomes active repression.
Passive immunisation is, in practice, the injection of antibodies to provide short term protection.
Passive immunity implies the mother is doing nothing which is true.
Passive immunity is acquired by new-born ungulates by ingestion of immunoglobulins from colostrum.
Passive immunity is acquired by receiving antibodies from someone.
Passive immunity is acquired immunity
Passive immunity is acquired immunity.
Passive immunity is based on ready-made antibodies.
Passive immunity is only effective for a limited time.
Passive immunity is provided by the transfer of antibodies from an immune to a nonimmune organism.
Passive immunity is short-lived but interferes with the production of active immunity.
Passive immunity is typically short-lived and usually persists only a few weeks or months.
Passive immunity occurs when the body acquires injected antibodies.
Passive immunity provides effective protection.
Passive immunity provides protection.
Most passive immunity provides effective protection.
Most passive immunity provides protection.
Some passive immunity is transmitted to offspring.
Passive immunization can interfere with active immunization.
Passive immunization involves the injection of serum into the body.
Passive immunization is for immediate protection, within minutes of giving the preformed antibodies.
Passive immunization is safe and specific.
Passive immunization is used when exposure to a disease has recently occurred or is anticipated.
Passive immunization provides protection.
Most passive immunization provides protection.
Passive immunotherapy is a term for giving someone preformed antibodies.
Passive immunotherapy uses antibodies made in the laboratory.
Passive income includes any dividends, interest, royalty income and net rental income.
Passive income is bank interest, capital gains, and non-work related unearned income.
Passive income is excluded.
Passive income is freedom.
Passive income is one of the true rewards of a successful network marketing career.
Passive individuals fear disagreements and keep their troubled feelings bottled up.
Passive information is collected without alerting the site visitor.
Passive instruments detect natural energy that is reflected or emitted from the observed scene.
Passive instruments measure the energy which is given off by the Earth.
Passive integration requires no change to the application but offers less customization.
Passive investors buy and hold asset classes.
Passive knowledge is at best semioperational.
Passive language puts readers to sleep.
Passive learners work linearly.
Passive lighting is defined as providing light without the use of electricity.
Passive listeners do more hearing than listening.
Passive location gives average signal from a large area.
Passive locomotion is the simplest form of animal locomotion.
Passive loss is made up of fiber loss, connector loss, and splice loss.
Passive losses are subject to stringent rules regarding deductibility.
Passive management is associated with low fees and turnover.
Passive management is the opposite of active management.
Passive managers stick to the stocks in their benchmarks.
Passive managers view stocks as commodities.
Passive margins have wide shelves, relatively gentle slopes, and a well-developed rise.
Passive margins occur on the sides of continents where the crust is diverging.
Passive matrix is easier.
Passive matrix is used in cheaper portable computers because of cost.
Passive mechanisms apply to very low-massed items such as plastic drinking bottles.
Passive meditation is done to reduce stress, fatigue and bring about a tranquil state.
Passive members are full entitled to vote.
Passive memory is usually short-term, lasting between a few days and several months.
Passive mentors are negligent.
Passive methods cover netting and long lining.
Passive mobs are spawned on chunks that have just been generated.
Passive mobs tend to wander towards grass blocks.
Passive mode includes pull-up master volume and passive tone control.
Passive mode is for virtual template interfaces or for dialer interfaces.
Passive mode is simple, while the active mode is more effective.
Passive mode is supported.
Passive monitors are simply filter papers treated with indigo dye.
Passive monitors have their place.
Passive motion is the examiner's movement of the joint through a special fled arc of motion.
Passive noise absorbing treatments have only limited impact on propeller noise.
Passive notification assigns a set of events to an instance of a notifiable class.
Passive notification is simple yet resource-intensive.
Passive observation has the advantage that it minimises the intrusion which the user experiences.
Passive observation is the best way to interact with manatees and all wildlife.
Passive optics is also an attractive technology for tracking high-speed objects.
Passive order taking seems to exists, but is it passive.
Passive participation is rather more enigmatic.
Passive patients rely on the information, decision-making, and treatment of their physicians.
Passive People Have trouble saying no.
Passive play is suicide.
Passive play is unpleasant.
Passive portfolios are lower cost and more tax efficient.
All passive poses are good for emphysema.
Passive powers act at the end of every turn.
Passive probes attempt to monitor high-speed data packets as they go by.
Passive propagation is much simpler.
Passive reactions involve the inability or unwillingness to express thoughts and feelings.
Passive reading has no relation to learning or storing something for memory.
Passive reading is a substitute for a sleeping pill.
Passive reception can be the vibe here.
Passive reciprocity is the sense of social interactions in which no one is harmed or threatened.
Passive recreation can also cause problems to shorebirds.
Passive rejection can occur when parents lack the ability to bond with a child.
Passive resistance becomes a reality.
Passive resistance is a direct action
Passive resistance is a misnomer for nonviolent resistance.
Passive resistance is direct actions.
Passive resistance is emphatically submission to physical force under protest.
Passive resistance is marked by grumbling and whining.
Passive resistance is the determination to meet force with non-force.
A passive resister is a person
Passive resisters are followers, and they'll do what they see most people doing.
Passive restoration is a low-risk policy that requires time.
Passive safety is equally thorough and effective.
Passive safety is provided by the physics of ice.
Passive sensors are dependent on the characteristics of the independent energy source.
Passive sensors emit no energy of their own.
Passive sentences are usually wordier, more pompous, and harder to understand than active sentences.
Passive sentences are wordy and often delay the true focus of a sentence.
Passive sentences sound more like conversation.
Passive services rely on advertisers and readers to communicate directly to negotiate any exchanges.
Passive sets are the most reliable where the cheetahs walk along fences.
Passive signals have three copies, one for each frame.
Passive signals maintain frame, just as passive contents do.
Passive smoke can cause almost as much aging as smoking itself.
Passive smoke can lead to a build-up of fluid in the middle ear.
Passive smoke disrupts the protective process of endothelial cells.
Passive smoke is also a hazard for pregnant women.
Passive smoke pollutes the air.
Passive smoking can also cause pregnant women to have underweight babies.
Passive smoking can exacerbate the symptoms of asthma and allergies and decrease pulmonary function.
Passive smoking can have a serious impact on the health of nonsmokers.
Passive smoking causes heart disease and lung cancer.
Passive smoking causes lung cancer and ischaemic heart disease.
Passive smoking causes lung cancer in non-smokers.
Passive smoking constitutes a serious public health risk to both children and adults.
Passive smoking does carry risks but they are small compared to the risks of active smoking.
Passive smoking does cause cancer.
Passive smoking increases the chance of a nonsmoker getting lung cancer by twenty-six percent.
Passive smoking increases the frequency and severity of infections.
Passive smoking is a health hazard.
Passive smoking is a major cause of respiratory illness among children.
Passive smoking is a universal phenomenon where smoking is common.
Passive smoking is also a recognised factor in lowering the birth weight of babies.
Passive smoking is also dangerous outside the home.
Passive smoking is capable of causing cancer.
Passive smoking is especially harmful to children who have asthma or other lung disease.
Passive smoking is especially hazardous to children who have asthma.
Passive smoking is investigated in the same study.
Passive smoking is linked with lung cancer, heart disease and sudden infant death syndrome.
Passive smoking is most significant in enclosed spaces.
Passive smoking is nominated as evil of the moment.
Passive smoking is one.
Passive smoking is the process that causes non-smokers to inhale smoke involuntarily.
Passive smoking is the third leading preventable cause of death.
Passive smoking is very dangerous for someone with asthma, other lung conditions, or heart disease.
Passive smoking means to breathe in environmental tobacco smoke.
Passive smoking poses serious threats to nonsmokers within residential settings.
Passive smoking refers to the smoke inhaled by non-smokers in the presence of smokers.
Passive smoking worsens asthmatic children.
Passive sonar is simply the receiving half of the active system.
Passive sonar listens for sounds of other ships or activity in the water.
Passive sonars listen without transmitting.
Some passive spectators receive sensation.
Passive standing can help prevent pressure sores, and osteoporosis.
Passive stereo is ideal for long period viewing and comfortable collaboration.
Passive students are likely to fail.
Passive students can request a confirmation of participation.
Passive study involves reading and re-reading material in the book, notes, etc.
Passive submission takes two modes, rolling over and standing.
Passive systems are the key- design, insulation and construction method are critical.
Passive systems collect and transport heat by non-mechanical means.
Passive systems have few or no moving parts.
Passive systems have limited range, but can be useful in close quarters.
Passive systems have no automatic freeze protection.
Passive systems rel on the sun's radiation for illumination.
Passive systems require that the patient be protected from positive pressure buildup only.
Passive systems use the building itself to collect and store solar heat.
Passive systems use the natural ability of the ecosystems to heal themselves.
Passive systems use wind and air currents, but no moving parts.
Passive systems work without a pump.
Passive tags operate without an on-board power source.
Passive techniques use repellents and sprays to deal with the armadillos vast food sources.
Passive techniques work best on medium to high frequency noise.
Passive technologies are still relatively experimental.
Passive technology is the next step in saving energy in buildings.
Passive tension can develop in the muscle's complex connective tissue.
Passive termination is the oldest method of termination.
Passive theft is still theft.
Passive threats receive much less attention, but are more important for individual computer users.
Passive transfer is often a long-term process, while the donors often think in short term projects.
Passive transponders allow a computer or robot to identify an object.
Passive transport includes diffusion and osmosis.
Passive transport is an extremely important way for small molecules to get into and out of cells.
Passive transport is transport
Passive transport is transport.
Passive transport needs energy.
Passive transport occurs down a solute s concentration gradient.
Passive transport requires no energy from the cell.
Passive unbelief comes from over-occupation with legitimate things of life.
Passive uses are under represented on the work group.
Passive verbs are boring.
Passive verbs are more difficult to understand.
Passive verbs are OK if the agent of the action is unknown or unimportant.
Passive verbs are slouchers.
Passive verbs can exist in any tense.
Passive verbs have a form of the verb to be plus the past participle of a main verb.
Passive verbs have a subject which is acted upon and can never take a direct object.
Passive verbs lack strength.
Passive violence can include prejudice, hatred, and economic oppression.
Passive violence causes anger and anger leads to physical violence.
Passive violence fuels the fires of physical violence.
A passive voice is a voice
Passive voice absolves anyone from blame while admitting error.
Passive voice can also result in excessive wordiness or create vagueness.
Passive voice can be difficult to avoid in some situations.
Passive voice can sound lofty.
Passive voice can turn a good yarn into a dull parade of words.
Passive voice changes that direct action.
Passive voice consists of a form of the verb to be plus a past participle.
Passive voice creates false formality It can make a sentence sound impersonal and stilted.
Passive voice focuses on the receiver of the action.
Passive voice involves a form of the helping verb to be and the past participle of the main verb.
Passive voice is also a recurring nightmare.
Passive voice is at times an unavoidable problem in academic writing.
Passive voice is one of the biggest grammar pet peeves out there.
Passive voice is only a problem when writers use it indiscriminately.
Passive voice is something that is being done to the subject of the verb.
Passive voice is static.
Passive voice is the primary cause of boring manuals.
Passive voice is used more often in formal reports than it is in informal ones.
Passive voice is used with caution.
Passive voice obscures the active object.
Passive voice places emphasis on the object.
Passive voice takes the being verb, and causes wordier, irresponsible sentences.
Passive voice tends to conceal rather than reveal information.
Passive voices are voices.
Passive writing is considered a style question.
Passive writing is what makes government reports so hard to read.
A passive is a voice
Passives also aid coherence among the sentences in a paragraph.
Passives are among the most misunderstood verb forms in the language.
Passives are another story altogether.
Passives are the dominant presence in an rf module.
Passives are typically two words longer than actives if fully expressed.
Passives are, in fact, harder to read.
Passives tend to help by revealing information about the Game.
Some passives are necessary and useful.
Passivity breeds a performance attitude.
Passivity breeds inactivity.
Passivity can hinder learning.
Passivity can only attain dignity by going all the way,into nihilism.
Passivity clogs the air almost as thickly as the smoke.
Passivity doesnt stop when the TV is turned off.
Passivity includes awareness of and sympathy with the horse.
Passivity is a death knell to institutions and programs.
Passivity is a theme that has been dealt with much of late.
Passivity is a trait
Passivity is boring.
Passivity is discouraged.
Passivity is emphasised during learning situations.
Passivity is exploited as weakness.
Passivity is for sheep.
Passivity is minimised.
Passivity is often a catalyst to further destroy relationships.
Passivity is one of the great forces for extending the crushing power of structural violence.
Passivity is our worst enemy.
Passivity is out.
Passivity is still the best bet.
Passivity is still the dominant demographic.
Passivity is the enemy of growth.
Passivity is the one thing that keeps people from changing and getting better.
Passivity is their chief character trait.
Passivity wins again.
A passkey is a key
Passkey provides meeting planners with accurate and timely room pick-up histories.
Passout checks are available from gate attendants.
Passout tickets are available at the door.
Passport card is for use by cardholder only.
Passport control is a fairly quick affair, but once past customs things get complicated.
Most passport offices offer rush services for extra charge.
Passport photos are available at all locations.
Passport photos are available at many camera shops or copy stores.
Passport photos are funny.
Many passport photos come in pop-up holders.
Passport software downloads the file.
Passport validity is normally for six months.
A passport is permission
Passport isa permission.
Passport Now Claims to be the least expensive passport service on the internet.
Passport photographs Instant passport photographs and applications available at our office.
Passports are a common first step for many international travelers.
Passports are a symbol.
Passports are also acceptable.
Passports are also available by mail.
Passports are available at hotel concierge desks and heritage sites.
Passports are available at most federally operated recreation areas.
Passports are available at the wineries and local festival outlets.
Passports are available at three levels.
Passports are available for just five dollars.
Passports are available on a first come, first serve basis.
Passports are definitive proof of citizenship of a particular nationality.
Passports are free.
Passports are given by national governments .
Passports are given by national governments.
Passports are good for one visit to each site within one week of purchase.
Passports are highly encouraged, especially for any midshipman going overseas.
Passports are highly encouraged.
Passports are highly recommended.
Passports are in hand.
Passports are legal documents.
Passports are legal forms.
Passports are located in airports.
Passports are located in suitcases.
Passports are necessary for everyone.
Passports are necessary for Swaziland.
Passports are non-transferable.
Passports are non-transferrable.
Passports are now mandatory by the Mexican government for entry into Mexico.
Passports are only good for annoying honest folks, and aiding in the flight of rogues.
Passports are preferable.
Passports are the best form of identification for international travel.
Passports are the preferred travel document.
Passports are the responsibility of each client.
Passports are the responsibility of each participant.
Passports are used for identification.
Passports are valid for a period of ten years and are easily renewed with the proper identification.
Passports are valid for at least six months and visas are required for entry.
Passports are valid for ten years for adults and five years for children.
Passports are valid for ten years.
Passports are valid until completed.
Passports Avoid the prime time vacation rush.
Passports can take several weeks to receive.
Passports can take up to several weeks to get the first time.
Passports cost only about a penny per day to maintain.
Passports entitle holders to half-price camping fees and launching fees.
Passports is a collection of databases and other online resources.
Passports is a great company to work with.
Passports is divided into a number of sections, which are highlighted on the following screens.
Passports occasionally makes scholarship funds available to students.
Passports offer non-exclusive use of the sports venues.
Passports offers access to full text articles as well as other suppplemental information.
Passports require visitor signature upon entry, and expiration dates apply.
Passports take three weeks to process, so it is essential to factor that in.
Passports take two workdays to process.
All passports are dark blue in colour, with the cover lettering in gold.
All passports come complete with exit stamps.
Most passports are good for a limited period of time.
Most passports are valid for a limited time.
Most passports contain an expiration date.
Password documentation is a great asset on large projects with multiple users.
Password files can now contain realnames and email addresses.
Every password file has the 'root' account.
Most password generators use some form of cryptography.
Many password managers are available on the Web as either freeware or shareware.
Password policy is domain specific.
Password protection assures privacy.
Password protection ensures confidentiality.
Password synchronization helps users remember their passwords .
A password is positive identification
Passwords affect the actual view definition or view descriptor as well as the underlying data.
Passwords allow levels to be replayed later.
Passwords allow players to continue between visits.
Passwords allow users access to the network.
Passwords alone are insufficient.
Passwords also exist within the gradebook, but are hidden from general view.
Passwords are a basic security measure.
Passwords are a broken security scheme.
Passwords are a common credential.
Passwords are a common method of keeping computer data safe and secure.
Passwords are a common software solution to preventing unwanted access.
Passwords are a form of security.
Passwords are a good system, provided good passwords are chosen.
Passwords are a key management issue.
Passwords are a major source of vulnerability for networked computers.
Passwords are a minimum of eight characters, using a mixture of letters and numerals.
Passwords are a necessary evil.
Passwords are a pain - for both users and network managers alike.
Passwords are a pain in the backside.
Passwords are a pain in the bazock.
Passwords are a second security step to protect the integrity of the systems.
Passwords are about identity.
Passwords are all lower-case, too.
Passwords are also available via most public libraries in North Carolina.
Passwords are also case-sensitive.
Passwords are also non-identifying, no birthdates or addresses, or anything similar.
Passwords are also subject to brute-force attacks.
Passwords are also the same.
Passwords are always case sensitive.
Passwords are always the weak link in any security system.
Passwords are an essential part of campus computer security.
Passwords are another area to be concerned with.
Passwords are another problem.
Passwords are another.
Passwords are at least seven characters in length.
Passwords are auto-generated.
Passwords are available at the library.
Passwords are available at the reference desk.
Passwords are available for privacy.
Passwords are available for students and staff.
Passwords are available from any UK library.
Passwords are available from enquiry points at all campus libraries.
Passwords are available from libraries.
Passwords are available from library.
Passwords are available from members of the operations group or the duty astronomer.
Passwords are available from the library enquiry desk.
Passwords are available from the Library Enquiry Desk.
Passwords are available only to show managers of record, show, secretaries, and licensed officials.
Passwords are available to Australian and New Zealand healthcare professionals.
Passwords are available to members here .
Passwords are available to students formally enrolled in the course.
Passwords are case senitive.
Passwords are case sensative.
Passwords are case sensetive.
Passwords are case sensititve.
Passwords are case sensitive - they have to be in order to detect the capital characters.
Passwords are case sensitive , so enter upper case and lower case letters as specified.
Passwords are case sensitive .
Passwords are case sensitive and are to be entered in lower case only .
Passwords are case sensitive for increased protection.
Passwords are case sensitive, and can be a combination of numbers and upper and lower case letters.
Passwords are case sensitive, so be aware of uppercase and lowercase letters.
Passwords are case sensitive, so capital letters are different than lower-case letters.
Passwords are case sensitive, so remember lower- and uppercase letters.
Passwords are case sensitive, which means that capital and lowercase letters are recognized .
Passwords are case sensitive.
Passwords are cAsE sEnsItIve.
Passwords are Case sensitive.
Passwords ARE case sensitive.
Passwords are case sensitve.
Passwords are case sentive.
Passwords are case specific.
Passwords are case-insensitive.
Passwords are case-sensitive .
Passwords are case-sensitive and can include numbers and special characters in any combination.
Passwords are case-sensitive so include capital letters too.
Passwords are case-sensitive so type it in carefully.
Passwords are case-sensitive.
Passwords ARE case-sensitive.
Passwords are case-senstitive.
Passwords are character string.
Passwords are cheap, easy to use, and the implementation easy to write.
Passwords are cheap, plentiful and insecure.
Passwords are confidential and never given out over the telephone or fax.
Passwords are confidential.
Passwords are cumbersome for the user .
Passwords are customizable and created on a per message basis.
Passwords are date cyclic - they expire after a certain, unfixed period.
Passwords are dead at last.
Passwords are dependent on the number of users.
Passwords are difficult to remember and easy to steal.
Passwords are easy to get.
Passwords are five digits.
Passwords are for the exclusive use of named individual only.
Passwords are free to qualified users of the text.
Passwords are good for one year.
Passwords are good for the semester in which they are issued.
Passwords are identical at both ends.
Passwords are important.
Passwords are inactive during the summer.
Passwords are independent between knowledge bases.
Passwords are information.
Passwords are insecure because they can be forgotten or noticed by others.
Passwords are key components in the security system.
Passwords are like keys, and once opened a door stays open until locked.
Passwords are like toothbrushes.
Passwords are like underwear.
Passwords are ment to be hard to guess for someone else, but easy for the owner to remember.
Passwords are necessary to gain access.
Passwords are necessary to keep the tools from being tampered with inadvertantly.
Passwords are necessary to take full advantage of the two systems' capabilities.
Passwords ARE necessary.
Passwords are never to be displayed openly in written material.
Passwords are never to be loaned.
Passwords are never to be shared with anyone.
Passwords are never to be shared.
Passwords are no longer case-sensitive.
Passwords are no longer sufficient.
Passwords are nothing new, of course.
Passwords are obtainable only from instructors and expire at the end of each semester.
Passwords are often a weak link to connected systems such as the Internet.
Passwords are often case-sensitive.
Passwords are on a six month schedule.
Passwords are once again case-sensitive.
Passwords are one method.
Passwords are one of the best methods to safeguard against prying eyes or malicious behavior.
Passwords are only a partial protection against loss of privacy.
Passwords are ONLY available from the instructors.
Passwords are only available in person from the Library Information Desk.
Passwords are only available to instructors.
Passwords are optional.
Passwords are particularly vulnerable when they remain unchanged for a long time.
Passwords are passwords.
Passwords are positive identification.
Passwords are private.
Passwords are problematic.
Passwords are psychological mind bombs.
Passwords are secrets.
Passwords are secure since all password traffic when connecting to a server is encrypted.
Passwords are sensitive to capitalization.
Passwords are sensitive to the use of upper or lower case letters.
Passwords are six alphanumeric characters in length.
Passwords are still susceptible attacks and theft and dialup systems are commonly miss-configured.
Passwords are temporary and are subject to change.
Passwords are the computer's first line of defense against unauthorized system access.
Passwords are the first line of defense for computer users.
Passwords are the first line of defense in maintaining a secure system.
Passwords are the first line of defense in system security, and as such are extremely important.
Passwords are the first line of security for the department's network.
Passwords are the foundation of computer security.
Passwords are the key defense against unauthorized system access.
Passwords are the main line of defense against computer abuse.
Passwords are the most common form of computer security.
Passwords are the most popular security feature today.
Passwords are the oldest, most mature and most flexible security tool around.
Passwords are the only protection against such people.
Passwords are the same as salespeople's names.
Passwords are the traditional method to authenticate users to computer systems.
Passwords are the tried and true way of securing computer systems.
Passwords are the weakest form of authentication, and can be manipulated all too easily.
Passwords are to be at least eight characters long.
Passwords are to be kept a confidential.
Passwords are to be kept confidential.
Passwords are to be protected and never shared.
Passwords are typically case-sensitive.
Passwords are unaffected.
Passwords are undeniably useful, even necessary.
Passwords are unique for each individual.
Passwords are upper and lowercase sensitive.
Passwords are usually case sensitive, meaning that they use both upper and lower case letters.
Passwords are usually case-sensitive.
Passwords are usually eight letters long.
Passwords are vulnerable to many methods of unauthorized access.
Passwords are weak or missing.
Passwords are word forms.
Passwords are, also, case sensitive.
Passwords are, by default, stored in a secure, hashed format.
Passwords are, for security purposes, encrypted.
Passwords assure appropriate and secure access.
Passwords authenticate the client.
Passwords authorizing multiple users from a single site are available at special discounted prices.
Passwords automatically change on a periodic basis to further assure that access is authorized.
Passwords automatically expire periodically.
Passwords be a minimum of eight characters.
Passwords Begin the new year with a new password.
Passwords can . . .
Passwords can also be a problem.
Passwords can be a combination of numbers and letters.
Passwords can be any combination of alpha or numeric characters.
Passwords can be any combination of letters and numbers up to eight characters.
Passwords can be anything the instructor chooses for each student.
Passwords can be anything.
Passwords can be both uppercase and lowercase.
Passwords can be case sensitive.
Passwords can be edit and copied to the clipboard for pasting into other applications.
Passwords can be either case sensitive or strictly lower case.
Passwords can be four to six letters or numbers in length.
Passwords can be longer than eight characters.
Passwords can be longer than six characters, but only the first eight characters are significant.
Passwords can be no longer than twenty characters and are case sensitive.
Passwords can be numbers, letters or a combination of both.
Passwords can be of any complexity.
Passwords can be of any length.
Passwords can be of from four to eight digits in length.
Passwords can be up to eight characters.
Passwords can be up to six characters long.
Passwords can be uppercase and lowercase letters mixed.
Passwords can contain letters and numbers.
Passwords can contain letters, numbers, and symbols.
Passwords can differ, too.
Passwords can easily be hacked, are often easy to guess and are frequently shared among co-workers.
Passwords can expire, and users can be required to regularly change their password.
Passwords can have a number of combinations including caps and lower case or numbers.
Passwords can include numbers and letters but no spaces.
Passwords can now include uppercase letters.
Passwords can provide authorized users with different levels of Web access.
Passwords can restrict databases and individual records can be designated public or private.
Passwords change each semester.
Passwords change every semester.
Passwords change monthly.
Passwords change on a regular basis.
Passwords change on the first day of each month.
Passwords change periodically but the new password is posted on the home page.
Passwords change regularly.
Passwords change semi-annually.
Passwords change several times a year.
Passwords consist of a formula.
Passwords consist of first five characters of the username.
Passwords consisting of a single English word are poor choices.
Passwords control access to the various sub-systems.
Passwords correspond to the final level and five bonus levels.
Passwords cost nothing in terms of hardware and can easily be implemented.
Passwords determine the functions a person can use.
Passwords determine who has access to the card's information.
Passwords distinguish between upper- and lower case letters.
Passwords do help but can be tracked.
Passwords ensure managers can see only the files of their direct subordinates.
Passwords ensure that only authorized users can reach certain information.
Passwords ensure that only members can contribute.
Passwords expire approximately every six months.
Passwords expire at the end of each semester.
Passwords expire every month or so or from inactivity.
Passwords expire every six months .
Passwords expire every six months as well.
Passwords expire every six months.
Passwords expire for two reasons.
Passwords expire on a regular basis.
Passwords expire to protect the customer's account and the network system.
Passwords follow the same conventions.
Passwords hack our passwords daily.
Passwords have to be in lower case.
Passwords have to be manually synchronized .
Passwords help identify the owner and backup copies are always important.
Passwords help to ensure that only authorized individuals access computer systems.
Passwords helps prevent unauthorized users from accessing secure information.
Passwords Is there a way of displaying passwords for users when they web into cgate.
Passwords issued to users are for the exclusive use of the user to whom the password is issued.
Passwords let players stop the game and come back to it later.
Passwords Make 'em, change 'em, or remember 'em.
Passwords mast contain both letters and numbers.
Passwords multiply and reproduce amongst themselves.
Passwords occasionally change.
Passwords offer some level of security to exist within the system.
Passwords permit access to the electronic mail system for a specific mailbox.
Passwords Play for a long time and get a bad game ending.
Passwords present a kind of security paradox.
Passwords prevent tampering.
Passwords protect confidential data and unauthorized access.
Passwords protect moves from being played by outside players.
Passwords protect option.
Passwords protect the more important information.
Passwords provide a level of security against unauthorized use of resources.
Passwords provide access starting from first use of the password.
Passwords provide an active system that requires intervention from the user.
Passwords provide employees and students access to computing facilities.
Passwords provide only limited protection.
Passwords provide protection which maintains the integrity of the images being viewed.
Passwords rely on numbers and symbols - things that computers handle easily.
Passwords remain from semester to semester.
Passwords remain the same as last year.
Passwords remain unchanged.
Passwords seem to work intermittently.
Passwords sent in the clear across the wire are an anachronism.
Passwords shown are the default settings.
Passwords unlock each code.
Passwords used last semester are no longer valid.
Passwords Using passwords is the first step in securing privacy on computers.
Passwords vary by department or organization.
Passwords work only if the user keeps it a secret.
Passwords frequently are case sensitive.
Passwords often cause confusion for students.
Passwords sometimes change as often as monthly.
All passwords are all capitol letters.
All passwords are case sensitive .
All passwords are case sensitive and can be alphanumeric.
All passwords are case sensitive.
ALL passwords are case sensitive.
All passwords are case-sensitive .
All passwords are fully Evaluated, Ranked, and Categorized.
All passwords are generic on new accounts.
All passwords are in alphabetical order and each site listed is fully evaluated.
All passwords are incorrect.
All passwords are lowercase.
All passwords are ta .
All passwords are to be kept strictly confidential.
All passwords come from rocketman.
All passwords contain at least six characters.
All passwords have a non-alpha character in the middle.
All passwords issued are to be held privately and securely.
All passwords require credit card authorization or payment prior to use.
All passwords use lower-case letters.
All passwords work on both sites.
Any password issued to a user is for the personal use of the recipient.
Any passwords used for the websites are for individual use only.
Most password cracking dictionaries are multi-lingual.
Most password cracking programs search a large dictionary looking for matches.
Most password cracking programs use dictionaries to try to break in.
Most passwords are case sensitive.
Most passwords wil l change each quarter .
Some password aging information is lost by .BR pwunconv .
Some password aging information is lost by pwunconv .
Some password checking programs are very strict.
Some password cracking programs use word lists and attempt each word in turn.
Some passwords are case sensitive, so pretend that all passwords are case sensitive.
Some passwords are easy to defeat, others less so, and still others all but impossible.
Some passwords are harder to guess than others.
Passwords policy is to never expire.
Past abuse is part of an abusive pattern.
Past abuse matters greatly when giving birth.
Past accidents pinpoint specific dangers.
Past achievements are just that.
Past act leads to a subsequent promise.
Past action implies past birth.
Past advisories are still available from the new page.
Past announcements are available on a separate page .
Past answers are available.
Past appointees view it as a burden at best, an ordeal at worst.
Past articles are also available on CD-ROM for purchase.
Past articles are available by clicking on the appropriate date below.
Past articles are available for download.
Past articles are available for free on-line.
Past articles are available in our archive .
Past articles are available in the archive .
Past articles are available online.
Past articles are available.
Past articles are searchable by keyword and a subject index.
Past articles Are there any brochures, books, etc.
Some past articles are in the archives section.
Past attendance is viewed.
Past audits reveal the school has pushed the outer-limits of fiscal irresponsibility for some time.
Past behavior can be a indicator of future behavior.
Past behavior can predict future performance.
Past behavior is a good indicator of future behavior.
Past behavior is a predictor of future behavior.
Past behavior is the best predictor of future behavior.
Past behaviour is a predictor of future behaviour.
Past behaviour is very often a determinant of future actions.
Past bibliographies are available upon request.
Past broadcasts are available in the archive the day after the broadcast.
Past bulletins are available on-line .
Past calendars are available to members at a modest cost.
Past calendars are available, as well as a web page listing just our colloquia .
Past campers say the experience remains a lasting influence.
Past Cases murder Autistic persons have been killed for being autistic.
Past cases reveal three problems with interim proceedings and awards.
Past chairperson are honorary members.
Past challenges are also available, so the site can be used without any interaction, if desired.
All past champions qualify regardless of their current handicap.
Any past champion is also eligible to participate regardless of their residency.
Many past champions participate in the parade.
Past change seems less risky because the uncertainty is gone.
Past clients can be an excellent source of information.
Past clients provide references.
Past clients range from radio and television broadcasters to international law enforcement agencies.
Past climate analogs.
Past coercion goes on earning compound interest.
Past comment are below here.
Past commissions offer lessons.
Past contests are a great resource.
Past copies are available in Publications .
All past crimes are to be forgiven.
Past crops includes corn, strawberries, small grains, etc.
Past customers please inquire for availability.
All past data are still accessible in the Archives area.
Past deals involving passports and phone numbers explain why.
Past decades see consistent growth.
Past decades see growth.
Most past decades see consistent growth.
Most past decades see growth.
Past decisions afford great weight to such experience.
Many past Defenders appear in the last issue.
Past deliverances are strong pleas for present assistance.
Some past designs are available on a limited basis.
Past discretion is no guarantee of future prudence.
Past discussions are always available.
Past dues accounts forfeit publication.
Past dues are up.
Past editions are also available at the site.
Past editions are also available.
Past editions are also viewable.
Past editions are available below.
Past editions can be word-searched for topics of interest.
Past effort is minuscule compared with the magni- tude of the problem.
Past efforts are about to bring about new professional opportunities.
Past endorsements prove unrepresentative conservatism is stinking up our media.
Past entries are also viewable .
All past entries are below.
Past events are crucial to the events of the zarzuela.
Past events are here .
Past events are in Reports .
Past events are now under Reports .
Past events can be infinite.
Past events can bring about regrets and depression.
Past Events Click on links for a full program of events.
Past Events Click on side buttons to visit pages on major events.
Past events Click on the event for more info.
Past events collect in the unconscious and echo eternally.
Past events echo in Algeria.
Past Events Find out the outcome of previous meetings, download presentations, review proceedings.
Past events foreshadow the future.
Past events form endless logbook.
Past events possess no intrinsic meaning.
Past events predict present behavior, but present behavior changes for better or for worse.
Past Events See Past Events for more details.
Past events test specific aspects and help define when the computer can be used to make predictions.
Some past events are worth listing, even though they have already taken place.
Past evidence suggests that the risks are fairly low.
Past exam papers Previous years' examination papers indexed by both year and topic.
Past exams are final exams.
Past exams are useful as study aids .
Past exams Be sure to press return after each word.
Past examinations are a recommended guide to the level and typical content of the examinations.
Past examinations are available as study aids.
Past examinations are available in various formats, depending on the year of the exam.
Past examples are available on the web.
Past examples are the soil bank, diverted acres, and set-aside acres.
Past exhibits are available for loan to schools in the Houston area.
Past exhibits are available for loan to schools.
Past exhibitions are viewable as well.
Past experience affects behaviour of pigs.
Past experience argues for a clean extension of a longer period of time without new provisions.
Past experience comes into play, knowledge, as well as, consumer law.
Past experience demonstrates ability.
Past experience forbids our trusting to means so feeble.
Past experience has a bearing on an individual's preferences.
Past experience helps, too.
Past experience includes commercial, private,institutional and industrial work.
Past experience includes design of advertisements for magazines, brochures, exhibitions and others.
Past experience includes home and careers, technology and health.
Past experience includes ownership and management of retail sales, service and construction company.
Past experience includes working as a commercial deep-sea bottomfisherman.
Past experience indicates it is advantageous for more than one person per firm to attend.
Past experience indicates that some students have difficulty joining the discussion group.
Past experience indicates that the internship program is a most valuable educational opportunity.
Past experience indicates that udder and comfort problems occur when stalls are too short.
Past experience indicates that very little sound reinforcement is needed.
Past experience is a good tool to use in setting the yield goal for a given field.
Past experience is an obvious guide.
Past experience is excellent for providing a reality check.
Past experience is necessary.
Past experience is no guarantee of future performance.
Past experience is seen in a whole new light.
Past experience is the key here.
Past experience justifies the pride which is shared by former fellows and staff for the fellowship.
Past experience leading groups or in other roles of leadership is preferred.
Past experience lies in medical laboratory science and consulting for hospitals and nursing homes.
Past experience needs to be relevant.
Past experience proves that poor attendance yields poor grades.
Past experience shows aphid infestations can be costly.
Past experience shows that book checkout inevitably leads to lost books.
Past experience shows that finance is made available on an all or nothing basis.
Past experience shows that it can serve as an elegant table wine for several years after bottling.
Past experience shows that it is essential for each member of the group to come prepared to lab.
Past experience shows that when people do that they come up with solutions.
Past experience shows the average time for obtaining the ruling is approximately six weeks.
Past experience suggests that many members pay their renewal fee at the Annual meeting itself.
Past experience suggests that specialists can do the job better, faster, and cheaper.
Past experience suggests that students who attend recitation regularly are more likely to do well.
Past experience suggests that the best choice for most class members is a take-home examination.
Past experience suggests that the take-home exam is the best option for most class members.
Past experience suggests that there is value in some faculty presence.
Past experience tends to indicate that they contain useful information.
Past experience underscores the peril of counting on such a reduction, however.
Past experience working in a private club environment is beneficial.
Past experience working in an office environment is preferred.
Past experiences are important teachers.
Past experiences are memories.
Past experiences can be a basis for present and future decisions.
Past experiences can influence the degree of hope individuals possess.
Past experiences determine frame of reference, with more immediate ones determining set.
Past experiences find that having a statewide advisory committee saves time and effort for everyone.
Past experiences indicate contrary and negative results when repression is used.
Past experiences indicate that there is no guarantee of either.
Past experiences mean very little on an individual level.
Past experiences prove that special events are a huge tourist draw.
Past experiences show the memory bandwidth bottleneck, scalability problems of SMPs.
Most past experience demonstrates ability.
Past finalists are eligible to enter.
Past functions are wine and cheese night, bowling and pizza dinner, and pot luck dinner.
Past generations try to see the negative instead of the positive.
Past glories mean little and writing itself comes hard, if it is truly valuable.
Past graduates are welcome back as discounted fees.
Past graduates can contact the campus and post their current information.
Past graduates share some stories about looking for jobs.
Many past graduates are now in senior positions in mills and with supplier companies.
Past grants continue to flourish.
Past graphics are available here .
Past guests get further discounts.
Many past guests request their favorite when making their reservations.
Past guilt is presented as the explanation of present suffering.
Past history illustrates the successes in the identification process.
Past history is difficult enough to see and understand rightly.
Past history is important, too.
Past history is important.
Past history is no guarantee of current conditions.
Past history is of course very important, but it has already disappeared into space.
Past history is redundant.
Past history is significant for diabetes and emphysema.
Past history is such a bore, poorly erased files, and sloppy overwriting on the code.
Past history is unremarkable.
Past history proves excellent rents.
Past history reveals degenerative arthritis, chronic neck and back pain.
Past history says that shooting and hunting are venues appropriate for men.
Past history shows that large airline mergers are so difficult to accomplish smoothly.
Past history shows that the limited edition pieces sell quickly. .
Past history shows that the limited edition pieces sell quickly.
Past history suggests it'll take more to clean up doctors' prescription-writing habits.
Past history suggests that some preparation is necessary to achieve a passing score.
Past immigration come the customs officials.
Past impressions harass the mind.
Past indiscretions are history and of no importance.
Past infection appears to produce some protective immunity.
Past infection does provide some immunity, but that protection is relatively short-lived.
Past infection gives immunity.
Some past information is archived for about a year.
Past interpretations seem to have focused on Scrooge the economic and psychological person.
Past issues are accessible through an easy archive.
Past issues are all available on download.
Past issues are also available at the site.
Past issues are also available below.
Past issues are also available for downloading.
Past issues are also available from the division.
Past issues are also available on the site.
Past issues are also available online.
Past issues are also available on-line.
Past issues are also available to browse.
Past issues are also available.
Past issues are available as supplies last.
Past issues are available as well.
Past issues are available at a nominal price to anyone.
Past issues are available at a nominal price to everyone.
Past issues are available below.
Past issues are available for a fee.
Past issues are available for searching by anyone.
Past issues are available from our on-line store .
Past issues are available here .
Past issues are available here.
Past issues are available in the archives .
Past issues are available in the online archive as well as a Gremlin combat contest calendar.
Past issues are available on a limited basis.
Past issues are available on The Democracy Center Web site.
Past issues are available on the right, through the archives.
Past issues are available on the web also.
Past issues are available on the website.
Past issues are available online .
Past issues are available online and searchable.
Past issues are available on-line for PMF members.
Past issues are available online to members only.
Past issues are available online.
Past issues are available on-line.
Past issues are available to read online.
Past issues are available upon request.
Past issues are available while supplies last.
Past issues are available, as well as selected articles from the current issue.
Past issues are available.
Past issues are below the search machine.
Past issues are below.
Past issues are cross referenced where appropriate.
Past issues are detailed.
Past issues are here .
Past issues are here for download or for viewing online.
Past issues are in the Coaching Notes Archive.
Past issues are now available online.
Past issues are on our website.
Past issues are on-line.
Past issues are online.
Past issues are searchable.
Past issues are sometimes available.
Past issues are still available in the download section.
Past issues are still available.
Past issues are viewable in the online archive.
Past issues can also read.
Past issues illustrate some of the wide range of member's interests.
Past issues remain accessible from the home page.
All past issues are available in a searchable archive .
All past issues are available to subscribers for future reference.
All past issues are available.
Every past issue has techniques that are still applicable today.
Some past issues are also available here .
Some past issues are also available here.
Some past issues are available and abstracts can be searched.
Some past issues are available on-line .
Some past issues are photocopies since the originals are out of print.
Past journals are also available.
Past land uses too can have an effect.
Past leaders have influence.
Past leadership is often paternalistic.
Past lectures are now available here.
Past lessons reveal that similar situations occur before penny stocks multiply in value.
Past lives are prone to many problems.
Past Lives Tapping past lives is much in vogue, especially in California.
Past locations range from the Caribbean to Canada.
Past losers outperform past winners in stock markets as well as in sports markets.
Past maintenance includes cleaning of stones and clearing of vegetation.
Past mass extinction is caused by events.
A past master is an expert
Past masters are valuable sources of support and information.
Past meetings give no clue as to who's favourite in the final.
Past members hope Up with People rebounds from financial problems.
Past memories are here and the open possibilities of the future are here.
Past memories show more depth and detail than recent memory.
Past messages are always available.
Past messages are on the web site.
All past messages are always available.
Past minutes are available here.
Past minutes are available upon request.
Past mistakes are nothing to feel guilty about.
Past month is available.
Past months work ok.
Past news is here .
Past newsletters are also available on the site.
Past newsletters are also available with instant access.
Past newsletters are available in an Adobe Acrobat version which is printable.
Past newsletters are available online.
Past newsletters are on-line.
All Past newsletters are in Adobe .pdf format.
Some past newsletters are available online.
Some past newsletters are in the archives .
Past organizers recommend a two month or more planning period.
All past owners are alive and kicking.
Past pain is quite the different story.
Past papers are available in the library.
Past papers are helpful when preparing for an essay based exam.
Past papers are only available for a charge from the publications page .
Past papers provide an extensive set of potential topics for tutorial work.
All past parishioners are welcome.
Past participants agree that the event is a truly rejuvenating and positive experience.
Past participants agree the workshops have great value.
Past participants are very successful getting into graduate school.
Past participants consider going on exchange as one of their best college experiences.
Past participants indicate that the location is ideal.
Past participants present brief slide talks about their summer work.
Past participants report that the experience in Mexico has had a profound impact on their lives.
Past participants report that the program has been very beneficial and worthwhile.
Past participants seem to agree, since the meals always receive rave reviews.
Past participants suggest noting preferred residence hall on application form.
Any past participant can attest to the excellence of the director and staff.
Many past participants claim the school trimmed up to two years off the self learning process.
Past participation is acceptable.
A past participle is a verb
Most past participles end in -ed .
Past passengers receive additional discounts.
Past passengers receive discounts.
Past patterns are available for purchase .
Past performance can be a powerful tool to help the government obtain better value from contracting.
Past performance can be the key, they claim, to share price in the future.
Past performance has nothing to do with future results.
Past performance helps a lot in risk management decisions.
Past performance is a critical factor for buyers in the supplier selection process.
Past performance is a good indicator of management's capability.
Past performance is a good predictor of future behavior.
Past performance is admittedly no guarantee of future results.
Past performance is also no guarantee of future performance.
Past performance is an accurrate predictor of future performance.
Past performance is an excellent prediction of future performance.
Past performance is an important factor in the decision to fund programs.
Past performance is analysed to identify weakness and strengths and limiting factors are identified.
Past performance is another good example.
Past performance is as good as any indicator for the future.
Past performance is certainly a key factor in assessing the qualifications of any business.
Past performance is evaluated for specific areas of cost, delivery, management or technical.
Past performance is important but the focal point is on forward earnings.
Past performance is in no way a guarantee of future results.
Past performance is in no way indicative of future results.
Past performance is never a guarantee of future results.
Past performance is no assurance of future results.
Past performance is no assurance of similar results in the future.
Past performance is no assurance or indicator of future returns.
Past performance is no definite indicator of future results.
Past performance is no guarantee for future profits.
Past performance is no guarantee for future results.
Past performance is no guarantee of future gains.
Past performance is no guarantee of future investing results.
Past performance is no guarantee of future investment results.
Past performance is no guarantee of future investment returns.
Past performance is no guarantee of future performance, and there is always a possibility of losses.
Past performance is no guarantee of future performance, future success or profitability.
Past performance is no guarantee of future performance.
Past performance is no guarantee of future profits.
Past performance is no guarantee of future re turns.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results .
Past performance is no guarantee of future results of the index or the trust.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results or profits.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
Past performance is no guarantee of future returns .
Past performance is no guarantee of future returns.
Past performance is no guarantee of future success.
Past performance is no guarantee of future successes.
Past performance is no guarantee of future trading results.
Past performance is no guarantee of future value.
Past performance is no guarantee of future values.
Past performance is no guarantee of success.
Past performance is no guarantee of the future results.
Past performance is no guarantee of the future.
Past performance is no guarantee or indicator of future performance.
Past performance is no guide to future performance.
Past performance is no guide to future returns.
Past performance is no guide to the future.
Past performance is no indication of future performance.
Past performance is no indication of future results, and values fluctuate.
Past performance is no indication of future results.
Past performance is no indicator of future results.
Past performance is no necessarily a guide to future performance.
Past performance is obtainable from public records .
Past performance is one of the central tenets of procurement reform.
Past performance is the best indication of future performance.
Past performance is the best indication to future performance.
Past performance is the best indicator of future performance.
Past performance is the best indicator of future success.
Past performance is the best overall basis for evaluating performance.
Past performance is the only indicator of future performance.
Past performance is the second most often cited reason, while party background is the third.
Past performance is used as an evaluation tool on competitive acquisitions.
Past performance is usually the best predictor of future results.
Past performance is, of course, no guarantee of future results.
Past performance means a lot in horse races and trials.
Past performance reported here is no guarantee of future results.
Past performance speaks a tremendous amount about one's ability and likelihood for success.
Past performance tends to be a good predictor of future performance.
Past performances Forget the elaborate sets.
Past performances is no indication of future results.
Past performances seen and heard by millions include all of the major college bowls.
Past persecution creates a rebuttable presumption of future persecution.
Past picture's from pack and dist.
Past police experience a plus.
Past policy is no longer a guide for action.
Past poll are also available in an archive.
Past practice indicates that the main entry has most often been used.
Past practice is a form of evidence commonly used or applied to clarify ambiguous contract language.
Past practice is to share a copy of the report with the steward and the employee.
Past practice possesses momentum and inertia.
Past practice speaks for itself.
Past practice supports that assumption.
Past practices are often difficult to establish.
Past practices drive employee behavior much more than present best practices and future needs.
Past precedents are final and irrevocable.
Past precedents have presumptive force that varies from case to case.
Past prejudices have to be shed.
Past president is responsible for the inventory of equipment.
All past problems are still available in archived format.
Past profiles are also available.
Past profitability is a factor in predicting future profitability.
Past programs are available via the index located on the home page.
Past programs have feature guest speakers, faculty showcases, and resource demonstrations.
Past progress is a source of great pride.
Past projects span nearly all types of industries nationwide.
All past proposals are available for inspection.
Past queries are available on the site as well as stories about genealogy from the archives.
Past radiation doses.
Past recipes are online .
Past recommendations have much or all of their history displayed in the database as well.
Past records are reliable prognosticators.
Past records are still worth thinking about in line-ball games.
Past records can be useful in indicating future use.
Past relationships are in the past.
Past relationships haunt the current dispute.
Past releases are also available on line.
Past releases are in the archive.
Past renovations continue to pay their way as well.
Past renters consider it roomy and comfortable.
Past reports are also available.
Past reports are available from the center for the cost of reproduction and mailing.
Past reports are available in the library.
Past reports contain helpful information about working conditions, housing, and French life.
Past research can help in the development of study design.
Past research includes dating and courtship, and student alcohol use.
Past research includes work on the subtalar joint axis, the midtarsal joint and first ray mechanics.
Past research indicates that intertidal seaweeds can be nutrient limited.
Past research indicates that people can generally predict the correctness of their knowledge.
Past research involves programming languages and compilers .
Past research raise some very important questions.
Past research shows that eating enough calories is key to keeping the menstrual cycle regular.
Past residents find it a convenient way to keep up with happenings in their hometown.
Past results are neither an indication nor guarantee of future results.
Past results are no guarantee as to future results.
Past results are no guarantee of future outcome.
Past results are no guarantee of future performance.
Past results are no guarantee of future results.
Past results are no indication of future performance.
Past results are no indication of futures performance.
Past results is no indication of future performance.
Past results show the terrain and climate here is ideal for improving technique and overall fitness.
Past results speaks for the excellent soccer experience.
Past rules are replaceable, past constraints transcendable.
Past salvation offers little comfort in the midst of fresh tragedy and inconsolable grief.
Past scenes come rushing back with new meaning.
Past schedules are also available.
All past seasons are still available.
Past seminars are here .
Past sermons are also available.
Past service includes installations of CD drives, hard drives, modems and sound cards.
Past sessions are also available below.
Past sessions are always available on audio cassette.
All past shows are available.
Past showcases remain online for months and continue to get plenty of hits.
Past sites are available.
Past skeletons remain today.
Past solutions can be helpful only if they are indeed appropriate for the problems at hand.
Past solutions seem ineffective.
All past staff seem to have thus far survived.
Past statistics can assist present prevention.
Past stories are available as well.
Past students are welcome to attend the new catalogue demonstration in the first half-hour.
Past students lead major corporations.
Past students recieve a special discount off of our already competitive prices.
Past students say that living here is an experience they ll never forget.
Past students say that living here is an experience they'll never forget.
Past students say that they enjoyed the course immensely.
All past students remain on the school s books.
Many past students go on to develop their careers as project leaders or managers.
Many past students report getting jobs from online job postings.
Past studies looking at the effects of breast-feeding on postpartum weight change are inconclusive.
Past studies show the negative effect of heavy lead exposure on the kidneys.
Past studies show there are three stages in attaining trust.
Past studies suffer from narrowness of focus as well as arbitrariness in methods and measurements.
Past success can be a deterrent to future blessing.
Past success is a good prognosticator of future success.
Past success is a key predictor of future success.
Past success is a much better predictor of future success.
Past success is irrelevant to survival, however.
Past success is no guarantee of future results.
Past success is no guarantee of future success.
Past success is the worst enemy of future success.
Past successes are resources.
Past successes can be our worst enemy.
Past successes can bring great anticipation of future blessings.
Past summaries are also available.
Many past Supplements are available - some at discount prices.
Past syllabi are available.
Past tenants report to keep track of amounts owed and paid by past tenants.
Past tests are also available.
Past threat is less important than present recognition and action in the immediate future.
Past times are pastimes.
Past topics range from brain tumors, healthy foods, depression, and women's health.
Past trainees are friends, no matter what year they went.
All past training is opposed to such a confession.
Some past training is recognized.
All past transcripts are available.
Past travelers comment on our trips.
Past treatments cure less than one out of two children with leukemia.
Past trends indicate frequent tuition hikes.
Past trends lead to interesting extrapolations.
Past trips are also available.
Past triumphs are no guarantee of future success.
Past updates are available on the web at .
Past usage is a valid reliable prediction of future use.
Past use is evaluated on an individual basis.
Past users tend to be older retirees.
Past victimization perpetuates the cycle of abuse.
Past volumes are available for purchase as well as current-year single issues.
Past volumes are available for purchase as well.
Past volumes are available on disk.
Past volumes are available on request.
Past volumes are available.
Past volunteers seem to think it was well worth the cost.
Past wars cost billions of lives and created a time of great despair.
Past water based habits include lots of sailing, surfing, diving, water skiing, and river rafting.
Past water equals potential microfossils.
Past winner has a solid game when healthy.
Past winners are eligible only in another division.
Past winners are ineligible from reapplying in the same category.
Past winners are ineligible to win again.
Past winners are ineligible.
Past winners are welcome too.
Past winners say their businesses have benefited from participating in the Metro Awards.
Past work includes convergence problems for positive operators.
Past work includes fish, early tetrapods,reptiles, therapsids and archaeopteryx.
Past work includes research on materials applicable to electronic devices.
Past work is located in Pennsylvania, New York, and New England.
Past works have themes of shame, pride, confusion, and sibling rivalry.
Past workers can help identify hazards.
Any Past wrestlers are welcome immediatly.
Any past wrongdoing involving visas and immigration matters can hamper the naturalization process.
Past years are available from the library issue desk, as usual.
Past years are available in limited quantities.
Past years show the marina to be a net expense.
Past yields are no guarantee of future results.
Past yields are the starting point in setting yield goals.
A past is time
Past comes back to haunt.
Past is a faraway country.
Past is called to account.
Past Is Fuzzy.
Past is history, the future is a mystery, only the present is real.
Past is known but inalterable.
Past is now, alas, The.
Past is past, forget it.
Past is past, future is uncertain, only present is in our hands.
Past is past.
Past is present and present past.
Past is present in Peru's highlands.
Past is present in the future.
Past is prologue.
Past is represented by various historical data, such as old maps.
Past is too crucial a terrain to leave it to the religious fundamentalists.
Past is well-being, contentment, and satisfaction.
Past isa period.
Past loves Consider the grooms feeling when thinking of inviting old flames.
Past meets future with computers.
Past puts some of the issues into sharp relief.
Past shows how to treat mental illness.
Pasts are history.
Pasts are memory.
Pasts are part of life.
Pasts are tenses.
Pasts are time periods.
Pasts are time.
Every past is worth condemning.
Pasta dishes are a best bet.
Pasta dishes are a cut above the pizzas.
Pasta dishes are also available for dinners and buffets.
Pasta dishes are down home with no frills, but worthy of a hearty appetite.
Pasta dishes are high profit, filling, and good.
Pasta dishes are plentiful and cheeses are first class, so too is the wine.
Pasta dishes can be meatless but delicious and nourishing.
Pasta dishes come with salad.
Pasta dishes dominate.
Pasta dishes taste great.
All pasta dishes are homemade.
All pasta dishes use our own fresh pasta and are complete with parmesan, unless otherwise stated.
All pasta dishes use our own fresh pasta and are complete with parmesan.
Every pasta dish is made perfectly.
Pasta dough is developed and extruded using an electric driven power screw.
Many pasta makers augment their supply with wheat from the United States or Canada.
Pasta quality is always of utmost importance.
Pasta salad is salad
Pasta salad is salad.
Pasta salads are a pretty popular picnic food.
Pasta salads are a summer favorite.
Pasta salads are a welcome addition to a lunch box.
Pasta salads are versatile.
Pasta salads can be very simple to prepare.
Pasta salads offer the solution as to what to do with cold, left-over pasta.
A pasta sauce is a sauce
Pasta sauce is often more flavorful when the spices have had time to blend with the vegetables.
Pasta sauce is optional.
Pasta sauces are easy too.
Pasta sauces are located in jars.
Pasta shapes are grouped in general categories, such as shaped, tubular, strand, ribbon, or stuffed.
Pasta absorbs liquid as it chills.
Pasta combines well with almost everything.
Pasta comes highly recommended.
Pasta comes in a wide variety of shapes and sizes and is served with many different types of sauce.
Pasta comes in countless forms and with innumerable fillings.
Pasta comes in every conceivable shape and size.
Pasta comes in every shape, size, length and thickness imaginable.
Pasta comes in many different shapes and sizes .
Pasta comes in many different shapes and sizes.
Pasta comes in many shapes and sizes - from orzo to penne to fettuccini.
Pasta comes in many shapes and sizes.
Pasta comes in myriad varieties, from orzo to penne to fettuccini.
Pasta contains fiber.
Pasta contains important vitamins and minerals and is a great source of energy.
Pasta costs less than a dollar per pound.
Pasta features heavily.
Pasta forms a central ingredient in the cooking of most popular italian dishes.
Pasta is a dish
Pasta is available daily but contains eggs.
Pasta is available in every dining hall at dinner.
Pasta is available in hundreds of shapes and sizes.
Pasta is available.
Pasta is dishs.
Pasta is firm.
Pasta is food.
Pasta is good, but nothing too spicy.
Pasta is homemade for the restaurant.
Pasta is in the grain group, which accounts for the bottom level of the food guide pyramid.
Pasta is in the middle.
Pasta is located in boxs.
Pasta is located in italian restaurants.
Pasta is located in pantries.
Pasta is noodles.
Pasta isa matter.
Pasta makes from flour.
Pasta needs plenty of boiling water surrounding it.
Pasta outshines everything else here.
Pasta provides good value for the dollar and dry pasta has a long shelf life.
Pasta ranks with apple pie and pot roast as traditional fare.
Pasta releases a lot of starch as it cooks.
Pasta slips onto the caps lock and slides south.
Pasta standouts The vegetables and plain cheese pasta are standouts.
Pasta takes longer to cook.
Pasta tastes so good in Italy because it's cooked with care and attention to detail.
Pasta tops with creamy sauces.
Pasta tops with sauces.
Pastas account for half the dinner entrees.
Pastas are a dependable choice, too.
Pastas are a good bet.
Pastas are a staple here.
Pastas are all very good.
Pastas are also different in the north and south.
Pastas are also generous and richly seasoned.
Pastas are available as appetizer or entree.
Pastas are available in an appetizer portion.
Pastas are available in full and half portions.
Pastas are consistently better than entrees.
Pastas are delectable, with just enough garlic and oil.
Pastas are delicious, but unexciting.
Pastas are excellent, generous, and cheap.
Pastas are handmade.
Pastas are hot, flavorful, fresh, and generously portioned.
Pastas are light as well, sometimes at the expense of flavor.
Pastas are nice.
Pastas are ordinary but cheap.
Pastas are perhaps the worst route to travel.
Pastas come to life with oregano, thyme basil or chives.
Pastas contain lots of starch.
Pastas range from simple to complex and include vegetarian ones.
Pastas reveal the chef's command of technique and concern with quality.
Pastas rule here, though salads are huge and delicious.
Pastas run from a threecheese ravioli to rigatoni with sausage and mushrooms.
Pastas show up as salads, either tossed with tuna or Asian-style with peanuts and minced carrots.
Pastas star here, as they always have.
Pastas take a global approach.
Pastas tend to be in the California-cuisine vein, overly rich and laden with ingredients.
Pasta always follows.
All pasta includes our house salad or soup of the day .
All pasta is made by essentially the same equipment using the same technology.
All pasta is served with cheese, even the seafood.
All pastas are available as side dishes, at an additional cost.
All pastas are available in half portions.
Most pasta contains fiber.
Most pasta is refined, although a few companies make whole grain spaghetti.
Most pasta makes from flour.
Most pastas are non-meat, vegetables are plentiful, varied, and well cooked.
Some pasta helps energy.
Some pasta is on the way real soon . . .
Some pasta is used in Greek cooking, particularly orzo, which has a distinct rice-grain shape.
Some pastas are also available and the menu offers a great variety for vegetarians.
Some pastas have herbs and seasonings added.
Paste is a composition
Paste is compositions.
Paste is located in cabinets.
Paste is mixture.
Paste isa adhesive.
Pastes are a thicker version of marinades and are an especially good way to flavor fish and seafood.
Pastes are more vicious than ointments and are more difficult to use.
Pastes are water-based products that are quite thick and usually also a bit sticky.
Pastes become coarse and glazes suffer from cracking.
Pastes glue on ticket pads to hold slleets together.
Pastes lists into other documents.
Pastes use calcium carbonate to the same end.
All pastes are free of heavy metals and other environmentally hazardous substances.
Some pastes also contain antibacterial agents in the stripes.
Some pastes contain clove oil, which has no proven value when used in the form of a toothpaste.
Pasteboard boxes are recyclable.
Pasteboard figures wander through a world of excluded middles in cartoonish ways.
Many pastel artists use their fingers to blend pigment.
Pastel bedding adds comfort to the cribs and matching diaper stackers add needed storage space.
Pastel blue is thought to be an experimental color made for special orders or testing on the market.
Pastel checks are available in one-part, duplicate and desk set check formats.
Pastel colors are also romantic.
Pastel colors are common choices for spring weddings.
Pastel colors are easy on the viewer's eye and convey a cool, relaxed image.
Pastel colors are generally acceptable for recycling.
Pastel colors are perfect.
Pastel colors are rich and brilliant and can be applied with a quick, instinctive spirit.
Pastel colors are the most common.
Pastel colors create a warm, cheery atmosphere.
Pastel colors work best.
Pastel colors work very well.
Some pastel colors work well also, or even try a pale gray.
Pastel colour refers to lighter shade of colours e.g. light brown to match the marble floors.
Every pastel company has a full collection of pure, full-strength colors.
Pastel drawings are much more fragile than pen or pencil drawings.
Pastel flowers is available on our full colour range of t-shirts and sweatshirts.
Pastel ones are great for girls because they become a fashion accessory.
Pastel paintings are very fragile.
Pastel paintings reflect light like a prism.
Pastel paper shows less glare and displays on computer screens better than white paper.
Pastel pencils have pastel incased in wood for use in detail work.
Pastel silk embroidered flowers embellish a matching velvet jacket and bonnett.
Pastel stones are bight and sparkling.
Pastel stucco rows of ticky-tacky houses.
Pastel throw features eight of baby's favorite toys.
A pastel is color
Pastel becomes a good friend for that.
Pastel enhances the texture, depth and richness of each landscape's color.
Pastel is a compulsory second-year course in many tertiary institutions.
Pastel is a wonderful medium for the portrait artist.
Pastel is perfect for painting the glory of the seasons.
Pastel is pure pigment.
Pastel is similar, but less tightly bound.
Pastel is the dominant software developer in South Africa.
Pastel is the perfect medium.
Pastel is the single best medium for learning about color.
Pastel parachutes drop from the sky while voyeurs clap politely.
Pastels are a wonderful soft art form and a step towards the more complex painting techniques.
Pastels are a wonderfully blendable color drawing medium.
Pastels are also available.
Pastels are also useful when wishing to create colour.
Pastels are bands.
Pastels are dodgy.
Pastels are drawing.
Pastels are easy to use and are a natural transition from drawing to painting.
Pastels are friendly and soft.
Pastels are great as plain or solid colours for shirts but also as soft stripes on white.
Pastels are important.
Pastels are less saturated colors.
Pastels are light color.
Pastels are light, so it's hard to get dark, rich colors.
Pastels are logical choices for colors.
Pastels are mixed with darker colors while neutrals are combined with more solid, daring colors.
Pastels are one of the simplest artistic media.
Pastels are out and bright colors are in.
Pastels are pure sticks of colour.
Pastels are pure, unadulterated pigment.
Pastels are so beautiful.
Pastels are the biggest sellers.
Pastels are the most versatile, vibrant medium on the planet.
Pastels can weigh heavily on the eye.
Pastels combine the elements of painting and drawing into one medium.
Pastels give a very soft, full, three dimensional look.
Pastels give the viewer a gentler feel, while earth tones are great for a homey, inviting mood.
Pastels Go to . . . .
Pastels have a softness and elegance that seems to be velvet floating on the surface of the page.
Pastels have the stature of oil and watercolor as a major fine art medium.
Pastels is usually too dry to use exclusively on most surfaces.
Pastels look good on just about any one.
Pastels offer color and intimacy, but sacrifice some detail as compared to graphite.
Pastels offers palettes with varying degrees of white added to a wide range of hues.
Pastels powder as easily as chalk, but some colours are susceptible to fading.
Pastels seem to be the most popular.
Pastels showcases schemes with varying degrees of white added to a wide range of hues.
Pastels vary in permanence and in hardness.
Pastels work best for simulating exhaust stains, gun powder residue, and dirt in general.
Pastels work better than more saturated colors.
Any pastel is pretty, soft, and delicate, like a new baby.
Any pastel is white, if they are a little darker, then they are grey.
Pasteles are similar to enchiladas, but filled with vegetables and either tempeh or chicken.
Paster is a workman
Paster maintains a family medicine practice in Oregon, Wisconsin.
Pastern injuries are as probably as dew claw injuries in the working animal.
A pastern is a bone
Pasterns are bones.
Pasterns are flexible and strong, moderately short, and slightly sloping.
Pasterns are heavy and vertical.
Pasterns are heavy, vertical.
Pasterns are long and strong.
Pasterns are long, lean and flexible following the vertical line of the forearm.
Pasterns are long, lean and flexible, following the vertical line of the forearm.
Pasterns are medium length and very slightly sloped.
Pasterns are of medium length, vertical.
Pasterns are short and strong and slightly sloping when viewed from the side.
Pasterns are short, strong and slightly sloping, with no suggestion of weakness.
Pasterns are short, strong and very slightly sloped .
Pasterns are slightly finer in bone but strong, short, and slightly sloping.
Pasterns are straight and short.
Pasterns are straight.
Pasterns are strong and only slightly bent.
Pasterns are strong and only slightly sloped.
Pasterns are strong and slightly sloping.
Pasterns are strong and straight but never knuckled over.
Pasterns are strong with a slight slope.
Pasterns are strong, flexible and slightly sloping.
Pasterns are strong, short and nearly vertical with a slight spring.
Pasterns are strong, short, and slightly sloping.
Pasterns are strong, short, slightly sloping, and with a slight spring.
Pasterns are strong, springy and almost perpendicular to the ground.
Pasterns are strong, wide and long, with a slight slant.
Pasterns are strong, without slope.
Pasterns are strong.
Pasterns are supple and flex freely.
Pasterns are vertical.
Pasterns bow outward.
Pasterns have clean outlines to the ground.
Pasterns show flexibility with a slight slope when viewed from the side.
Pasteurellosis can also cause a nasal discharge, usually a greenish color, as well.
Pasteurellosis can be difficult to treat.
A pasteurisation is sterilisation
Pasteurisation destroys all leptospire organisms excreted in milk.
Pasteurisation is a mild heat treatment which kills pathogens and therefore makes foods safe to eat.
Pasteurisation is a vital process in the dairy industry.
Pasteurisation is especially preferred for extending the keepability of the product.
Pasteurisation kills the bad bacteria but leaves the good bacteria.
Pasteurised milk has to be kept cold throughout the marketing chain.
Pasteurised milk is widely available.
A pasteurization is sterilisation
Pasteurization achieves the same result as boiling, but at a lower temperature.
Pasteurization allows our packaged beer to be shipped and stored without refrigeration.
Pasteurization can destroy some undesirable enzymes and many spoilage bacteria.
Pasteurization causes some irreversible and some temporary denaturization of the proteins in milk.
Pasteurization coagulates sour milk .
Pasteurization destroys bacteria.
Pasteurization destroys food enzymes.
Pasteurization destroys salmonella bacteria.
Pasteurization destroys the acid.
Pasteurization destroys the bacteria in milk that cause tuberculosis.
Pasteurization destroys weed seeds, insects, and disease pathogens in the soil mix.
Pasteurization eliminates that problem.
Pasteurization employs the concept of equivalent treatments .
Pasteurization has no significant effect on milk's nutritional value.
Pasteurization increases the shelf life of cider from two to three weeks to four to six weeks.
Pasteurization is a function of time and temperature.
Pasteurization is a heat process used to destroy all disease-causing microbes.
Pasteurization is a heat treatment of milk to destroy pathogenic bacteria that cause human disease.
Pasteurization is a mild heating process that kills pathogenic micro-organisms in milk.
Pasteurization is a process in which raw milk is exposed to heat in order to kill bacteria.
Pasteurization is a process to destroy harmful bacteria and fungi.
Pasteurization is a process which keeps perishable liquids from spoiling quickly.
Pasteurization is a viral inactivation process that has been used for more than one hundred years.
Pasteurization is by far the most reliable safeguard.
Pasteurization is done in our laboratory using a closed but otherwise unpressurized autoclave.
Pasteurization is more expensive and tends to alter the flavor.
Pasteurization is necessary to kill the bacteria.
Pasteurization is particularly important when using apples that have dropped from the trees.
Pasteurization is racist.
Pasteurization is the other great factor in improvement.
Pasteurization is the process of heating food to a temperature that kills most harmful bacteria.
Pasteurization is the universally accepted process of killing harmful microorganisms with heat.
Pasteurization is the use of mild heat to reduce the number of microorganisms in a product or food.
Pasteurization is used to kill microscopic organisms in liquids like milk , wine , and beer .
Pasteurization is used to kill microscopic organisms in liquids like milk, wine, and beer.
Pasteurization kills cows on green pastures.
Pasteurization kills farmers.
Pasteurization kills friendly bacteria.
Pasteurization kills harmful levels of bacteria commonly found in food.
Pasteurization kills harmful levels of bacteria.
Pasteurization kills the bacteria.
Pasteurization kills the organisms that cause disease without destroying the milk.
Pasteurization leads to arthritis is a false claim.
Pasteurization leads to arthritis.
Pasteurization means boiling the medium in water.
Pasteurization protects the purity and flavor of milk.
Pasteurization protects the quality and taste of the juice.
Pasteurization retards the ripening of cheese.
Pasteurizations are sterilization.
Pasteurized cider has a longer shelf life and has no harmful bacteria.
Pasteurized cider maintains flavor more satisfactorily if held at refrigerated temperature.
Pasteurized crabmeat is convenient and easy to use.
Pasteurized dairy causes varying degrees of osteoporosis and dental caries.
Pasteurized eggs are available in some markets and are safe to use raw.
Pasteurized eggs are now available in some retail grocery stores in the refrigerated section.
Pasteurized eggs are to be used for scrambled, omelets, French toast.
Pasteurized fats become lipid oxides which are known carcinogens.
Pasteurized litter passes into a hammer mill where it is reduced to the consistency of fine sand.
Pasteurized meat is firmer and darker than fresh crab meat.
Pasteurized milk is milk
Pasteurized milk is milk.
Pasteurized milk is safe for consumption.
Pasteurized milk is the base for ice cream, yogurt and certain beverages, as well as cheese.
Pastiche art abounds.
A pastiche is work of art
Pastiches Here are links to some of the pastiches that can be found on the web.
Pastik soils are coarse-silty.
A pastille is a lozenge
Pastilles offer better product flow and greatly reduce dust generation.
Pastime is diversion.
Pastime is recreation
Pastimes are good for the social fabric, too.
Pastimes is available for fundraising.
Most pastimes are good indicators of where a person's strengths lie.
Most pastimes take stock in tradition, and the world of a bowling purist is no different.
A pastor is a clergyman
Pastor also plans to update the properties' slot inventory.
Pastor are elders, the elder of the church that they oversee.
Pastor are humans, too.
Pastor begins to eat bread and participants also.
Pastor consistently comes into service over an hour after the service has started.
Pastor currently has no place else to run.
Pastor emphasizes leadership, care for, protection, support, correction.
Pastor gives a short talk during our opening worship.
Pastor Goede to provide more details in coming days.
Pastor invites On The Go to learn about their outreach programs and needs.
Pastor invites the audience to be seated.
Pastor is a member of the committee.
Pastor is an Australian gentleman who is a very good speaker.
Pastor is excited about the start of school and a unified faculty.
Pastor is on vacation.
Pastor is one gift of many.
Pastor is our excellent teacher.
Pastor is the Greek word for shepherd.
Pastor is the Latin word for shepherd.
Pastor Let also sings.
Pastor loves preaching and personal evangelism.
Pastor moves up on platform.
Pastor needs housing at a congregation in a poor area with a related primary health care project.
Pastor opposes women candidates.
Pastor pays particular attention to the words of the story.
Pastor promotes children's ministry.
Pastor regularly attends meeting at Las Vegas and Atlantic City.
Pastor regularly attends meetings at Las Vegas and Atlantic City.
Pastor returns from an annual national gathering of their denomination.
Pastor seems to run everything.
Pastor stands next to church construction site.
Pastor teaches verse by verse online.
Pastor wears scuba gear.
Pastor Welcome to our Website.
Pastors accuse others of 'sheep-stealing'.
Pastors actually go out on police calls.
Pastors also pay fees each month to supplement the school's budget.
Pastors also run out of ideas for vacations.
Pastors are a priority.
Pastors are afraid of addressing the killing of the unborn from the pulpit.
Pastors are almost as guilty of resigning from learning as everyone else.
Pastors are also administrators.
Pastors are always welcome at our meetings.
Pastors are available for counsel as needed.
Pastors are big enough to take care of themselves.
Pastors are but undershepherds.
Pastors are by no means perfect.
Pastors are capable of falling into sin as much as anyone else.
Pastors are equippers and the lay people are ministers.
Pastors are financially better off owning their own homes.
Pastors are honorable gifts placed in our lives for the benefit of the Kingdom of God.
Pastors are human beings.
Pastors are in the business of changing people's lives forever.
Pastors are mentors of holy living.
Pastors are missional leaders.
Pastors are most often the top of the hierarchy of local assemblies.
Pastors are no exception.
Pastors are often experts at guilt-motivation.
Pastors are often the cause of the very problems they see and deplore in the church.
Pastors are often the first one families in trouble turn to.
Pastors are often tired.
Pastors are people too.
Pastors are physicians of souls.
Pastors are positive about their effectiveness in ministry.
Pastors are probably the most underrated groups of change agents today.
Pastors are prone to the loneliness and discouragement that come with the toughest job on earth.
Pastors are readers.
Pastors are real people.
Pastors are responsible to see that their duties are fulfilled in their absence.
Pastors are some of the worst.
Pastors are sometimes confused about how to respond.
Pastors are special targets of the enemy.
Pastors are the equippers and the people are the ministers.
Pastors are the key to reaching the city.
Pastors are the key to teaching biblical equality.
Pastors are the men of learning, the men of understanding.
Pastors are the most unselfish people.
Pastors are the people responsible for the local church.
Pastors are the shepherds being spoken of here.
Pastors are the single most occupationally frustrated professionals in America.
Pastors are to be a sacrificial elite to be sure, but an elite nonetheless.
Pastors are to lead, to teach, to equip members for service.
Pastors are treasure hunters.
Pastors are under great pressure to be all things to all people.
Pastors are under increasingly tough demands to be all and do all in their churches.
Pastors are under stress, too.
Pastors are united.
Pastors are very neglected, tired, and lonely people.
Pastors are welcome to participate in training at no additional cost to the congregation.
Pastors are, by nature, realists who know the reality of pain and sin.
Pastors ask such questions frequently.
Pastors automatically become members of the church.
Pastors avoid witnessing for various reasons.
Pastors begin functioning as chaplains or caretakers of self-contained congregations.
Pastors blame the farm economy.
Pastors can accept or decline nonmember requests.
Pastors can also earn credits through some correspondence courses.
Pastors can be as open-minded as the rest of the culture.
Pastors can be instrumental in helping an individual become a more active part of the church.
Pastors can be visible in our schools without violating anyone's constitutional rights.
Pastors can be woefully insensitive to the demands made upon their lay leaders.
Pastors can brighten sermons with anecdotes and examples they find on the Internet.
Pastors can build equity.
Pastors can communicate directly with missionaries, as well as with like-minded pastors.
Pastors can help people to deal with their fears and hopes.
Pastors can lead the biblical and theological renewal of the church.
Pastors can lift up the concerns of the neighborhood in prayer.
Pastors can only visit in the hospital if they are told that people are there.
Pastors can refer people to LifeCARE for follow-up regarding their needs.
Pastors can transfer conferences.
Pastors can upgrade their education and skills.
Pastors can work with key church leaders who are open or able to be open to change.
Pastors cater to the perceived needs and feelings of their parishioners.
Pastors come and go often leaving under a cloud.
Pastors come to observe.
Pastors commonly work long hours, often attending weekend and night meetings.
Pastors continue to come to campus to recruit students to serve in their churches.
Pastors cooperate in their own emasculation.
Pastors develop real relationships.
Pastors do all the ministering, and most of the members are passive.
Pastors do have credibility.
Pastors do more than preach and celebrate the sacraments.
Pastors don t want another layer of administration.
Pastors end up serving as CEOs at best, and common employees at worst.
Pastors face a tension.
Pastors feed, lead, superintend, and watch over it.
Pastors feel constrained.
Pastors feel pressure to act like businessmen whose goal is to attract the most customers.
Pastors feel that their success depends on symbols of worthiness.
Pastors feel there are various reasons they become a target of zoning officials.
Pastors get interested after a decision is made.
Pastors give consistently and constantly.
Pastors go onto candidate status for a variety of reasons.
Pastors have a difficult job, especially in our fellowship the last few years.
Pastors have a habit of books.
Pastors have a hard time explaining it.
Pastors have a shepherd heart to care for the wounded.
Pastors have a tremendous impact on their congregations.
Pastors have a very separate agenda.
Pastors have different gifts - on purpose.
Pastors have little formal training in theology and no Bible study materials.
Pastors have many things to do.
Pastors have no means of transportation.
Pastors have no skills to supplement what income the churches can provide.
Pastors have special training, special titles, and special ordination to ministry.
Pastors have specific responsibilities.
Pastors have such an awesome responsibility.
Pastors have their own worries.
Pastors have to be committed enough to the church to ride it through.
Pastors have to do their homework, too.
Pastors have to read the Bible in public.
Pastors have to respect the intelligence and maturity of their parishioners.
Pastors have to spend hours each week interceding for the members of their flock.
Pastors have to study a subject for many hours before they can preach one sermon.
Pastors here are worried about racial tension escalating in the wake of the shooting.
Pastors hope the church's style helps draw more worshipers.
Pastors invite speakers for special occasions.
Pastors is for comments on issues of pastoral practice.
Pastors know pastors.
Pastors lead their flock into greater obedience.
Pastors live in precarious positions.
Pastors love the sound of people flipping pages.
Pastors make all the required statements concerning their work and activities.
Pastors meet with their accountability groups.
Pastors nearing retirement tend to be consigned back into small churches.
Pastors normally have no pastor.
Pastors ought to be continual learners.
Pastors preach funeral sermons pondering loss.
Pastors preside at funerals.
Pastors proclaim that divorce is too common.
Pastors provide the instruction.
Pastors realize that part of their calling is to be content whatever their circumstances.
Pastors remain the spiritual vanguard for the Kingdom of God.
Pastors rule over the church.
Pastors say the choice unfortunately places the athlete in the middle.
Pastors see it all.
Pastors seem to prepare carefully for ceremonies.
Pastors serve as examples and models.
Pastors serve multiple congregations, sometimes as many as a dozen or more.
Pastors serve somewhat like orchestra conductors.
Pastors spend long periods working alone in their office with their computer every week.
Pastors submit to the flock.
Pastors suffer, churches suffer, and districts suffer.
Pastors talk more openly than they used to about salary and benefits.
Pastors tell district superintendents and bishops what they want to hear.
Pastors tend to be acquainted with too many people but know too few people.
Pastors tend to follow the calendar and denominational programs.
Pastors testify to having received a fresh evangelistic anointing.
Pastors tolerate it.
Pastors use the tapes widely, as effective tools for evangelizing and teaching.
Pastors walk in fear.
Pastors weep over the lack of response within their congregations.
Pastors work hard on their sermons- many hours that their parishoners never see.
Pastors work with dysfunctional people, including leaders, who carry scars from fractured lives.
Pastors often ask about the amount needed to meet expenses when visiting their churches.
Pastors often confuse their job as being the fourth person of the trinity.
Pastors often exert community leadership in the moral and public policy arenas.
Pastors often find themselves in an uncomfortable position regarding the subject of music.
Pastors often try to be all things to all people which can often be a dangerous thing.
Pastors often work six days each week with few weekends free.
Pastors sometimes accept appointments in other conferences.
Pastors sometimes play advisory roles, but usually when they are an 'expert' in a field.
Pastors usually serve a longer period, but also by vote of the congregation.
All pastors are welcome.
All pastors have an equal status.
All pastors know the pain of ministering to people when death pays a call.
Every pastor can learn something from any preacher.
Every pastor gets a constant series of calls.
Every pastor is encouraged to be at camp helping in some capacity unless providentially hindered.
Every pastor is interested in medical science.
Every pastor needs a good wife and disciplined children.
Every Pastor Needs a Pastor .
Every pastor needs a principled plan for dealing with extramarital affairs.
Every pastor needs feedback.
Every pastor needs help at some point.
Every pastor needs to be encouraged at times.
Many pastors also serve as principals of church-run schools.
Many pastors can scarcely accommodate the extra holiday weeks.
Many pastors do a lot of writing.
Many pastors don t expect much to happen in small churches either.
Many pastors face seemingly never-ending demands on their time.
Many pastors have friends in the church.
Many pastors have the image of being agents of change in their congregations.
Many pastors plan their work by the clock.
Many pastors pray regularly for members of their congregations.
Many pastors remain in their hard situation, having no retreat, no alternatives.
Many pastors remember spending long hours on research projects for college Bible classes.
Many pastors say charitable giving of any kind can be considered a part of someone's tithe.
Many pastors see stewardship appeals as self-serving.
Many pastors simply throw up their hands in despair, feeling they can never get a handle on it.
Many pastors take one or more board members along to conferences and seminars they attend.
Many pastors take pride in the way that their church is growing.
Many pastors teach that the ten commandments are to be kept.
Many pastors wonder why there is no life in their church.
Most pastors already write a column for their monthly newsletter.
Most pastors are afraid to speak the truth in love even.
Most pastors are also familiar with grief.
Most pastors are color-blind.
Most pastors are on the inside of congregational life.
Most pastors are solo operators.
Most pastors are too controlling, too inflexible, too much in charge.
Most pastors are very familiar with the trouble people can get themselves into.
Most pastors can master a certain church size or type and lead for a chapter.
Most pastors feel guilty reading - at least outside sermon preparation.
Most pastors feel isolated and have few close friends.
Most pastors feel sure-handed ministering to one or maybe two groups.
Most pastors feel they are fairly paid .
Most pastors give up study first, then prayer usually follows.
Most pastors have difficulty negotiating a raise .
Most pastors have pensions.
Most pastors have.
Most pastors intercede for local and national leaders.
Most pastors know the passages that condemn homosexual behavior.
Most pastors love when people ask questions.
Most pastors make a lot more, with fewer headaches.
Most pastors move often.
Most pastors send their children to government schools as well.
Most pastors take on the challenge of encouraging the saints in service.
Most pastors understand that their role is spiritual, and politics is secular.
Most pastors work at some other job from time to time to help finances.
Some pastors appear accessible in the pulpit.
Some pastors are hesitant about releasing their lay people to do the work of the ministry.
Some pastors are online and doing church business from their own personal computers.
Some pastors are unable to speak with clarity and integrity about money.
Some pastors are, by self-designation, Bible teachers.
Some pastors avoid talking about money because they're afraid of turning people off.
Some pastors avoid the subject.
Some pastors do almost no visitation.
Some pastors find delegation difficult.
Some pastors find the home visit a huge personal risk.
Some pastors have more than enough to do.
Some pastors have skills for church- planting and then prefer to move on.
Some pastors invite married priests to do weddings, baptisms, funerals, homilies, etc.
Some pastors live at a bare minimum.
Some pastors never teach about it at all, oddly enough.
Some pastors pitch a tent and cook their meals over a bonfire.
Some pastors preach anything but good news.
Some pastors regulate for the parish too.
Some pastors save sinners.
Some pastors see political involvement as a necessary supplement to their preaching duties.
Some pastors seem to doubt their call, yet their call is patently obvious to everyone else.
Some pastors think so.
Some pastors try to break a culture and force change abruptly.
Some pastors try to do the same thing when starting a small group ministry.
Some pastors use pocket editions in their visitation.
Some pastors write a full manuscript, but go to the pulpit with only an outline and notes .
Pastoral activity is truly fruitful only in contemplation.
Pastoral activity supplements a primitive form of agriculture.
Pastoral agriculture is by far New Zealand's biggest industry.
Pastoral approval is required.
Pastoral areas support highest densities of emus.
Pastoral assistance can enable conflicts to evolve into teaching and welcoming occasions.
Pastoral authority needs to be exercised to judge such activities.
Pastoral care includes assistance with religious, personal, marriage and family problems.
Pastoral care includes providing prayer, counseling, sacramental services and worship.
Pastoral care is a joint responsibility of the college staff and the tutors.
Pastoral care is a significant part of total, integrated health care.
Pastoral care is all inclusive - such that every person in the church feels a part.
Pastoral care is at the very heart of congregational life.
Pastoral care is available for spiritual counseling.
Pastoral care is available to anyone.
Pastoral care is expressed through the personal commitment of all staff to each student.
Pastoral care is extended to our students in a caring way that makes a small campus personal.
Pastoral care is provided to nursing homes, hospitals, correction facilities and for the homebound.
Pastoral care is rooted in 'caritas' or the charism of charity.
Pastoral care is seen as an integral part of the overall care of body, mind and spirit.
Pastoral care is very relevant today.
Pastoral care is viewed as both personal and communal, a ministry of pastoral and lay leaders.
Pastoral care provides spiritual counseling and support.
Pastoral care respects the personal rights and confidences of each individual.
All pastoral care is given under the normal assurances of clerical confidentiality.
Pastoral charity is realized in apostolic assignments in the local area one day a week.
Pastoral concerns center on relationships, emotions, perspectives and self-image.
All pastoral consultation is confidential.
Pastoral councils possess a consultative vote only.
Some pastoral councils try to get by with quarterly meetings.
Pastoral counseling brings wholeness and healing into broken relationships.
Pastoral counseling has many meanings, covering a host of professional interactions.
Pastoral counseling is a big part of a clergyperson's day.
Pastoral counseling is also available from our ministerial staff.
Pastoral counseling is also available to students upon request.
Pastoral counseling is also available.
Pastoral counseling is available for our congregation and the surrounding community.
Pastoral counseling is available through congregations, agencies, and institutions.
Pastoral counseling is offered and given upon request.
Pastoral counseling is one avenue of support.
Pastoral counseling is provided based on each patient's preference.
Pastoral counseling is the work of all the chaplains.
Pastoral counseling plays a vital part in helping people confronted by radical change.
Pastoral counseling provides an overview of the task and a general approach for pastoral counselors.
Pastoral counseling represents a paradigm for preventive mental health care.
Pastoral counselors are mental health professionals who are trained in both psychology and theology.
Pastoral counselors can often be helpful.
Pastoral counselors relate to and cooperate with other professional persons in their community.
Pastoral counselors work with all persons.
Pastoral couples share fully in the missionary lifestyle.
Some pastoral couples run open door manses while others choose to preserve their privacy.
Pastoral effectiveness is a responsibility of leadership.
Pastoral experience is helpful if based on a growth agent model.
Pastoral experience shows that children are often subjected to poor liturgical experiences.
Pastoral families are like a different lifestyle.
Pastoral farms specialise in rearing animals.
Pastoral farmers are still essentially conservative in their methods.
Pastoral formation aids the student in becoming a priest with a well-rounded pastoral outlook.
Pastoral formation is the main emphasis of our seminary program.
Pastoral idylls are no longer our dream, they seem boring.
Pastoral images can create that nostalgic ambiance of a distant land or a lost way of life.
Pastoral landscapes attract tourists.
Pastoral leaders circulate from denomination to denomination depending on convenience.
Pastoral leaders say the land has been taken illegally.
Pastoral leadership deems it best to have men come in support as gentlemen.
Pastoral leadership is critical to vital, alive congregations.
Pastoral leadership is essential to the spiritual health of every congregation.
Pastoral ministry comes then from shepherding as a model.
Pastoral ministry encompasses all aspects of our life.
Pastoral ministry is available to all of our parishioners.
Pastoral ministry is, in many ways, very similar to marketplace-type work.
Pastoral nomads breed animals for food and move in search of pasture and water.
Pastoral operations are generally on a smaller scale than in other districts.
Pastoral oversight is a privilege and a trust.
Pastoral planning is future-oriented.
Pastoral planning is the best task to which councils are suited.
Pastoral prayer is of course empty without practical pastoral service.
Pastoral prayer is therefore a question of the ministers obedience.
Many pastoral psychotherapists have a sliding fee scale.
Pastoral references are available upon request.
Pastoral scenes interspersed with occasional timber stands are common along the river.
Any pastoral search is a lengthy process.
Pastoral services are available on-site to help and aid both residents and family members.
Most pastoral societies move regularly in search of new grazing land for their animals.
Pastoral support is another critical factor.
Pastoral support understands the special needs of graduates and other mature students.
Pastoral theology deals with worship, education, administration, and writing sermons.
Pastoral vocation is the unique call that pastoral ministry entails.
Pastoral work is almost impossible, according to the priest.
Pastoral approaches Save if possible.
Pastoral is a letter
A pastorale is a piece
Pastorale portrays a wonderful setting that soothes.
Most pastoralist groups go through several defined stages as they pass through life.
Pastores quidnam vidistis, annunciate nobis in terris.
Pastry bags are among the most useful and versatile tools of the kitchen.
Pastry chefs are really chefs, only smarter.
Pastry chefs prepare the dough in the evening to have it ready the next morning.
Most pastry chefs have good noses and a hunch about what is olfactorily correct.
Some pastry chefs combine butter with lard to achieve a balance of flavor and flakiness.
Pastry cream is a staple in the pastry kitchen.
All pastry creams are just about the same except for added flavorings.
Pastry dough is dough
Pastry dough is rolled out thinly and used as a base for baked products .
Pastry dough is rolled out thinly and used as a base for baked products.
Pastry dough is simply tiny clumps of fat surrounded by flour and held together with water.
Pastries also are top-notch.
Pastries are a distant memory due to lack of surplus butter and milk.
Pastries are also a specialty, as are Portuguese wine and port.
Pastries are another Dutch specialty.
Pastries are available in the morning.
Pastries are available.
Pastries are cheap and good.
Pastries are dessert that are severed for special occasions and after a meal.
Pastries are for women.
Pastries are freshly baked daily.
Pastries are homemade.
Pastries are readily available in the shops together with chocolates and Dutch liquorice.
Pastries are special due to the fact each one tastes and looks different.
Pastries are to be eaten with creme and a love of light fluffiness.
Pastries complete the picture, though regulars have been known to chew the coffee itself.
Pastries made with poppy seeds finish the meal or make sweet snacks anytime of day.
Pastries travel in fancy little boxes.
Pastry comes out of the oven slightly puffy.
Pastry contains calories.
Pastry fills with butters.
Pastry fills with cream.
Pastry fills with vanilla ice cream.
Pastry is a good example of artistic endeavor undertaken in a business environment.
Pastry is a relatively exact science and the volume measure of cups is very inaccurate.
Pastry is also the name given to various kinds of baked products .
Pastry is also the name given to various kinds of baked products.
Pastry is cereals.
Pastry is delicate and petite and a little goes a long way.
Pastry is dessert.
Pastry is dough
Pastry is dough.
Pastry is easier to work with when chilled.
Pastry is food.
Pastry is high in calories and fat.
Pastry is nice and flaky.
Pastry is probably the greatest challenge.
Pastry is so technical.
Pastry isa dough.
Pastry requires just the right amount of handling to be perfect.
Most pastry contains calories.
Some pastry contains peanuts.
Some pastry fills with meat.
Some pastry serves with tea.
Pasture benchmarks are for high quality pasture of average density.
Pasture bison are typically calm, easygoing, gamboling animals.
Pasture board includes daily checks and supplementary hay, as needed.
Pasture borders creek, great set-up for horses or livestock.
Pasture breeding continues as an accepted breeding method recognized by many breed registries.
Pasture condition is exceptional in most areas and water supplies are sufficient.
Pasture condition is poor due to drought and cold.
Pasture condition is short.
Pasture conditions are also good throughout the country.
Pasture conditions are excellent, with heavy growth.
Pasture conditions are fair to good and are improving after the recent rains.
Pasture conditions are poor and getting worse.
Pasture conditions are very good.
Pasture conditions continue to decline due to lack of rain.
Pasture conditions continue to decline, and many cattlemen have begun feeding hay.
Pasture conditions continue to improve.
Pasture conditions continue to slip and hay feeding is already being used to supplement grazing.
Pasture conditions provide an indication of both potential demand and production.
Pasture conditions range from fair to good.
Pasture conditions remain good in most parts of the country.
Pasture conditions vary due to scattered showers.
Pasture contamination results in diseases.
Pasture diversity can be important from a spatial perspective as well.
Pasture establishment follows a tomato crop.
Pasture establishment is the first cost that comes to mind.
Pasture expense is based on the cost of establishing one acre of small grain grazing.
Pasture fences are three and four wire all in good condition.
Pasture fertilization is one of the most expensive costs in beef production.
Most pasture fields have good or fair vegetation cover.
Pasture grass is extremely short.
Pasture grass is in short supply as well.
Pasture grasses compete with ever-increasing numbers of creosotebush and mesquite bushes.
Some pasture grass has nutrition.
Some pasture grass has proper nutrition.
Pasture growth is also slower than normal.
Pasture growth is fair to good.
Pasture growth is good, but cattle are being kept off in many areas because of wet conditions.
Pasture growth is good.
Pasture growth is very seasonal and stock lose weight in the dry season.
Pasture growth varies markedly throughout the region, depending on rainfall.
Pasture horses can quickly become overweight or founder from too much lush pasture.
Most pasture horses are healthier, stronger, and more fit than a stall kept horse.
Pasture improvement is relevant for both large grazing enterprises and small area holdings.
More pasture insects are likely to be eaten by birds in areas where woodland is adjacent to pasture.
Pasture land consists of grassy areas for feeding livestock.
Pasture land consists of grassy areas for raising and feeding livestock.
Pasture land is also available.
Pasture legumes are subterranean clover, annual medics and yellow serradella.
Pasture livestock is an excellent example of sustainable agriculture.
Pasture loopers can also cause a problem if they are present in large numbers in pastures.
Pasture management has a much greater influence on forage quality than mixture type.
Pasture management is critical in preventing parasite problems.
Pasture management is different than other aspects of farming.
Pasture management is really plant root and crown management and depends upon leaf management.
Pasture management is the control of pasture grazing by all animals.
Pasture management plays a key part in worm control.
Pasture management prevents weed poisoning.
Some pasture mixture contains legumes.
Pasture plants are bermudagrass and klein grass.
Pasture plants have high energy and protein contents until they begin to flower, or heat out.
Pasture plantings are an important part of our dairy management.
Pasture poisoning remains the most likely source for toxicosis.
Pasture production declines with later planting dates.
Pasture production is generally poor but regional impact likely to be low due to low stock numbers.
Pasture productivity can vary widely from that guideline.
Pasture quality continues to decline due to lack of moisture.
Pasture renovation improves conception rates as well as cattle gains.
Pasture rotation is another effective management technique.
Pasture seed is exported to Africa, Asia, Europe, USA, South America and the Middle East.
Pasture silage is an alternative supplement for summer, but high quality is a pre-requisite.
Pasture size is influenced by the number of days of rest needed between successive grazings.
Pasture soils are a terrific biological filter to recover nutrients passing through the soil.
Pasture soils are fairly deep with gradual slopes, medium-textured with some rocks or gravel.
Pasture soils have higher pH levels because of the ash deposited after forest vegetation is burned.
Some pasture species are less drought tolerant than others.
Pasture spelling can help to maintain a vigorous pasture and reduce fireweed establishment.
Pasture technology is well developed.
Pasture thistle has a discoid capitulum.
Pasture trees are high perches above the herbaceous level.
Pasture type is very important because of the differences in fibre content of different species.
Pasture usage covers almost any foraging species from cattle, horses, sheep, etc.
Pasture values are strong when compared with cropland - especially near urban areas.
Pasture affects on water intake.
Pasture grows under widely spaced pines and after clearfelling.
Pasture includes woodland pastured and pasture land other than cropland pasture.
Pasture is abundant and no major livestock disease has been reported so far.
Pasture is all iced in already.
Pasture is difficult to determine, particularly if it is a native grass or permanent pasture.
Pasture is dominated by grass.
Pasture is dominated by plants.
Pasture is dominated by tame grass.
Pasture is fields.
Pasture is grassland
Pasture is grassland.
Pasture is high in energy, protein, and palatability when it is in a vegetative state.
Pasture is less expensive in some areas and far more expensive in other areas.
Pasture is like that - no two ways about it.
Pasture is located in countrysides.
Pasture is mainly bermudagrass or bahiagrass.
Pasture is mainly bermudagrass, bahiagrass, and small grains.
Pasture is native grass and some brome.
Pasture is no exception.
Pasture is nonexistent.
Pasture is often part of a crop rotation or a permanent use of land too difficult to till.
Pasture is part of countries.
Pasture is succulent and readily digested.
Pasture is the better place but many times it is necessary to calve in confinement.
Pasture is very brittle and dry.
Pasture is very poor and the timber, mainly chestnut, oak and pine, attains to a considerable size.
Pasture isa grassland.
Pasture provides habitats.
Pasture provides pheasant habitats.
Pasture provides the basic nutrient requirement for the ewes throughout the year.
Pasture receives no fertilizer input, but does receive manure inputs from pastured animals.
Pasture represents a major portion of the herds forage program.
Pasture tends to be high in energy and protein when it is in a vegetative state.
Pasture towers The following pasture towers have been identified.
Pasture varies greatly from one area to the next, depending on climate and soil conditions.
Pasture varies tremendously throughout the country and with the seasons.
Pastures are abundant and of good quality, notably in Mauritania.
Pastures are abundant and of good quality.
Pastures are abundant and water points are well replenished.
Pastures are abundant both in the Sahelian and Sudanian zones.
Pastures are abundant countrywide and the pest situation is calm.
Pastures are abundant countrywide.
Pastures are abundant following above normal rains in the Sahelian zone.
Pastures are abundant in the region.
Pastures are abundant.
Pastures are adequate countrywide.
Pastures are adequate.
Pastures are also dry in Arizona and Oregon.
Pastures are an important part of most small-farm operations.
Pastures are at risk of major pugging damage.
Pastures are bahiagrass and improved bermudagrass.
Pastures are brown and short.
Pastures are dormant due to dry weather.
Pastures are dry and overgrazed.
Pastures are dry and slow growing in most areas.
Pastures are dry, and grazing value is poor.
Pastures are dry.
Pastures are essential for a farm-flock operator.
Pastures are extremely short.
Pastures are fair to good .
Pastures are generally abundant.
Pastures are generally bahiagrass or bermudagrass.
Pastures are generally good.
Pastures are generally poor and hay yields are well down.
Pastures are generally satisfactory.
Pastures are good in the south, and improving in the centre and north.
Pastures are good to excellent in the sudanian zone and generally satisfactory in the sahelian zone.
Pastures are good to excellent.
Pastures are good.
Pastures are green and farmers are well paid and loved.
Pastures are green and stock tanks are full.
Pastures are green, and grass is growing.
Pastures are green.
Pastures are in fair condition.
Pastures are in fine condition and cattle never gained more rapidly.
Pastures are in good condition but have water runoff over the whole area.
Pastures are in good condition.
Pastures are in good shape and continuing to improve.
Pastures are in good shape.
Pastures are in poor condition with supplemental feeding in full swing.
Pastures are in poor conditions.
Pastures are in very poor condition.
Pastures are larger fenced areas which have been cleared of trees and planted with grass.
Pastures are mainly bermudagrass and bahiagrass.
Pastures are mainly common and coastal bermudagrass.
Pastures are mainly improved bermudagrass and bahiagrass.
Pastures are plentiful and stock are in excellent condition.
Pastures are plentiful in most areas but the cold conditions have hampered pasture growth.
Pastures are ponds, and the rivers are taking over roads and homes.
Pastures are poor to fair in most parts of the county.
Pastures are poor.
Pastures are ready and the push for more cattle is on, driving prices up.
Pastures are short but have generally supplied enough to get by without much hay feeding so far.
Pastures are short or grazed off.
Pastures are short, brown and overgrazed.
Pastures are short.
Pastures are similar in terrain and predominantly composed of a fescue-based pasture.
Pastures are still short in the dryer areas of the state.
Pastures are subject to many potentially harmful toxic plants.
Pastures are tight with low final dry matter.
Pastures are to be fenced off to prevent grazing.
Pastures are typical for the winter period, having hayed off but are of high quality and quantity.
Pastures are usually the most popular spots for forages.
Pastures are very dry and short.
Pastures are very dry.
Pastures are very good, but baling hay has ceased due to rains.
Pastures are very poor to good.
Pastures are weedy with low protein grasses and no legumes.
Pastures can be beneficial for a variety of wildlife species if properly managed.
Pastures can be irrigationd and fertilized after each grazing period if desired.
Pastures can be the staple in the food chain if planned in the beginning .
Pastures can consist of one or more species.
Pastures can include any mixture of grasses, legumes, brush, and trees.
Pastures can t get green enough for grazing without sunlight being able to hit the ground.
Pastures contain a diverse mix of plant species.
Pastures contain a mix of orchardgrass, bluegrass and white clover.
Pastures continue to be drought stressed.
Pastures continue to be dry with little forage regrowth.
Pastures continue to be stressed by dry soil conditions.
Pastures continue to decline.
Pastures continue to develop.
Pastures continue to green up.
Pastures continue to grow shower to shower.
Pastures continue to improve.
Pastures continue to show rapid growth due to ideal weather conditions.
Pastures continue to show signs of drought stress.
Pastures continue to show the stress from the late spring.
Pastures continue to stay green with fall growth.
Pastures cover much of the area outside the forested gorges.
Pastures dry up, leaving nothing for animals to eat, and they die.
Pastures Fall armyworms continue to cause problems in pastures and are occurring in large numbers.
Pastures form a good percentage of the land in Jamaica.
Pastures have access to shelter and automatic waterers and horses are grained daily.
Pastures have little to no grazing available.
Pastures look good.
Pastures look very healthy due to rain.
Pastures make possible a good swine sanitation and disease control program.
Pastures occupy the creek bottoms which are too wet and the ridges which are too stony to plow.
Pastures previously grazed by adult cows are relatively safe for heifers.
Pastures produce three horses per month, up to a maximum of twenty horses in the pasture.
Pastures provide a cheap source of food and require a small investment in time and labor.
Pastures provide very little or no feed considering the time of year.
Pastures range from native grasses to mixtures of timothy, brome, and alfalfa to forage rape.
Pastures remain adequate countrywide and the level of water reserves is satisfactory.
Pastures remain dormant.
Pastures remain extremely dry and brittle.
Pastures remain in mid-summer dormancy.
Pastures remain in poor condition.
Pastures remain insufficient in coastal areas.
Pastures remain stressed.
Pastures require fertilizer and lime regularly in order to produce large quantities of forage.
Pastures require regular applications of fertilisers containing phosphate and potash.
Pastures stand beyond their grasses high and green.
Pasture always becomes stale to the animal before people can see it.
All pasture have underground water and electricity sources to tub stations.
All pastures have underground water to tub stations.
Any pasture is greener.
Every pasture needs a break to re- grow, recover, and be fertilized.
Every pasture needs a break to re-grow, recover, and be fertilized.
Many pastures are dry and production is short.
Many pastures have fence rows full of potentially poisonous plants.
Most pasture is dominated by grass.
Most pasture is dominated by plants.
Most pasture is dominated by tame grass.
Most pasture provides habitats.
Most pasture provides pheasant habitats.
Most pastures are filled with weeds that horses are more than happy to consume.
Most pastures have a full-time manager overseeing their operation.
Most pastures look very good.
Most pastures support tall fescue and white clover.
Some pasture contains buttercups.
Some pasture contains clover.
Some pasture contains giant buttercups.
Some pasture contains legumes.
Some pasture contains stand water.
Some pasture contains sweet clover.
Some pasture contains water.
Some pasture contains white clover.
Some pasture has conservation values.
Some pasture has effects.
Some pasture has intermediate values.
Some pasture has numbers.
Some pasture has positive effects.
Some pasture has values.
Some pasture is part of backwoodses.
Some pasture is part of countrysides.
Some pasture is part of farmland.
Some pastures also show damage from nema todes.
Some pastures consist of a number of populations of different species or cultivars.
Some pastures have very little growth and livestock are being supplemented with hay.
Pastureland is grassland
Pastureland is limited in the country.
Pastureland is scarce and women and children go without milk as cattle are herded far afield.
A pasty is meat pie
Pasties are worn by many neo-burlesque performers.
Pat berries dry on paper towels.
Pat cake crumbs generously around sides of cake.
Pat cubes dry to remove as much moisture as possible.
Pat cucumbers dry with paper towel.
Pat cucumbers dry with paper towels and put in the shallow bowl.
Pat cucumbers dry with paper towels before using.
Pat fish dry again and dust liberally with cornstarch, rubbing it into cuts in sides.
Pat greens dry with a clean kitchen towel.
Pat halibut steaks in rub.
Pat hands dry with a soft towel.
Pat oysters dry with paper towels, and serve with cocktail sauce and lemon wedges.
Pat package is a package to do runtime pattern matching.
Pat peppers dry.
Pat pieces dry with paper towels.
Pat wings dry.
A pat is sound
Pat isa sound.
PATs are place kicks also and can only be attempted after a touchdown has been scored.
PATs are short quizzes on material covered in a previous class.
Pats are sound.
Pats are teachers.
Pats stay on winning track with bye week approaching.
Pats take the lead in the second half.
Pats win thriller in overtime.
Pata monkeys feed on diets.
Pata monkeys have mortality.
Pata monkeys have noses.
Pata monkeys occupy large home ranges.
Pata monkeys occupy large ranges.
Pata monkeys occupy ranges.
Pata monkeys occur in areas.
Pata monkeys occur in many areas.
Pata monkeys occur in many protect areas.
Pata monkeys occur in protect areas.
Pata monkeys reach maturity.
Pata monkeys reach sexual maturity.
Most pata monkeys feed on diets.
Most pata monkeys have mortality.
Most pata monkeys have noses.
Most pata monkeys occupy large home ranges.
Most pata monkeys occupy large ranges.
Most pata monkeys occur in areas.
Most pata monkeys occur in many areas.
Most pata monkeys occur in many protect areas.
Most pata monkeys occur in protect areas.
Most pata monkeys reach maturity.
Most pata monkeys reach sexual maturity.
Some pata monkeys develop fatal illnesses.
Some pata monkeys develop illnesses.
Some pata monkeys eat arthropods.
Some pata monkeys eat grubs.
Some pata monkeys prefer wide areas.
Some pata monkeys prefer wide open areas.
Patagonian cavies are very sweet and loving pets.
Patagonian cavies make many sounds and are similar to the sounds a guinea pig makes.
Patagonian cavies occupy central and southern Argentina.
Patagonian maras are diurnal, cursorial rodents.
Patagonian maras are hindgut fermenters.
Patagonian maras breed easily in captivity and make excellent zoo specimens.
Patagonian maras live only in the arid central and southern regions of Argentina.
Patanjali yoga can provide steadiness of mind, just as does karma yoga and devotional practice.
Patas isa monkey.
Patases have (part) brains.
Patases have (part) breasts.
Patases have (part) cell membranes.
Patases have (part) cells.
Patases have (part) chest cavities.
Patases have (part) chests.
Patases have (part) corpi.
Patases have (part) cytoplasm.
Patases have (part) ears.
Patases have (part) faces.
Patases have (part) heads.
Patases have (part) nuclei.
Patases have (part) pedal extremities.
Patases have (part) piluses.
Patases have (part) plasma membranes.
Patases have (part) rib cages.
Patases have (part) sections.
Patases have (part) skulls.
Patases have (part) sterna.
Patases have (part) vacuoles.
Patases have (part) vertebrate feet.
Patch bays are wonderful but do require some maintenance over time.
Patch cable has provisions for powering either positive or negative tip devices.
Patch cable is now more common than patch cord .
Patch cables are generally shorter in length than the link cables to keep attenuation to a minimum.
Patch cables are thicker because they have twisted wires inside.
Patch cables connect MSAUs to adjacent MSAUs, while lobe cables connect MSAUs to stations.
Patch cables connect MSAUs to adjacent MSAUs.
All patch cables are to be factory manufactured.
Patch collecting is a gratifying and educational hobby for people of all ages.
Patch cords allow ease of circuit administration for frequently rearranged circuits.
Patch cords are available in custom lengths, configurations, colors, and terminations.
Patch data is more reliable by relocating to the current directory.
Patch documentation is inconsistent with patch selection.
Patch files are here.
Patch files are much smaller to download than the whole thing.
Patch files can be an ideal solution for distributing software updates.
Patch flexibility allows movement with a woman s skin.
Patch holders use mostly marijuana, alcohol, and cigarettes.
Patch management is fundamental to security.
Patch panel is located in sound control booth.
Patch panels are available with various connector styles.
Patch panels are computer hardware.
Patch panels are networking hardware.
Patch panels are rather straightforward.
Patch panels give one the joys experienced by telephone operators in the early part of the century.
Patch panels provide the interface between computer and RF equipment.
Some patch panels are available as well as a considerable amount of trim pieces.
Patch tests are a safe and easy way to diagnose contact allergies.
Patch tests are medical tests.
Patch tests are reliable for delayed hypersensitivity allergy.
Patch tests are skin tests.
Patch tests can be informative in pinpointing specific substances as causes of dermatitis.
Patch tests can diagnose eczema responses in some cases such as allergies to skin care products.
Patch testing is an effective way to discover which allergens are causing a rash.
Patch testing is difficult but it allows testing several substances.
Patch testing is recommended before using on skin.
Patch testing is the criterion standard for diagnosing contact dermatitis.
Patch testing is used to determine the causative agent in contact eczematous dermatitis.
A patch is a marking
Patch Adds several extra components and scenerios.
Patch appears in an oval shape, with an associated central scale.
Patch are here.
Patch bear in burgundy, patch moose in sea teal.
Patch changes instantaneous and glitch-free.
Patch contains green eyes, orange eyebrows, and a red mouth with teeth.
Patch fixes most qualms.
Patch fixes several problems.
Patch goes visiting to all the neighbors.
Patch has a dependency.
Patch has a half white head, white ears, one blue eye and is deaf.
Patch has silver and black background, letters with silver border.
Patch has silver graphics, letters and border, with black background.
Patch has white plastic backing.
Patch is a brilliant person.
Patch is a clown and a Free healer and founder of a Free hospital.
Patch is a clown and a physician and a psychiatric survivor.
Patch is a gorgeous seven year old bull terrier.
Patch is a partnership of human, health and educational service organizations.
Patch is a people loving dog.
Patch is a program to aid in patching programs.
Patch is a way of thinking.
Patch is available for both the demo and retail versions.
Patch is black and white.
Patch is created.
Patch is deeply about art and healing and creativity.
Patch is fairly clever.
Patch is family-centered, holistic, and collaborative.
Patch is focused on high technology public relations and marketing.
Patch is generally much smaller than full version.
Patch is great dog who loves kids, other dogs, and cats.
Patch is here .
Patch is hydocephalic.
Patch is in foster care in southwest Pennsylvania, an hour south of Pittsburgh.
Patch is interested in the origins of revolution and underdevelopment in Latin America.
Patch is made of rubber.
Patch is most outrageous.
Patch is now available in the international languages listed below.
Patch is sewn on the jersey if desired.
Patch is smart enough to catch the offsets and patch the files.
Patch is the funny one that mixes everything together.
Patch is threatened with expulsion from medical school.
Patch is under that.
Patch is up to date on all shots, neutered, and ready to go to that special person or family.
Patch is used a lot for source code patches since it saves time and space.
Patch is very devoted.
Patch is visible on the screen.
Patch is welcome.
Patch is white background, green lettereing with korean tower in center.
Patch isa piece.
Patch isa tract.
Patch just puts wrong things into the inode cache.
Patch makes a healthy living.
Patch means neighborhood.
Patch pipettes with tip diameters of approx.
Patch provides generic interface for such lists.
Patch roofs temporarily.
Patch schould work.
Patch spraying covers only a fraction of the area of a broadcast application.
Patch tries to balance atop the beach ball.
Patch Works .
Patches affect the neck, buttocks, abdomen, trochanters, knees, and extensor surfaces of the arms.
Patches also are available for other languages .
Patches also tend to be an expensive way to administer a drug.
Patches apm Do periodic check once at boot, ignoring errors.
Patches appear whitish brown during the winter in cool season lawns.
Patches are a convenient, effective way to avoid motion sickness .
Patches are a dense, brilliant color with sharply defined, smooth edges.
Patches are a disqualification.
Patches are a step up.
Patches are also available commercially.
Patches are also available on our download page.
Patches are also good to use.
Patches are always available as soon as possible.
Patches are always welcome.
Patches are an inevitable mainstay of the IT industry.
Patches are appreciably larger than normal-size spots, and they have smooth, sharply defined edges.
Patches are available and the latest version for download has been fixed.
Patches are available as listed in the advisory below.
Patches are available as usual from the download page.
Patches are available containing estrogen alone, as well as in combination with progesterone.
Patches are available except as indicated above.
Patches are available for all the flaws exploited by the worm.
Patches are available for all the flaws used by the worm.
Patches are available for participants.
Patches are available for several platforms.
Patches are available from the upgrades page.
Patches are available from usual places .
Patches are available in kernel loadable module format from the vendor.
Patches are available in many cases.
Patches are available in many sizes.
Patches are available in regular and child sizes.
Patches are available on the redhat website.
Patches are available to customers under support contracts.
Patches are available, too.
Patches are available.
Patches are avalible,some new designs.
Patches are basically small files that specify changes to particular files.
Patches are brilliant, but other bits seem to be there for a purpose it is difficult to comprehend.
Patches are cool.
Patches are currently in process.
Patches are dark at first, then fade to a tan to reddish-brown color.
Patches are due out shortly.
Patches are even more welcome.
Patches are evident and particularly rough through turns three and four.
Patches are expressive and easy to play.
Patches are files containing a correction to a specified problem.
Patches are for sale during regular swimming hours.
Patches are forthcoming.
Patches are free and available over Internet.
Patches are free to registered users.
Patches are free.
Patches are good in some ways and for some people, and bad in others for others.
Patches are great for caps, sweats, sport shirts, luggage, totes, etc.
Patches are important.
Patches are in a standard format so it is operating system independent.
Patches are in process.
Patches are in progress.
Patches are in the works.
Patches are in unified diff format so use a recent version of patch.
Patches are insufficient to healthy continuity.
Patches are just one type of nicotine replacement therapy.
Patches are just the opposite.
Patches are medicines that are placed on a patch.
Patches are most common in exposed areas such as the face, neck and hands but can emerge anywhere.
Patches are most welcome.
Patches are now available .
Patches are now available.
Patches are often parts of spline surfaces, with an underlying rectangular grid.
Patches are often slightly depressed with respect to the rest of the colony surface.
Patches are on the way.
Patches are password-protected.
Patches are pieces of the world in which the turtles live.
Patches are prepared.
Patches are present at birth.
Patches are publicly available and provided at no charge.
Patches are ready for immediate delivery.
Patches are security updates that cover known holes in the security system.
Patches are sent at anniversaries in multiples of five years thereafter.
Patches are sewn on with a needle and thread or glued on using a hot iron.
Patches are small downloads.
Patches are small programs developed by vendors to fix the problem.
Patches are somewhat circular in shape.
Patches are to be machine-sewn on the gi.
Patches are to be used for school figures only.
Patches are up.
Patches are usually a little more expensive than oral estrogen.
Patches are welcome.
Patches break things sometimes.
Patches can also commemorate an event or indicate approval of a group or idea.
Patches can also tweak play balance, or add new options or features to the game.
Patches can appear on the leaf and appear light or dark brown.
Patches can be as small as a few inches across or several feet wide.
Patches can claim land within three or four years.
Patches can have important implications for predator-prey interactions of larval pollock.
Patches can interact with patches, patches with turtles, and turtles with turtles.
Patches can occasionally fall through the cracks.
Patches come in different strengths.
Patches come in from developers to the project maintainer.
Patches come in two formats.
Patches come with different amounts or doses of nicotine.
Patches contain data for both tone effect settings.
Patches contain habitats.
Patches contain potential habitats.
Patches cost less in larger numbers.
Patches cover areas.
Patches deliver nicotine through the skin in different strengths, over different lengths of time.
Patches drifting to higher frequencies are clearly audible.
Patches enlarge as the fungus grows outward from the initial infection site.
Patches exist for all the known bugs in all library versions.
Patches exist for most programs.
Patches fix the problems by rewriting the description in terms of deeper, underlying phenomena.
Patches Go here to download the program.
Patches go in about every second week, which force the clientside to update.
Patches has three females, and six males.
Patches has wonderful wool that is rich with color.
Patches have (part) hems.
Patches have (part) sections.
Patches have grind slopes.
Patches have pigment.
Patches have slopes.
Patches have well-defined edges.
Patches is a great little kisser and likes everyone.
Patches is a quick learner and soooooo very lovable.
Patches is currently in a boarding facility.
Patches is fine - fat and healthy.
Patches is our unofficial mascot and assistant.
Patches is the invisible English brown tabby mascot.
Patches is the other cat.
Patches is the spoiled princess in our house.
Patches is Their homebred piebald who is learning obedience and funny tricks.
Patches is very affectionate.
Patches likes to play baseball.
Patches Listed here are the latest patches added for PC gaming.
Patches looking like little white threads or flakes appear inside the cheeks.
Patches loves to travel all around the world, back in time and in outer space.
Patches made of living cells grow with a child.
Patches mean contact data into the B-value column.
Patches modify the ROM temporally while running, so the ROM CRC of the patched ROM bank is wrong.
Patches pose a serious choking hazard.
Patches reformime to avoid clobbering of existing files.
Patches save bandwidth.
Patches See sourceforge's patch system .
Patches seems to be fully recovered.
Patches seems very excited by what's out the window.
Patches sell like crazy too.
Patches show trends.
Patches speak louder than words.
Patches stalks the camera from around the corner.
Patches vary in size.
Patches vary, please contact the council office for specific patches.
Patchs are programs.
Patches usually appear symmetrically, that is, in the same areas on opposite sides of the body.
Patches usually occur in wetter areas of the field.
All patches are are available now.
All patches are available in limited quantities.
All patches are available now, except as noted.
All patches are available now.
All patches are cumulative.
All patches are currently available.
All patches are equally likely to be colonized by migrants.
All patches are Fully Embroidered.
All patches are in mint condition.
All patches are in new condition, unless specified otherwise.
All patches are new and in mints condition unless otherwise noted or in Bulk.
All patches are new and never worn unless otherwise indicated.
All patches are new unless indicated.
All patches are new unless noted.
All patches are new unless otherwise stated.
All patches are new.
All patches are now available.
All patches are to be NEW unless disclosed and agreed upon in advance.
All patches are to use both alternate envelopes.
All patches have a yellow background with a black border.
All patches shown are in stock for immediate delivery.
All patches welcome.
Any patch is welcome.
Every patch is tweaked and the emu filters are given a total workout.
Every patch only tends to weaken the strands to which it is attached.
Every patch released adds a little something extra to the menu items.
Every patch reveals some new goody that makes the game even more fun to play.
Every patch votes for a sample in the five-dimensional parameter space.
Many patches are available in original fabric weights with matching colors.
Many patches have a button loop and can be hung from the pocket button rather than sewn on.
Many patches offer velocity switching that makes the sounds even more musical.
Most patches contain habitats.
Most patches contain potential habitats.
Most patches have grind slopes.
Most patches have pigment.
Most patches have slopes.
Most patches vary in size.
Some patches affect magnetism.
Some patches affect terrestrial magnetism.
Some patches allow for flutter tonguing.
Some patches appear on faces.
Some patches appear on flippers.
Some patches appear on necks.
Some patches appear on tongues.
Some patches are almost blindingly light-struck and others all but totally dark.
Some patches are pretty dense.
Some patches are sold by tourist stores.
Some patches contain blood vessels.
Some patches contain dirt.
Some patches contain numerous blood vessels.
Some patches contain plants.
Some patches contain vessels.
Some patches have appearances.
Some patches have areas.
Some patches have concentration.
Some patches have defects.
Some patches have foil on one side and plastic on the other.
Some patches have fruit.
Some patches have light yellow stripes.
Some patches have margins.
Some patches have problems with other patches.
Some patches have skin.
Some patches have stripes.
Some patches have texture.
Some patches have yellow stripes.
Some patches help glare.
Some patches lead to decay.
Some patches look like blankets.
Some patches look like specks.
Some patches now come with buttons that a patient pushes when relief is needed.
Some patches only have estrogen.
Some patches provide habitats.
Some patches provide resources.
Some patches require a valid support contract to access and download.
Some patches show snow.
Patched dogs are white with any color patches.
Patched raster quads together.
Patched versions are available on the Calder FTP site.
Patchings are repairs.
A patchouli is perfume
Patchouli has some valuable uses in skin care and treatment of skin disorders.
Patchouli Has the addition of hemp seed oil which is wonderfully moisturizing and healing.
Patchouli is an anti-inflammatory herb, useful in relieving dry skin conditions.
Patchouli is at the other extreme and actually gets better as it ages.
Patchouli is deep and tenous.
Patchouli is good for both men and women.
Patchouli is one of the few oils that improves with age.
Patchouli is one of very few oils that, like fine wine, improve with age.
Patchouli is probably the most abused essential oil when it comes to overuse.
Patchouli is used to treat dysentery, diarrhea, colds without fevers, vomiting, and nausea.
Patchoulis are perfume.
Patchoulis are plants.
Patchoulis are shrubs.
A patchwork quilt is a quilt
Patchwork quilts adorn the mission-style queen beds.
Patchwork quilts become family heirlooms.
Patchwork allows people to eat pork with a good conscience.
Patchwork also uses x-race horses.
Patchwork is a theory
Patchwork is an important American folk art today.
Patchwork is now a major part of our lives.
Patchwork is quilts.
Patchwork is the process of sewing pieces of cloth into rows of designs, joined to make garments.
Patchwork is theories.
Patchwork is too ordinary, too country, too low budget.
Patchwork is underway on the walls.
Patchwork is very fast too.
Patchwork offers both English and Western riding instructions.
Patchwork offers farmers and consumers a choice.
Patchwork pillowcases in a variety of sizes and colors.
Patchwork playgrounds and swingsets the end of sins, the birth of life to our shores anew.
Patchy emergence is usually the first indication that damage has occurred.
Patchy fog can still allow whalewatching, while dense widespread fog can make it impossible.
A pate is a top
Pates is an award-winning journalist.
Most pates are high in fat.
Patella luxation occurs at times.
A patella is a bone
Patella articulates anteriorly as a sesamoid bone in the quadriceps tendon.
Patellar alignment is improved with tape and muscles are trained to optimize dynamic control.
Patellar complications can occur.
Patellar component reduces contact stress while providing mobility.
Patellar dislocation is a common event in sports.
Patellar luxation is a dislocation of the knee cap most often seen in small dogs.
Patellar luxation is genetically transmissible.
Patellar luxation occurs when the patella slips out of the groove and over the ridge of bone.
Patellar luxation ranges from a minor annoyance that causes little pain to a cripping defect.
Patellar preparation is only one element of the technique.
Patellar reflexes are depressed, and muscle atrophy develops progressively.
Patellar thickness is measured with a calliper using the central portion of the patella.
Patellofemoral pain is a common knee problem.
Patellofemoral pain is a multifactorial problem.
Patellofemoral syndrome is also common.
Patent agents charge professional fees.
Patent agents know how to choose the right wording.
Patent agents make more money than seminar leaders.
Patent Agents meet in person with clients at our offices and at client offices.
Patent agents occupy the other end of the range of choice.
Many patent agents charge about half of that.
Patent analysis is a widely used business intelligence tool.
A patent application is an application
Patent application based on the developed technologies is underway.
Patent application is in progress.
Patent application is possible for software alone.
Patent applications are a measure of national creativity.
Patent applications are applications.
Patent applications are at present being processed in the USA, Germany, France.
Patent applications are confidential.
Patent applications are difficult and complex documents both technically and legally.
Patent applications are examined in order by filing date.
Patent applications are pending in Canada and Mexico.
Patent applications are pending in the United States and Canada .
Patent applications are pending.
Patent applications are prepared, filed and prosecuted in the United States and foreign countries.
Patent applications are secret in the United States, but sometimes are published in other countries.
Patent applications are subject to examination as to novelty.
Patent applications are therefore highly likely to follow hot on the heels of reproducible results.
All patent applications are subject to a formalities examination.
Most patent applications involve two office actions.
Patent attorneys are fond of referring to the constitutional underpinnings of the patent system.
Patent Attorneys are patent agents who are also a lawyer.
Patent attorneys are some of the highest paid professionals.
Patent attorneys can easily take from several weeks to several months to write an application.
Patent Attorneys can have their priorities dictated by the needs of the courts.
Patent attorneys outnumber patent agents in the U.S. by four to one.
Patent attorneys prepare patent specifications which accompany patent applications.
Many patent attorneys like to attack blocking patents by finding prior art.
Most patent attorneys charge a premium for rush work.
Some patent attorneys are also qualified barristers and solicitors.
Some patent attorneys paste drawings into opinion letters rather than appending a photocopy.
Some patent attorneys suggest, however, that the provisional application contain at least one claim.
Patent claims are very specific, describing in detail the various elements of the invention.
Patent drawing appear simple.
All patent drawings are black and white line drawings.
Patent examiners approve or reject patents.
Patent examiners are useful and freely available witnesses in infringement litigation.
Patent examiners grant personal property rights.
Patent examiners have bad tools at their disposal and operate inside of a closed system.
Patent examiners have no responsibility for evaluating the quality of the references they cite.
Patent examiners tend to work alone in a well-established routine.
Some patent examiners prefer working with paper.
Patent exhaustion is local, protecting against parallel importation.
Patent families represent patents with similar claims from a wide range of countries.
Patent families show the equivalent patents from various countries.
Patent filings are the key strategic assets of inventors and their employers.
Patent holders have to litigate in the individual countries concerned.
Patent information includes patent family, priorities, inventors and applicant.
Patent information is also for nearly every record.
Patent information is legitimate.
Patent information is particularly powerful when used as a current awareness information source.
Patent infringement gives rise to both civil and criminal liability.
Patent infringement is a violation
Patent infringement is subject to prosecution and possible heavy penalties.
A patent law is a law
Patent law allows for patents on processes.
Patent law covers machines and processes.
Patent law covers specific and well-delineated ideas for physical objects.
Patent law defines the space where science and law intersect.
Patent law encourages both the creation of new companies and continued innovation.
Patent law encourages useful inventions and their spread to industry.
Patent law falls into three broad categories.
Patent law gives an inventor a monopoly on the use of new inventions for a specified period of time.
Patent law is a bit different in Europe.
Patent law is a business tool for increasing market share and profitability.
Patent law is a field with considerable demand.
Patent law is a highly specialized area of legal practice.
Patent law is another brainteaser for policy makers.
Patent law is complex.
Patent law is emphasized.
Patent law is highly complex and drafting patents is among the most difficult of all legal writing.
Patent law is the ONLY specialized branch of law.
Patent law protects inventions that are novel, useful, and unobvious.
Patent law provides a shorter but even more powerful set of protections to inventions.
Patent law remains the single most active area of legal recruiting.
Patent law represents another brainteaser for policy makers.
Patent law seeks to promote and protect functional innovation.
Patent law supplies another avenue of protection for software companies.
Patent law tends to be a specialized practice in smaller firms.
Patent laws are jurisprudence.
Patent laws are malleable.
Patent Laws Are Malleable.
Patent laws can also protect hardware.
Patent laws vary in other countries, and United States patents are only valid in the United States.
Some patent laws use the whole contents approach.
Patent lawyers acknowledge, but generally downplay, the social policy concerns.
Patent lawyers say it is rare for such injunctions to be issued in patent disputes.
A patent leather is a leather
Patent leather is definitely part of the equation.
Patent leather is dress-down and because it is shiny, it is to be worn with dull cottons.
Patent leather is leather that has been given a high-gloss finish.
Patent leather is unacceptable.
Patent leathers are leathers.
Patent licenses can be exclusive, partially exclusive, or non-exclusive.
Patent litigation is costly.
Patent litigation is expensive and full of many unknowns.
Patent litigation is notoriously expensive.
Patent litigation is on the increase both as source of revenue and tactical manoeuvre.
Most patent litigation is done on a fee for services basis.
Some patent medicine contains alcohol.
Patent offices have a duty to do something.
Patent Offices have power to decide.
Patent offices keep records of application dates, preventing disputes about priority.
Patent officers are incompetent to handle software patents.
Patent prosecution begins with the drafting and filing of a patent application.
Patent protection applies therefore to technical inventions or innovations.
Patent protection does require that a formal patent be obtained from the patent office.
Patent protection ends if a patent is found to be invalid.
Patent protection exists on existing vaporware brand formulations.
Patent protection gives inventors the exclusive right to exploit their inventions.
Patent protection is also available for plants and new and ornamental designs for useful products.
Patent protection is an absolute requirement for most inventions to be commercialized successfully.
Patent protection is available for a computer program, if the program meets the above criteria.
Patent protection is available only for certain types of unique inventions, processes and designs.
Patent protection is available with the possibility for non-exclusive or exclusive licensure.
Patent protection is below the level of protection in the United States.
Patent protection is critical in order to protect such an investment of time and money.
Patent protection is enormously important.
Patent protection is fundamental to industrial innovation.
Patent protection is important if a strong patent can be obtained and enforced.
Patent protection is limited to actual invention.
Patent protection is on the agenda from the start.
Patent protection is only as good as the vigilance one maintains against infringers.
Patent protection is pending world wide.
Patent protection is strong and the key patents provide excellent long term protection.
Patent protection is the basis of the pharmaceutical industry.
Patent protection is the sine qua non of that bonanza.
Patent protection makes research profitable.
Patent protection needs to be as broad as possible and defended by the patent holder.
A patent right is a legal right
Patent rights are legal rights.
Patent rights are normally only enforceable in the state where they validly exist.
Patent rights are now for sale.
Patent search shows there is no competition, and the potential market is world wide.
Patent specifications are in the language of the originating country.
Patent trolls make a lot of people unhappy because the money paid is a lot like a tax .
Patent trolls make a lot of people unhappy because the money paid is a lot like a tax.
A patent is papers
Patent details a blade design to allow closer placement of the props.
Patent gives battery research a charge .
Patent has excellent references to other surface effect information.
Patent is a medical term that means open.
Patent is another matter.
Patent is another term that is used for grant.
Patent is available for sale or investors.
Patent is expired .
Patent is for sale.
Patent is invalid.
Patent is one of the most dynamic areas of the law.
Patent is pending on the product.
Patent is similar to the patents they found information about and how it is different.
Patent is strong.
Patent is the right to make, use or sell a particular application of an idea.
Patent is under processing.
Patent isa document.
Patent looks to be for the twist lateral adjuster.
Patent pending crossbar connections are sturdy.
Patent pending design allows complete drainage of fuel if seasonal storage is preferred.
Patent Pending Folding System Save the space.
Patent Pending formula increases skin firmness and makes proes appear smaller and tighter.
Patent pending mid-wheel drive design provides outstanding maneuverability.
Patent pending roller bottom stand mechanism extends legs quickly to a broad, secure stance.
Patent pending stand mechanism extends legs quickly to a broad, secure stance.
Patent prevents complacency.
Patent protected heater design is safer and more efficient.
Patent recognizes the hard work of a young designer and encourages others to keep trying.
Patent Watches Keep an eye on competitor's patents as they issue.
Patents allow algorithms to be protected.
Patents allow credit to be given to the discoverers and money to be raised to further their efforts.
Patents allow inventors to exclude others from making, using, or selling the invention.
Patents also discourage innovation and competition.
Patents also make knowledge publicly available.
Patents also prevent others from using the invention for a limited period.
Patents also promote the dissemination of information.
Patents also provide the legal description of what was protected.
Patents also restrict world supply of plants and therefore world food supplies.
Patents are a company's lifeblood.
Patents are a crucial early step in stimulating the economy.
Patents are a documentary record of today's technological advances.
Patents are a double-edged sword.
Patents are a form of intellectual property.
Patents are a form of personal property.
Patents are a form of regulation.
Patents are a long-established means of encouraging innovation.
Patents are a lynch pin of the biotechnology industry.
Patents are a problem that have been anticipated by some licensors.
Patents are a replay of colonialism, which is now called globalization and free trade.
Patents are a social contract between inventors and society, meant to benefit society as a whole.
Patents are a unique source of technical information and competitive intelligence.
Patents are a valuable pharmacy information source, especially for pharmaceutics.
Patents are also a away to prevent farmers from saving seed.
Patents are also accessible by classes.
Patents are also an asset that can be used either defensively or offensively.
Patents are also slow to register and copyrights take a relatively short time to secure.
Patents are also ways to protect multi-national monopolies and hold back competitors.
Patents are an attempt to prevent dominant players from controlling markets permanently.
Patents are an essential prerequisite for investing in research and development.
Patents are an increasingly important source of information within the academic community.
Patents are as necessary for e-commerce as for any other industry.
Patents are at the core of the supposed industry developing around web-cellphone hybrids.
Patents are available for all areas of technology.
Patents are available to protect novel and useful inventions.
Patents are both an input and an output in the production process.
Patents are both expensive to get and to protect.
Patents are by far the most technically demanding branch of intellectual property.
Patents are concerned with how something is done.
Patents are difficult and relatively expensive to obtain compared with copyrights.
Patents are documents granting ownership rights to some previously unpantented property.
Patents are documents.
Patents are especially devastating for free software.
Patents are even worse.
Patents are evidence of a creative mind, and companies like creative minds.
Patents are expensive to obtain and maintain and can be difficult to enforce.
Patents are expensive.
Patents are far tougher obstacles to competition than copyrights.
Patents are fascinating.
Patents are first-title deeds transferring land from the government to private individuals.
Patents are for processes, copyrights are for the final execution, the result.
Patents are free.
Patents are fundamentally monopolistic to begin with.
Patents are generally original designs of such optimal combinations.
Patents are generally the most relevant form of intellectual property to research scientists.
Patents are good for business.
Patents are great.
Patents are hard to come by, and the risks from law suits loom large.
Patents are hard to get and last for a much shorter time.
Patents are important as an incentive for the private producers of knowledge.
Patents are in Green.
Patents are in process.
Patents are in the interest of the software developer, innovation, and U.S. competitiveness.
Patents are incredibly rare among the thousands of cosmetics launched world wide each year.
Patents are just one example of privatizing the Internet.
Patents are legal documents granting ownership rights to an invention.
Patents are legal documents granting rights to invention.
Patents are legal documents protecting the rights of inventors.
Patents are legal documents.
Patents are like booby traps.
Patents are means to protect inventions.
Patents are misunderstood to represent secrecy and protection of information for a select few.
Patents are no longer centre stage.
Patents are now merely weapons used by corporations against each other, and real innovators suffer.
Patents are of prime importance at pharmaceutical companies.
Patents are of widely varying value to firms.
Patents are often highly complex, making it a time-consuming process to find the right buyer.
Patents are one institutionalized form.
Patents are one source of information for the file.
Patents are only enforceable in the country in which they are issued.
Patents are only the gateway to commercialization.
Patents are our institutional advantage.
Patents are part of a whole process of creating value.
Patents are pending.
Patents are personal property within the broader category referred to as intellectual property.
Patents are powerful incentives for the industry.
Patents are products of federal statute, with roots in the Constitution.
Patents are products of the legal system.
Patents are property.
Patents are public and there is no issue with standards documents infringing on patents.
Patents are road-blocks to the growth of the web.
Patents are searchable by word and patent number.
Patents are the basis for high drug prices.
Patents are the equivalent of copyrights for physical machines.
Patents are the first place to look.
Patents are the friends of both inventors and the public.
Patents are the incentive businesses have to invest lots of money in research and development.
Patents are the initial transfer of land from government to private hands.
Patents are the lifeblood of our industry.
Patents are the most common form of intellectual property.
Patents are the most important form of publication for industrial research.
Patents are the result of an exchange between the community and the inventor.
Patents are the ultimate instrument to put control and benefits in the wrong hands.
Patents are therefore a critical element in most business plans.
Patents are thus a rare exception to the common law's policy against monopolies.
Patents are to protect ownership of processes or technologies.
Patents are too large to fit on a diskette and require more storage space than a diskette provides.
Patents are tools for the big guys.
Patents are usually very long .
Patents are usually very long.
Patents are vehicles useful in commerce.
Patents attempt to promote commercial risk, while assuring the benefit of another's work to society.
Patents atty, etc.
Patents award an inventor exclusive rights to make or sell a product for a set period.
Patents become more important than papers.
Patents benefit consumers in that they encourage new products.
Patents can be as valuable as gold for many high-tech companies.
Patents can be very complex.
Patents can cost businesses far more money than the patents generate.
Patents can cover what is new, useful and unobvious.
Patents can help researchers learn about their competitors' activities.
Patents can secure legal protection for technology that matches business and research goals.
Patents can stifle creativity and scientific research.
Patents can take several years to issue.
Patents can take years to process, and a well-written patent can be expensive to obtain.
Patents comprise well-defined specifications and claims to stake out the inventor's property.
Patents confer monopolies over patented subject matter.
Patents consist of highly detailed descriptions, drawings and diagrams.
Patents contain a wealth of specific technical detail, research data, and drawings.
Patents contain valuable, high quality, technical information.
Patents continue to be an irritant.
Patents cost a lot of money.
Patents cover all fields of technology.
Patents cover methods.
Patents cover the core technologies.
Patents create monopolies by restricting demand.
Patents currently begin at the invention date.
Patents describe the boundaries of inventions as deeds describe the boundaries of real property.
Patents differ significantly from copyrights and trademarks .
Patents do their work by preventing competition.
Patents encourage companies to bring products to market with due haste.
Patents enter the picture as a more familiar way to protect a form of intellectual capital.
Patents eventually expire, and when they do, the information becomes public knowledge.
Patents exist because inventions are easy to imitate.
Patents exist on core products and all products are trademarked.
Patents expire, and two decades after the application is filed, the patent becomes public domain.
Patents exploit taxpayer-funded research.
Patents fall into three main classes, utility, design and plant.
Patents forbid an outsider from making or using the invention described in their claims.
Patents force new ideas to enter the marketplace and replace or improve the old.
Patents generally cover inventions, meaning technology.
Patents generally protect either a device or a method of use.
Patents give companies the right to determine who gets access to genes and at what price.
Patents govern use.
Patents grant exclusive rights to the owner to produce and sell the technology.
Patents have an expiry date and others can patent or introduce similar patents.
Patents have certain maintenance costs on a recurring basis.
Patents have descriptions of their inventions and they have claims .
Patents have in terrorem effects no one goes out to buy a lawsuit.
Patents have no legal effect until they issue.
Patents have the following filing deadlines, requiring early attention.
Patents have the power to level the playing field and allow competition to flourish.
Patents have the purpose of protecting one's inventions.
Patents indicate the level of innovative activity in a particular market.
Patents insulate inefficient businesses during industry shake outs.
Patents is already a difficult and expensive process.
Patents issued before that date have the letter X before a number.
Patents issued for ornamental designs have a fourteen year term.
Patents just get in the way.
Patents make it possible to realize that potential.
Patents make our business defensible.
Patents mean only exclusion.
Patents measure the creativity and technical innovation of an organization.
Patents meet Antipatents.
Patents now affect companies and their customers in almost every industry.
Patents offer a unique lens through which to view history.
Patents offer limited protection against commercial use of a company's invention by a competitor.
Patents only last a limited time, after which the invention is available to anyone.
Patents Ordering information is available on the technical publications introductory page.
Patents pay for research.
Patents pending are in the area of new completion technologies.
Patents pending Email traffic is on the rise.
Patents presently protect the ownership rights of the patent holder.
Patents prevent the unique functionality of the code from being copied.
Patents promote unsustainable and inequitable agricultural policies.
Patents protect competing companies from stealing ideas in the field of genetic engineering.
Patents protect content and copyrights protect form.
Patents protect functionality, that is, what the program actually does.
Patents protect ideas which can be physically expressed in a machine, design, or process.
Patents protect ideas which have been reduced to practice.
Patents protect inventions - whether part of a product, or a complete product.
Patents protect inventions and improvements to existing inventions.
Patents protect inventions and ornamental designs.
Patents protect inventions, methods or processes that are unique, non-obvious and new.
Patents protect inventions.
Patents protect new drugs for a specific time period from the time they are discovered.
Patents protect novel and non-obvious methods of achieving technically useful results.
Patents protect specific products, processes, or ornamental features.
Patents protect technological inventions.
Patents protect the idea itself.
Patents protect the rights of individuals who make discoveries or inventions.
Patents protect the rights of inventors to their inventions.
Patents protect useful processes, machines, and compositions of matter.
Patents provide a significant strategic advantage if they protect a consumer-preferred feature.
Patents provide an incentive to innovation.
Patents provide current and historical information.
Patents provide limited protection of intellectual property.
Patents provide monopoly rights for a period of time.
Patents provide protection only in the issuing country.
Patents provide the incentive to innovate.
Patents provide the right to exclude others from making, using and selling an invention.
Patents provide the strongest protection of any form of intellectual property.
Patents reflect the initial discovery and registration of innovative ideas.
Patents reflect the power of knowledge.
Patents relate to applications.
Patents rely on rights granted by legislation to stop others from using the technology.
Patents represent all technologies.
Patents represent one of the most effective means of preventing competition in a product line.
Patents represent the second significant source, with the main output from corporate researchers.
Patents reward disclosure rather than secrecy.
Patents run out.
Patents seek to crystallise an invention at a specific point in time.
Patents seem to have gone crazy in recent years.
Patents serve the interests of the investors who are looking for rapid return on their investment.
Patents SNAP .
Patents Spend time studying patents and the patent process.
Patents strengthen our negotiating position in discussing licensing agreements with other companies.
Patents suppose a design for a purpose.
Patents tend to be interpreted in an extremely broad fashion by their owners.
Patents There are three different types of patents.
Patents therefore make society dependent on corporations for their food and medicine.
Patents therefore provide a wealth of information to researchers.
Patents traditionally protect utilitarian items such as machinery or other kinds of hardware.
Patents work well in other industries, like the mechanical components industry or the drug industry.
Patents often have great commercial value but no scientific value.
Patents usually afford the discovering company an advantage in the marketplace.
Patents usually offer the best protection for an inventor's novel products or processes.
Patents usually refer to products or processes that contain new functional or technical aspects.
All patent related criteria are satisfied with the interfaces.
All patents are a bargain between society and inventors made to incent innovation.
All patents are available for download in pdf format.
All patents are cross-referenced with their French, German, and American equivalents.
All patents are pending.
All patents are real and on file.
All patents do is prevent the theft of a company's gene-based genome inventions by another company.
All patents get a uniformly good quality scan .
All patents have one or more acts of congress.
All patents now require a working model, or proto-type.
Any patent can be the deciding factor on whether a new product succeeds or fails.
Every patent encourages innovation by restricting competition, so they're all good and all bad.
Every patent is assigned a unique number that is placed on the product.
Every patent is assigned an original classification and several cross-reference classifications.
Many patents require a thorough knowledge of a particular industry.
More patents are pending.
Most patents are for new ways to improve an existing process.
Most patents are hum-drum, some are revolutionary in their impact and some are ludicrous.
Most patents are improvements on previous technology rather than something totally new.
Most patents are utility patents.
Most patents being granted now a day are for some combination of prior art elements.
Most patents cover methods.
Most patents govern use.
Most patents have more than one class number.
Most patents improve considerably over a period of years.
Most patents involve discoveries in the sciences but others include computer patents.
Most patents never make a penny and are unimportant to anyone but the inventor.
Most patents relate to applications.
Most patents run out before the inventor makes any money.
Some patents aim to switch the plant's germination on or off.
Some patents appear to preempt automation of common functions such as footnoting.
Some patents protect big and powerful machinery.
Some patents protect bigger and more powerful machinery.
Any patentable work produced while an engineer is on the job is assigned to the client.
Patented belt routing design provides long belt life.
Patented channel carries run-off grease and fat into seperate tray.
Patented channels carry run-off grease and fat into separate tray.
Patented circuitry provides reliable security surveillance protection.
Patented circuitry saves time with rapid testing for shorts.
Patented construction means birds are always in full view.
Patented cube is cleaner dissolving.
Patented design allows for smokeless combustion.
Patented design creates precious overspin.
Patented design extends the lines of the cab and acts as a sun shade.
Patented design features wristwrap for maximum wrist support.
Patented design fits teeth better.
Patented design folds flat for easy storage.
Patented design has a lifetime guarantee covering manufacturing defects.
Patented design has no moving parts.
Patented design has outer separation chamber before water can enter main filtration chamber.
Patented design includes foam filled pocket for the ultimate in comfort.
Patented design includes steel side-guard door beams and structural body reinforcements.
Patented design includes storage case.
Patented design is great for walls as well as stage use.
Patented design locks the gasket in and eliminates leakage.
Patented design protects eyes from fly irritation, disease, flying dust, dirt and debris.
Patented design provides easy and compact folding.
Patented design provides great style and a more secure fit than other loose-fit covers.
Patented drugs are beyond the over-stretched health budgets of most developing countries.
Patented formula is fortified with the vitamins, minerals and carbohydrates every active body needs.
Patented grills heat up faster and provide uniform cooking.
Patented grooves carry run-off grease and fat into separate tray.
Patented medicines are also useful in veterinary medicine.
Patented method enables support of the rack without sliding contact between components.
Patented optics generate a uniform intensity line or crosshair.
Patented optimizations deliver high-performance and comprehensive design validation.
Patented plan ensures no breakage.
Patented process prohibits cracking or fading.
Patented products speak for themselves.
Patented servers keep wine chilled and bottle dry.
Patented slider allows for a personal fit.
Patented system heats up quicker for professional styling results.
Patented system offers full inventory, portion, cost, profit and employee reporting.
Patented technologies are now standards because people got behind something and pushed it.
Patented technology allows user to stop flow of water through individual heads.
Patented technology enables unrivaled response and maximum dynamic expression bowed or plucked.
Patented technology improves efficiency, reduces weight and complication.
Patented technology insures the longest anilox and doctor blade life.
Patented technology provides easy and accurate metrology, all designed for a production environment.
Patented technology uses polymer materials which give ultra smooth flowpaths . . .
Patented technology uses two vial carrier sizes in the same unit.
Patented technology utilizes two geometric arcs in the frame design.
Patented varieties are available as vegetative cuttings and seed from numerous suppliers.
Patented voting provides confidence index to help analyst evaluate indexing results.
Patented waffles compress, then rebound with every step.
Patentings are registerings.
Patents information is a huge source of technological and commercial intelligence.
A pater is a father
Pater comes from the Indoeuropean word for father.
Pater distinguishes various elements in medieval poetry.
Pater retires from the dust of conflict into an artistic seclusion.
Pater sit sapiens sapientia genita.
Pater suggests, on the other hand, that life exhibits no real entropy, that all is conserved.
Paters are fathers.
Paters raises two issues on appeal.
Paternal authority is the germ out of which are unfolded all governments and all religions.
Paternal behavior is less pronounced among old-world monkeys and the apes.
Paternal care declines with increased opportunity for extra-pair matings in fairy martins.
Paternal care enhances male reproductive success in pine engraver beetles.
All paternal chromosomes end up in the same gamete.
Paternal grandfather is a governor in Nigeria.
Paternal grandfather seeks court ordered and court scheduled visitation with child.
Paternal grandmother is the father s mother.
Paternal grandmother is the father's mother.
Paternal grandmothers are grandmothers.
Paternal investment is minimal.
Paternal investment is the energy expended by parents to produce and nurture offspring.
Paternal involvement promotes higher self-esteem and greater sociability in children.
Paternal loyalties fall away, and truth turns in new and unsettling directions.
Paternal transmission is associated with larger repeat size and earlier onset of symptoms.
A paternalism is attitude
Paternalism creates dependency.
Paternalism dampens the spirit, fosters resentment and perpetuates itself.
Paternalism dampens the spirit, fosters resentment, and perpetuates itself.
Paternalism drives conformity, compliance, competition, and is a game played against the players.
Paternalism is a caricature of true fatherliness.
Paternalism is another difficulty with short-term missions.
Paternalism is needed to realize the potential of reform.
Paternalism is never a favor.
Paternalism is substituted for partnership and for local democratic action.
Paternalism is the core justification.
Paternalism is the kiss of death.
Paternalism is the primary issue.
Paternalism is the root of so much loss and grief.
Paternalism is the water of organizations.
Paternalism is thus a threat to autonomy as well as to liberty and privacy.
Paternalism only serves to reinforce dependence and contributes to political atrophy.
Paternalism opens the door to financial abuses.
Paternalism remains a powerful influence in Washington.
Paternalism undercuts truth.
Paternalisms are attitude.
Some paternalism has a chance of coming along with charity . . .
Paternalistic laws are contrary to the principles of autonomy.
Paternity leave is also available to fathers including additional provision for multiple births.
Paternity leaves are a sign of a company's progressiveness.
Paternity tests examine the genetic markers of the mother, alleged father and the child.
Paternity tests examine the genetic markers of the mother, alleged father, and the child.
Paternity testing can help a man attempting to win custody or visitation.
Most paternity testing uses blood samples, obtained by a doctor.
Paternity has responsibilities.
Paternity is a creation
Paternity is a legal fiction.
Paternity is also important for the father.
Paternity is also important in custody cases where the parents vie for ownership of the child.
Paternity is fatherhood.
Paternity is in question when a child is born of unmarried parents.
Paternity is only one of the key elements of responsible fathering.
Paternity is presumed until proven otherwise in court.
Paternity is states.
Paternity is the important first step in the process of establishing support for a child.
Paternity leave and extended maternity rights under discussion.
Paternity leave is a wonderful thing, but it is just the beginning of being a parent.
Paternity leave is available using any accrued vacation and sick leave.
Paternity leave is low cost and good for morale, even if few employees use it.
Paternity leave is no longer just a concept.
Paternity leave is one week paid, immediately following the birth of the child.
Paternity leave is only a recent development, but is likely to become a standard term in awards.
Paternity leave is rare, if it exists at all, and maternity leave is usually unpaid.
Paternity leave of up to two weeks, given as a combination of sick leave and vacation.
Paternity leave up to a maximum of three days per fiscal year.
Paternity means fatherhood, the quality or state of being a father.
Paternity means fatherhood.
Paternity means legal fatherhood.
Paternity needs to be established and child support pursued.
Paternity always has a degree of uncertainty, even for legitimate issue.
Paternoster lakes are lakes that resemble a string of beads.
A paternoster is an elevator
Paternosters are nearly impossible to use for disabled people .
Paternosters are nearly impossible to use for disabled people.
Paternosters have advantages and disadvantages .
Paternosters have advantages and disadvantages.
Path algebras are different on different operating systems.
Path analysis is a computable abstraction of path semantics.
Path analysis is a much more specific form of analysis that looks explicitly at cause.
Path analysis is useful in illustrating a number of the issues involved in causal analysis.
Path analysis is usually an extension of multiple regression and widely used in the social sciences.
Path coefficients are equal to standardized regression coefficients.
Path coverage is another essential verification feature needed to encourage higher quality testing.
Path coverage is best across the Northern Pacific.
Path dependence says indeed there are thresholds.
Path dependency is important because it influences the development of many firms and markets.
Path difference is the difference between the distances of a certain point from each source.
Path expressions can refer to the contents of the namespace by traversing it.
Path integration is supplemented by landmark guidance for finally pin-pointing the goal.
Path length is quite important as it gives some clue to radiant location.
Path length is the slant height up and back down.
Any path light can travel, it can travel in reverse.
Path loss varies inversely as the square of the distance traveled.
Path names can be absolute or relative.
Path names follow a prescribed format.
Path names serve to identify files.
Some path names appear on the CD cover.
Paths of Glory bristles with anti-war sentiment.
Path rush is often a weed of hard, compacted sites.
Path variable has constant value of the path parm.
A path is a course
Path allows views from a higher level.
Path based parameters are just as easy to implement as query based.
Path bears right through agate onto the downs then climbs to top of ridgeway.
PATH controls the order that the system uses to search directories to find and execute commands.
Path covers of weighted graphs.
PATH develops appropriate technologies and innovative programs to address such basic health needs.
Path finding for units is horrible.
PATH focuses on networked projects which are designed to support sustainability and community.
Path follows farm track then passes infront of the houses.
Path goes by molybdenite mining dig.
Path goes under all major streets.
PATH has extensive experience developing a variety of media for public health education.
PATH has leadership projects for individuals and group volunteers who want to help.
PATH has many more diagnostic features that help uncover problems in a model.
PATH has many more solution options to enable it solve difficult models.
PATH is a catalyst for change and therefore the follow up is built right into the process.
PATH is a good example.
PATH is a leading research program in the field of intelligent transportation systems.
PATH is a list of directories where commands are looked for.
PATH is a nonprofit, international organization with headquarters in Seattle, Washington.
PATH is a powerful planning tool.
PATH is a registered charity and a company limited by guarantee.
PATH is a true partnership between government and industry.
Path is always an absolute path.
PATH is an attribute that is used to further refine when a cookie is sent back to a server.
Path is bent toward the normal.
PATH is charged with analyzing which measures are most likely to restore Columbia Basin salmon.
Path is confirmed before the run.
PATH is dedicated to diversity in staff and is an equal opportunity employer.
PATH is especially useful to set there.
Path is hardpack or tarmac and is easier to do anticlockwise.
PATH is headquartered in Seattle with offices in Washington DC and affiliates in other countries.
Path is most effective when placed in the autoexec.bat file.
Path is narrow but beautiful with several tiers of stone.
Path is near the road on the south side.
PATH is now one of the key players in the world health community.
Path is quite broad and a good stunt run.
PATH is searched when necessary.
Path is selected as for repeat.
Path is specified relative to site root.
PATH is the command.
Path is the path to the spool directory where printing jobs are queued.
PATH Is the place of the interface on the server.
Path is too long .
Path is too long.
Path is used by some authors to mean a simple chain in a graph.
Path is very small and death close.
Path isa location.
Path leads through jungle.
Path planning Planning a path for a moving robot is a classical problem.
Path points outside the process's allocated address space.
Path prefer Life over none disease aboard no wool.
PATH recognizes the brains global impact on illness and health.
PATH recognizes the trauma of abuse and neglect.
Path refers to where the information can be found on the host computer.
Path remains unbent.
Path reopens into good smooth long stretch.
Path results Leave space for the room number to change.
Path sets the directory to use when loading roms.
Path sources Constructing the search path.
Path specified is invalid.
Path specifies the destination path.
Path specifies the location of the file.
Path specifies the path to a message queue where the message is to be posted.
Path specifies the path to the file containing the key being imported.
PATH specifies the program location.
PATH starts path tracing.
Path suspects the real future for sheep's milk lies in the blends.
Path taken by the black spot cross the face of sun.
Path weaves through the woods and forks with a steep downhill toward the right into a clearing.
PATH works closely with the statutory, business, academic and voluntary sectors.
PATH works towards the improvement of health with special emphasis on women and children.
Paths abound for jogging, strolling, roller blading, and biking.
Paths allow storage of selection profiles in compact vector format.
Paths also keep detailed tracking statistics about their pages, whereas single pages show only hits.
Paths also lead to a deep blue hole.
Paths also meander to create smaller spaces, folding minor program into the composition.
Paths also remain open for spiritual exploration.
Paths appear, then vanish.
Paths are a type of recording device.
Paths are a useful for two reasons.
Paths are absolute or relative.
Paths are aids to orientation.
Paths are also functional .
Paths are another way of storing selections.
Paths are cobble-stones and boardwalks which are excellent for all weather conditions.
Paths are extremely dangerous.
Paths are for walking on.
Paths are great ways to show relationships between ideas and concepts.
Paths are important for several reasons.
Paths are in the park.
Paths are laid, reality is set.
Paths are like the neural system of a rural community.
Paths are lines.
Paths are local and are in an ordinary condition.
Paths are located in parks.
Paths are mainly wide and surfaced with some steep slopes.
Paths are narrow and slippery and many accidents occur.
Paths are never absolutely necessary.
Paths are often more even than ways.
Paths are one cell wide.
Paths are open for graduates to follow legal or financial careers.
Paths are open in every direction.
Paths are open to bicyclists, hikers and horses.
Paths are output using the first syntax.
Paths are particularly important to making the right of access work successfully on the ground.
Paths are populated after the query executes and a response is received.
Paths are relative to the tree root.
Paths are routes from one point to another.
Paths are routes.
Paths are shopping malls.
Paths are so bad they remain muddy for weeks after rains.
Paths are steep with steps limiting access.
Paths are temporary and dynamic.
Paths are the connections between places in the rural area.
Paths are to be purchased for an individual student only.
Paths are unimproved natural gravels.
Paths are video games.
Paths are well defined and junctions are clearly signposted.
Paths are well-trodden and level but include many stiles over fences.
Paths attract people looking for a quiet stroll or to observe the wildlife.
Paths built in wooded areas present special problems.
Paths can be a significant source of soil loss in tropical rainforests.
Paths can be absolute or relative.
Paths can be grass or other materials.
Paths can be romantic and mysterious, or straightforward and utilitarian.
Paths can be to any destination with information being presented with real human voice.
Paths can create unity and itinerary, even in the smallest of gardens.
Paths can have several attributes .
Paths can move straight or diagonally to the right but never to the left.
Paths can serve both commuter and recreational cyclists.
Paths climb out of the kloof to give hikers access to the high ground.
Paths connect the stairs, registering flood levels.
Paths consist of an ordered sequence of actors, with transformations properly concatenated.
Paths consist only of the vertical and horizontal line segments.
Paths create specific moods for garden visitors.
Paths crisscross the landscape of concrete, gravel, and exotic plants.
Paths cross all the time.
Paths cross in strange ways.
Paths cross through the area dividing the squares and provide access to the facility.
Paths define a logical sequence through our course offerings.
Paths derived from harmonic functions are generally smooth.
Paths descend along a cascading stream, and moisture hangs in the air and clings to the flowers.
Paths Determine the proper size of the conductors.
Paths divide up space and direct the sequence in which visitors discover the garden.
Paths draw visitors through the garden.
Paths fork ahead, expect rapid changes in context.
Paths give access to beach.
Paths guide the eyes, then the feet.
Paths have a way of crossing later.
Paths have NO spaces.
Paths have requirements.
Paths have scope.
Paths have to be coordinated and marked.
Paths include air gaps.
Paths include gaps.
Paths indicate direction of flow.
Paths is a wonderful opportunity for students to find an outlet for their creativity.
Paths is a work in progress.
Paths is certainly a film about war, but it is very different from the familiar Hollywood war film.
Paths is the pathname within the news spool directory where the article is filed.
Paths lay a meta structure over the Web.
Paths lay flat in the wild grass under the footsteps.
Paths lead between spring sites for gathering plants and fishing and summer cornfields.
Paths lead down to the ponds and a secluded greenbelt getaway.
Paths lead off from the Trail into the woodlands.
Paths lead off in all directions.
Paths lead out from the building into the wetlands.
Paths lead over falls and through leafy jungle into thickets and turns, where serenity reigns.
Paths lead past shaded woodlands, granite outcrops, a pond, a stream, and a waterfall.
Paths lead to a charming dining pagoda by the sea with a picturesque lily pond.
Paths lead to petrified oyster beds.
Paths lead to regions.
Paths lead to the beach below and back to the UCSD campus.
Paths lead to the charming dining pagoda by the sea with a picturesque lily pond.
Paths lead up to the brush-covered hilltop.
Paths lead visitors around the different habitat components.
Paths link the tents to each other, the dining room and reception.
Paths make their way through evergreen forests, around creeks and through an orchard.
Paths meander through oak trees, sycamores, fruit trees, junipers, and little patches of flowers.
Paths meander through the shrubs and trees which are gathered from all over the world.
Paths measure about a foot in width and are cut deeply into the soil.
Paths merge here once, or cross, enough to just have been at all.
Paths merge, watch for bikes.
Paths organize content.
Paths radiate across the tapestry in every direction.
Paths range from inductee to master teacher.
Paths refer to file location and directory structure.
Paths run through plantings of camellias and rhododendrons, hydrangeas, cornus and magnolia.
Paths separate each seeded area.
Paths shoot off from the main trail to observation decks perfect for birdwatching.
Paths stretch in many directions.
Paths surround areas.
Paths take shape taking their energy from the womb, and one sees many roads to many places.
Paths take up less space in an image file than a selection saved to a channel.
Paths turn, and real opportunities usually involve the challenge of the unknown.
Paths wind through the gardens and into the coffee fields.
Paths winding through the park enable visitors to see the animals at close range.
Paths often lead from burrows to feeding areas.
All paths are colon-separated.
All paths are correct to their adherents.
All paths are different.
All paths are equally valid.
All paths are labyrinthine.
All paths are multi-use and open to hikers, cyclists, and horse riders.
All paths are relative to the directory.
All paths are sacred.
All paths are the same.
All paths are welcome.
All paths climb to the top of the mountain.
All paths contain some wisdom.
All paths end according to choices made along the way.
All paths eventually reach the top.
All paths have equal dignity.
All paths have unexpected turns that lead to new music.
All paths known for any node constitute the context of the node.
All paths lead back to our Source.
All paths lead nowhere, follow the path with heart.
All paths lead there sooner or later.
All Paths Lead to Bethlehem .
All paths lead to growth and opportunity.
All paths lead to nowhere, where meaning defines the form.
All paths lead to the center.
All paths lead to the One.
All paths lead to the pontoons.
All paths lead to the same god.
All paths lead towards hell for a young student.
All paths peter out, all telephone lines are down.
All paths shown are statistically significant.
All paths specified in HTML documents are relative to the root level.
All paths ultimately lead to the same Truth.
All paths welcome.
Any path is as good as any other.
Any path is only a path.
Every path assumes the current directory is the directory containing the path.txt file.
Every path has a purpose . . .
Every path has a right to be trodden and the artist is the first to tread it .
Every path is sacred and valid.
Every path is the right path, for the individual who is on it.
Every path leads to a new question and every question leads deeper into the maze.
Every path leads to new questions, and every question leads deeper into the maze.
Every path serves a purpose.
Every path starting at the bottom-left of the lattice corresponds to exactly one alignment.
Every path starts somewhere.
Many paths are around scenic lakes or in recreational parks.
Many paths are available and include formal academic multi-year degree programs.
Many paths are available for there are many different people with as many different needs.
Many paths are open.
Many paths can be under repair or requiring attention.
Many paths crisscross Tara's Mountain above, up to the sacred, flag-festooned peak.
Many paths intersect and trail from simple beginnings.
Many paths lead here and some actually lead away.
Many paths lead here.
Many paths lead into the area from numerous trailheads.
Many paths lead one to truth and to love.
Many paths lead to higher performance.
Many paths lead to nanotechnology, whether through chemistry, biotechnology, or physics.
Many paths lead to the attainment of the shared goals.
Many paths lead to ultimate success.
Many paths running along banks of streams, etc. are susceptible to erosion.
Many paths show a recency effect.
Many paths surround scenic lakes or are in recreational parks.
More paths are under construction.
Most paths are admirable.
Most paths are closed and irrigation has begun again.
Most paths are crude and narrow in places with scrambling required at times.
Most paths are grass and easily traversed.
Most paths are wheelchair accessible.
Most paths have ramps for the disabled.
Most paths have requirements.
Most paths have scope.
Most paths interconnect at some point.
Most paths lead to regions.
Some path has higher weight than other paths.
Some paths appear to lead towards empowerment, but actually do the opposite.
Some paths are a mixture.
Some paths are already sign posted.
Some paths are difficult to find and in remote areas so it is best to hire a guide.
Some paths are faster or more direct than others.
Some paths are open - see above.
Some paths are quite steep and can be slippery when wet.
Some paths are smooth, and others are rough, Looking back on it now, some even look tough.
Some paths are steep and narrow, and good walking shoes are essential.
Some paths are steep and uneven.
Some paths are used by okapis.
Some paths can give rise to fractals.
Some paths can travel more than half the length of the sky or perhaps more.
Some paths create spirals within spirals.
Some paths cross celestial equators.
Some paths cross equators.
Some paths cross paths.
Some paths focus on austerities.
Some paths have a dead end.
Some paths have doors.
Some paths have many images, some just a few.
Some paths have rails.
Some paths increase cost.
Some paths increase energy cost.
Some paths lead to determination.
Some paths lead to happiness and joy forever, others lead to misery and torment.
Some paths lead to high sandy ledges, pleasant places to relax.
Some paths lead to riches, some to fame, some to satisfaction.
Some paths lead to synthesis.
Some paths leading from bed to victuals show heavy traffic.
Some paths offer workshops.
Some paths provide adequate food resources.
Some paths provide adequate resources.
Some paths provide resources.
Some paths remain closed.
Some paths require frequent revisions.
Some paths require long periods of waiting.
Some paths require revisions.
Some paths show trends.
Some paths use phases.
Some paths use solutions.
Pathetic guys are 'losers'.
Some pathetic losers have to be special.
Pathetic managers wimp out and claim fire regulations prohibit heating appliances in the workplace.
Pathetic squares abound.
A pathfinder is an expert
Pathfinder also allows for genre searching.
Pathfinder also does a good job of promoting itself off-line.
Pathfinder also provides community based outreach training.
Pathfinder also provides 'links' to electronic resources 'in' the collection.
Pathfinder also provides services in several other northern Indiana counties.
Pathfinder blazes a trail to ads .
Pathfinder blazes a trail to ads.
Pathfinder brings an established customer base and expertise in logistics operations.
Pathfinder can also lead students to find paid positions.
Pathfinder challenges the skills of logical thinking, eye-hand coordination and visual tracking.
Pathfinder continues to return of the Martian terrain and weather data.
Pathfinder does legislative advocacy and coordination of prevention efforts.
Pathfinder flies very slow, within a narrow speed range.
Pathfinder has magnets attached at different heights.
Pathfinder heralds a new era of U.S. space exploration.
Pathfinder is a mobile computer learning lab that promotes science education.
Pathfinder is a non-profit, private agency.
Pathfinder is a step in that new direction.
Pathfinder is also a publishing house, with politics and socialism the main focus.
Pathfinder is an open and participative process.
Pathfinder is dedicated to making choices available to as many young men and women as possible.
Pathfinder is free, and contains no advertising.
Pathfinder is one of several remotely piloted aircraft being evaluated under the program.
Pathfinder is one of the best.
Pathfinder is one potential client.
Pathfinder is pure awesome.
Pathfinder is the first of ten planned missions to Mars.
Pathfinder is the last of three recent major missions aimed at Mars.
Pathfinder is the most advanced, on-line matching, placement and data management tool available.
Pathfinder is the second U.S.-based organization ever to win the award.
Pathfinder is too.
Pathfinder loses money on every book it publishes.
Pathfinder moves into extended operations.
Pathfinder offers free consultations to help local families investigate teen homeschooling.
Pathfinder Offers our services to the community at no charge.
Pathfinder provides families with support getting started and while homeschooling.
Pathfinder provides the most robust data analysis tools available today.
Pathfinder sends pictures from Mars.
Pathfinder specializes in political stuff.
Pathfinder takes the slab on the right of the dirty groove.
Pathfinder uses conventional airbreathing engines for takeoff and landing.
Pathfinders also enjoy music, drilling, studying science and technology and sports.
Pathfinders are a resource for users seeking subject-specific resources.
Pathfinders are a secret group of military operatives with special skills.
Pathfinders are a starting point from which students can begin their research.
Pathfinders are a time-honored tradition in public libraries.
Pathfinders are bibliographies designed to introduce the novice to a discipline.
Pathfinders are guides to information in a given subject area.
Pathfinders are guides to resources in specific topic areas.
Pathfinders are lists of resources available on specific topics.
Pathfinders are military units.
Pathfinders are one-page guides to some of the basic library materials on selected subjects.
Pathfinders are really cool.
Pathfinders are specialized tools to help the library patron in researching special topics.
Pathfinders can be useful for class assignments as well as for research.
Pathfinders earn points for their attendance, wearing proper uniform and their conduct.
Pathfinders focus on single topics such as researching companies or career resources.
Pathfinders go camping, canoeing, bike riding, hiking, caving and lots, lots more.
Pathfinders Go Online.
Pathfinders guide researchers to sources of information in an organized and clear way.
Pathfinders have a long and colorful history.
Pathfinders have sectionals and ensembles, theory class and orchestra.
Pathfinders is a goal-oriented program for sixth, seventh, and eighth grade students.
Pathfinders is a good way to help girls become better citizens.
Pathfinders is our biggest and best summer program for children.
Pathfinders move toward a prospective landing zone during daytime training.
Pathfinders offers customized attendee support both before and during each annual conference.
Pathfinders oversee slingload operations and clear loads during a night lift.
Pathfinders participate in all activities as a cabin group which makes it easy to meet new friends.
Pathfinders save time by providing users with research strategies and resources.
Pathogen affects apes.
Pathogen affects great apes.
Pathogen causes diarrheal diseases.
Pathogen causes disease outbreaks.
Pathogen causes disease symptoms.
Pathogen causes diseases.
Pathogen causes fevers.
Pathogen causes green mold diseases.
Pathogen causes guppy diseases.
Pathogen causes human diseases.
Pathogen causes neurological diseases.
Pathogen causes outbreaks.
Pathogen causes problems.
Pathogen causes q fevers.
Pathogen causes root diseases.
Pathogen causes severe diseases.
Pathogen causes severe neurological diseases.
Pathogen causes symptoms.
Pathogen grows in GI tract of the louse and is excreted.
Pathogen has (part) cell membranes.
Pathogen has (part) cells.
Pathogen has (part) corpi.
Pathogen has (part) cytoplasm.
Pathogen has (part) nuclei.
Pathogen has (part) plasma membranes.
Pathogen has (part) sections.
Pathogen has (part) vacuoles.
Pathogen has effects.
Pathogen has minimal effects.
Pathogen has minimal negative effects.
Pathogen has negative effects.
Pathogen infects humans.
Pathogen infects lungs.
Pathogen infects plants.
Pathogen is a microorganism
Pathogen is infectious agents.
Pathogen is microorganisms.
Pathogen isa agent.
Pathogen isa microorganism.
Pathogen produces toxins.
Pathogen reverses competition between larval amphibians.
Pathogen survives as a saprophyte or mycelium in living tissue.
Pathogens also play an important role in creating spatial heterogeneity on a local scale.
Pathogens appear in smaller numbers than coliforms, so are less likely to be isolated.
Pathogens appear to be less well-suited for cooperation with their hosts.
Pathogens are always likely to cause disease.
Pathogens are commonly present in lesser cornstalk borer populations.
Pathogens are difficult to detect and impractical to test for in water supplies.
Pathogens are disease causing organisms including fungi, bacteria, viruses, etc.
Pathogens are disease causing organisms, such as microorganisms, viruses, or bacteria.
Pathogens are disease-carrying bacteria or viruses.
Pathogens are disease-causing agents.
Pathogens are disease-causing microorganisms present in human and animal waste.
Pathogens are disease-causing microorganisms such as viruses, bacteria, and parasites.
Pathogens are disease-causing organisms including bacteria , fungi , and viruses .
Pathogens are disease-causing organisms including bacteria, fungi, and viruses.
Pathogens are germs that cause disease.
Pathogens are harmful to corals, causing disease and scarring in many species.
Pathogens are just one component of complex biological systems.
Pathogens are least resistant to rare alleles.
Pathogens are microbes that cause disease.
Pathogens are microorganisms such as bacteria and viruses that can cause human health problems.
Pathogens are microorganisms that cause disease.
Pathogens are microscopic organisms like bacteria and viruses.
Pathogens are microscopic organisms that can cause a disease in a host insect.
Pathogens are organism microbes that can cause disease.
Pathogens are organisms that cause disease, primarily fungi and viruses.
Pathogens are organisms which cause disease.
Pathogens are simply a variety of diseases which kill insects.
Pathogens are the bad guys they cause disease in plants.
Pathogens are tiny organisms that only can be seen under a microscope.
Pathogens are usually coagulase positive and hemolytic.
Pathogens avoid phagocytosis by having capsule.
Pathogens can also contaminate shellfish beds.
Pathogens can also undermine local food and livestock production, thereby causing hunger and famine.
Pathogens can be present in municipal, industrial, and nonpoint source discharges.
Pathogens can be viruses, bacteria, fungi, protistans, and parasitic animals.
Pathogens can cause diseases in animals and plants.
Pathogens can contaminate food products during meat and milk processing.
Pathogens can contaminate produce through wounds.
Pathogens can dramatically reduce yield and persistence of susceptible varieties.
Pathogens can enter our bodies through four routes.
Pathogens can evolve far faster than their hosts.
Pathogens can influence the success of invaders.
Pathogens can persist in sand longer than in water.
Pathogens can produce toxins, which are harmful to the host.
Pathogens can produce waterborne diseases in either human or animal hosts.
Pathogens can remain undetected and linger in the body for many years without causing symptoms.
Pathogens can suppress amygdala activity.
Pathogens can survive for days on kitchen countertops.
Pathogens cause considerable mortality of diapause southwestern corn borers.
Pathogens cause disease, but disease is limited by a variety of host defense mechanisms.
Pathogens cause insect diseases.
Pathogens come in through food, water, dust, wounds, bug bites.
Pathogens contain certain chemicals that are foreign to the body and are called antigens.
Pathogens differ in their ability to survive, spread, and reproduce.
Pathogens enter our body through air, water, food, physical contact or animals.
Pathogens enter the body by penetrating the skin.
Pathogens entering our body only remain unnoticed for a short period.
Pathogens evolve with their hosts to strike some kind of balance, especially obligate parasites.
Pathogens generally come from domestic sewage which is discharged into watercourses untreated.
Pathogens have the unique ability to invade the body, multiply, and cause harmful effects.
Pathogens induce a disease in their host.
Pathogens move freely and widely, carried by travelers, humans and others, as well as by the wind.
Pathogens occasionally are part of the normal flora.
Pathogens occur at very low levels, making testing difficult and very expensive.
Pathogens occur naturally and can be a very significant factor in reducing insect populations.
Pathogens penentrate the surface of a plant directly or enter through wounds or natural openings.
Pathogens proliferating in crowded net pens are rampant in Norway.
Pathogens readily infect the eyes, ears, mouth, genitals, and the skin itself.
Pathogens represent an additional group of natural enemies worthy of investigation.
Pathogens represent an important selective force.
Pathogens See Microbial Insecticides below.
Pathogens survive between planting seasons on plant debris.
Pathogens survive for years in infected debris and infested soil.
Pathogens therefore have an ideal environment in which to breed.
Pathogens threaten human health and cause beach closures.
Pathogens thrive when people live in crowded places and in unsanitary conditions.
Pathogens typically cause heavy losses in such soils unless pesticides are used.
Pathogens vary in their oxygen requirements.
Pathogens often jump from animals to people.
Pathogens sometimes develop new races which overcome plant resistance.
Pathogens usually colonize host tissues that are in contact with the external environment.
All pathogens are soilborne.
All pathogens release certain chemicals and proteins that our immune defense recognizes.
Every pathogen has a unique set of genes, some of which set off ''alarms'' in a host's body.
Every pathogen is susceptible to a certain type of antibiotics.
Many pathogens also grow more quickly in warmer water.
Many pathogens are transmitted by insect bites.
Many pathogens can survive in foods at pH levels below their growth minima.
Many pathogens depend on insect or other arthropod bites to break skin.
Many pathogens invade tissues from their sites initial infection.
Many pathogens survive between cropping seasons on crop debris.
Many pathogens threaten extensive plantations in many parts of the world.
Most pathogen affects apes.
Most pathogen affects great apes.
Most pathogen causes diseases.
Most pathogen causes fevers.
Most pathogen causes green mold diseases.
Most pathogen causes guppy diseases.
Most pathogen causes human diseases.
Most pathogen causes neurological diseases.
Most pathogen causes outbreaks.
Most pathogen causes problems.
Most pathogen causes q fevers.
Most pathogen causes root diseases.
Most pathogen causes severe diseases.
Most pathogen causes severe neurological diseases.
Most pathogen causes symptoms.
Most pathogen has effects.
Most pathogen has minimal effects.
Most pathogen has minimal negative effects.
Most pathogen has negative effects.
Most pathogen infects humans.
Most pathogen produces toxins.
Most pathogens are bacteria.
Most pathogens are host-specific to a particular plant species, genus or family.
Most pathogens are microscopic and difficult to detect unless disease symptoms are apparent.
Most pathogens are opportunists and wait until defense is low before they attack.
Most pathogens are parasites but there are a few exceptions.
Most pathogens are parasitic and survive at the expense of the host.
Most pathogens causing illness, such as bacteria, viruses, cancer, and fungi, are anaerobic.
Most pathogens originate from the body fluids and feces of animals and humans.
Some pathogen causes breaks.
Some pathogen causes damage.
Some pathogen causes death.
Some pathogen causes diarrhea.
Some pathogen causes gastroenteritis.
Some pathogen causes illnesses.
Some pathogen causes infection.
Some pathogen causes oak death.
Some pathogen causes serious damage.
Some pathogen causes serious infection.
Some pathogen causes sudden death.
Some pathogen causes sudden oak death.
Some pathogen causes systemic infection.
Some pathogen causes threaten infection.
Some pathogen causes threaten systemic infection.
Some pathogen causes vaginal infection.
Some pathogen enters lungs.
Some pathogen enters water.
Some pathogen has potential.
Some pathogen has similarity.
Some pathogen has windows.
Some pathogen includes viruses.
Some pathogen infects amphibians.
Some pathogen infects cortexes.
Some pathogen infects fetuses.
Some pathogen infects mallards.
Some pathogen infects vaginas.
Some pathogen invades damage tissue.
Some pathogen invades tissue.
Some pathogen is located in mosquitoes.
Some pathogen is located in vertebrates.
Some pathogen is transmitted to humans.
Some pathogen kills amphibians.
Some pathogen occurs in himalayan regions.
Some pathogen occurs in regions.
Some pathogen occurs in snails.
Some pathogen produces diseases.
Some pathogen produces sporangiums.
Some pathogen produces spores.
Some pathogens are able to avoid provoking an overwhelming inflammatory response.
Some pathogens can avoid exposing themselves to immune forces.
Some pathogens can cause disease when only a few cells are present.
Some pathogens can escape antibody detection by infecting cells.
Some pathogens can grow at refrigerated temperatures.
Some pathogens can live only in certain types of tissue while others can spread throughout the body.
Some pathogens can survive in disinfectant under certain conditions.
Some pathogens exist in soil, water, or animals.
Some pathogens have multiple means of dispersal.
Some pathogens proactively create portals of entry.
Some pathogens produce enzymes that destroy antibodies.
Some pathogens swim upstream.
Pathogenesis extends to both humans and animals, causing the fatal disease listeriosis .
Pathogenesis includes experimental evidence that evaluates the neural pathway of affected patients.
Pathogenesis involves synovial thickening and eventually death and destruction of cartilage.
Pathogenesis is a biological process
Pathogenesis is a term used to describe how the virus causes disease in the animal.
Pathogenesis is attributed to the inadequate clearance and processing of immune complexes.
Pathogenesis is based on impeded CSF circulation and absorption.
Pathogenesis is controversial.
Pathogenesis is discussed briefly, followed by a thorough discussion of treatment.
Pathogenesis is even rarer among phototrophs, lithotrophs, and autotrophs.
Pathogenesis is most likely from immune system attacking infected cells.
Pathogenesis is related to intestinal cell distruction.
Pathogenesis is studied using animal models of infection.
Pathogenesis is the ability of one organism to cause disease in another.
Pathogenesis is the morbid process, the mode of origin, the development of disease.
Pathogenesis is unclear.
Pathogenesis is unknown, although faulty bacterial killing by macrophages is suspected.
Pathogenesis is unknown, but is possibly due to an immunopathologic mechanism.
Pathogenesis is unknown.
Pathogenesis means the initiation and development of disease.
Pathogenic bacteria are also the cause of high infant mortality rates in developing countries.
Pathogenic bacteria are bacteria that can cause infection .
Pathogenic bacteria are in the minority among prokaryotes.
Pathogenic bacteria can easily penetrate.
Pathogenic bacteria can reproduce on a large scale and produce toxic substances for their host .
Pathogenic bacteria is a group name for the bacteria that are capable of causing illness.
Pathogenic bacteria like to live in the particular conditions found in the human body.
Pathogenic bacteria luxuriate in water with a slightly basic pH, like water found in Klamath Lake.
Pathogenic bacteria require time to multiply in a warm, moist, high protein environment.
Many pathogenic bacteria detect whether they are in a host by testing the availability of iron.
Many pathogenic bacteria use pili to adhere to animal tissues.
Many pathogenic bacteria use special secretion systems to deliver toxic proteins into host cells.
Most pathogenic bacteria cause death.
Most pathogenic bacteria produce poisons.
Most pathogenic bacteria use independent mechanisms.
Most pathogenic bacteria use mechanisms.
Most pathogenic bacteria use oxygen for their continued existence.
Most pathogenic bacteria use several independent mechanisms.
Most pathogenic bacteria use several mechanisms.
Some pathogenic bacteria are genetically very homogeneous, making strain discrimination difficult.
Some pathogenic bacteria are surrounded by a capsule that make phagocytosis difficult.
Some pathogenic bacteria can survive pasteurization.
Some pathogenic bacteria cause diseases.
Some pathogenic bacteria enter noses.
Some pathogenic bacteria enter urethras.
Some pathogenic bacteria kill worms.
Pathogenic bacteria cause death.
Pathogenic bacteria use independent mechanisms.
Pathogenic bacteria use mechanisms.
Pathogenic bacteria use several independent mechanisms.
Pathogenic bacteria use several mechanisms.
Pathogenic cold is prevalent in winter, as are diseases of cold.
Pathogenic effect is primarily on lymphatics resulting in symptoms.
Pathogenic forms produce hemolysins, leukocidins, coagulases, and fibrolysins.
Pathogenic fungi are fungi that cause disease in humans or other organisms .
Pathogenic fungus contributes to amphibian losses in the Pacific Northwest.
Pathogenic heat is less common in the overweight.
Pathogenic microbes can be dangerous foes, especially in a hospital setting.
Pathogenic microbes challenge the immune system in many ways.
Pathogenic microbes thrive where there is no oxygen.
Some pathogenic microbes enter tissue.
Pathogenic microorganisms are organisms capable of producing disease.
Pathogenic microorganisms are the most significant cause of foodborne illness.
Pathogenic microorganisms cause diseases.
Pathogenic microorganisms reproduce by cell division.
Most pathogenic microorganisms cause diseases.
Some pathogenic microorganisms cause illnesses.
Some pathogenic molds effect the central nervous system or suppress the immune system.
Pathogenic nematodes survive in climates.
Pathogenic nematodes survive in cold climates.
Most pathogenic nematodes survive in climates.
Most pathogenic nematodes survive in cold climates.
Pathogenic organisms are typically much smaller than their host and have a much shorter life cycle.
Pathogenic organisms cause many types of cankers in trees.
Most pathogenic organisms get into the body through the mucosal surface.
Some pathogenic organisms cause diseases.
Some pathogenic protozoans cause health problems.
Some pathogenic protozoans cause problems.
Some pathogenic protozoans cause serious health problems.
Some pathogenic protozoans cause serious problems.
Pathogenic staphylococcus causes illnesses.
Pathogenic staphylococcus contains elements.
Most pathogenic staphylococcus contains elements.
Pathogenic strains are exotic in commercial poultry operations in Canada.
Pathogenic viruses can emerge anytime and anywhere in the world.
Pathogenic wind is the root of all evil.
Most pathologic gamblers begin gambling when they are young.
Pathological analysis is performed to arrive at a diagnosis.
Pathological anatomy is the study of structural changes associated with disease.
Pathological behaviors mark extreme personality deviations.
Pathological changes are the cell's response to stress.
Some pathological code can cause cc-mode to slow down considerably.
Pathological conditions are characterized by inadequate secretion of cytokines .
Some pathological conditions affect victims.
Pathological dandies dominate the news field, making accuracy subordinate to ratings.
Pathological examination varies in the particulars.
Pathological findings consist of loss of myosin filaments.
Pathological findings vary as much as the clinical signs of disease.
Pathological fractures are most common in breast cancer due to the lytic nature of the lesions.
Pathological fractures are rare due to the eccentric location of the lesion.
Pathological fractures occur when a disease, like cancer or alcoholism, has weakened the bone.
Pathological gamblers engage in destructive behaviors.
Pathological gamblers lose all the money they have.
Pathological gamblers lose all their money.
Many pathological gamblers entering treatment have significant legal problems.
Most pathological gamblers start gambling before the age of fifteen, some as young as nine or ten.
Pathological heterogeneity is determined to a large extent by the location of mutations in tau .
Pathological histology is the study of diseased tissues.
Pathological hyperplasia is typically the result of excessive endocrine stimulation.
Pathological lameness can be neural or musculoskeletal.
Pathological liars are experts at manipulating others.
Pathological liars tend to have unstable relationships.
Pathological liars use deceit.
Most pathological liars use deceit.
Some pathological liars are deluded to the point they do believe their lies.
Some pathological liars suffer from disorder.
Some pathological liars suffer from impulse control disorder.
Pathological narcissism has very little to do with healthy narcissism.
Pathological narcissism is parasitism.
Pathological operations are physiological acts modified.
Pathological physiology is introduced where it can serve to clarify normal function.
Pathological physiology is the performance of functions by an excess or a deficiency of vital force.
Pathological science Includes case studies of human disease pathogenesis.
Pathological sleepiness is a fact for many doctors.
Pathological stage is the most important factor.
A pathological state is a condition
Pathological states are a normal occurrence in everybody every day.
Pathological studies contribute information to treatment and cure of diseases.
Pathological studies require en bloc surgery.
A pathologist is a specialist
Pathologist are responsible for the management of the clinic.
Pathologist can bring it anywhere and use it anytime to sign-out cases or review cases.
Pathologists act as consultants to other medical practitioners.
Pathologists also conduct autopsies.
Pathologists also perform autopsies.
Pathologists are available during the labs to help answer questions.
Pathologists are available for routine consultations during regular working hours.
Pathologists are doctors specializing in the study of tissue.
Pathologists are doctors.
Pathologists are medical doctors who treat patients through laboratory medicine.
Pathologists are most helpful in confirming or ruling out the possibility of cancer.
Pathologists are pathologists because they are pathologists.
Pathologists are physicians who specialize in the origin, nature and course of diseases.
Pathologists are responsible for the actions of their agents e.g. contracted billing services.
Pathologists are the vital link between modern medical care and pure laboratory science.
Pathologists are very accurate in confirming the diagnosis on cytologic examination.
Pathologists can still buy much of their equipment at the hardware store.
Pathologists commonly receive biopsies from the endometrium, endocervix, and cervix.
Pathologists concur that the female pelvis reaches maturity at puberty or shortly afterwards.
Pathologists define catarrh as an inflammation of a mucous membrane.
Pathologists discuss the effects of injury, alcohol, drugs and tobacco on human organs.
Pathologists do it with corpses.
Pathologists estimate it was at least two years old.
Pathologists generally have no contact with the patient.
Pathologists give two causes for luxations, one known and the other unknown.
Pathologists interpret and diagnose changes in tissue caused by disease.
Pathologists interpret and diagnose the changes in tissue caused by disease.
Pathologists know everything and do everything, but a day late.
Pathologists lead the way for long-distance diagnosis.
Pathologists look to blood as a functional disturber.
Pathologists now recognize more than three dozen different types of lymphoma.
Pathologists now use a different set of criteria to call a cell a cancerous cell.
Pathologists operate the system using a headset microphone connected to a pocket-sized transmitter.
Pathologists perform superficial FNAs.
Pathologists play a vital role as a part of the patient's primary health care team.
Pathologists play a vital role on the patient's primary health care team.
Pathologists play an integral role in the primary health team.
Pathologists provide services crucial to the diagnosis and treatment of patients.
Pathologists recommend to apply when soybeans are producing flowers on the lower half of the plant.
Pathologists see PAS-positive material in affected cells.
Pathologists still get to bill the professional side.
Pathologists strive to make such a visit both informative and reassuring.
Pathologists study four to five years after medical school and their postgraduate training.
Pathologists study the causes and characteristics of diseases.
Pathologists teach other patients how to make sounds or increase their language skills.
Pathologists then determine whether the samples are normal, atypical or malignant.
Pathologists use it, often from a cheap source, to remove glycogen.
Pathologists work as members of an outstanding interdisciplinary team of professionals.
Pathologists often help to determine which test is most effective for a complete diagnosis.
Pathologists often oversee microbiology and chemistry labs as well.
Pathologists usually work in hospitals where doctors send specimens for diagnosis.
Many pathologists also undertake additional training in a subspecialty of pathology.
Many pathologists pursue an academic career.
Many pathologists use scalpels with rulers marked on their blades.
Most pathologists have at least a few publications and superspecialists usually have many.
Most pathologists receive training in both clinical and anatomical pathology.
Most pathologists use the long knife again while studying the lungs.
Some pathologists argue that more autopsies are performed than necessary.
Some pathologists do both.
Some pathologists look harder than others.
Some pathologists specialize in only one but most practice in both areas.
Pathology Slides homepage.
Pathologies Oculaires Liees a l'Age.
Pathology addresses injury and ill-health.
Pathology also provides important clinical standards and outcome measures.
Pathology becomes normal.
Pathology contains the autopsy and related pathology information for deceased registrants.
Pathology deals with cells that exhibit deranged functions.
Pathology deals with diagnosing the abnormal changes in tissues removed from surgical procedures.
Pathology demonstrates scirrhous carcinoma.
Pathology discourses upon functions performed in an unusual manner.
Pathology Emphasizes human pathology on a gross anatomic level.
Pathology examines illness and their contraindications or indications for massage therapy.
Pathology exists when the nonfilling side is occluded with a mucus or proteinaceous plug.
Pathology has a particular affection for acronyms.
Pathology has links to the major organizations in the field.
Pathology has no meaning without an understanding of the underlying concepts.
Pathology includes severe inflammatory lesions in the skin and lungs.
Pathology includes study images developed from slides to support the medical curriculum.
Pathology involves patulous capsule.
Pathology is a good model of clinical investigation and decision-making.
Pathology is a medical science
Pathology is a very complex process.
Pathology is a very exciting and rewarding field of postgraduate medical training.
Pathology is a visual discipline so implement imaging.
Pathology is affected by the primal causes.
Pathology is an integral part of breast cancer diagnosis and prognosis.
Pathology is an opportunity to review histology, anatomy, biochemistry, and physiology.
Pathology is another major new class of information.
Pathology is believed to be negligable or minimal in most cases.
Pathology is both a basic medical science and a clinical discipline.
Pathology is determined by both severity and frequency of the problem.
Pathology is divided into two major areas, anatomic pathology and clinical pathology.
Pathology is fascinating.
Pathology is felt as irregularities in the fabric occupied by the patient .
Pathology is ill health.
Pathology is key in predicting survival.
Pathology is medical science.
Pathology is medical tests.
Pathology is modified physiology.
Pathology is one of the major subjects in the second year medical curriculum.
Pathology is one of the most diverse specialties in medicine.
Pathology is organized in a comprehensive outline of the subject matter.
Pathology is required for positive diagnosis which evidences the two components.
Pathology is taught throughout the second year.
Pathology is the diagnosis of disease from specimens of body tissues or fluids.
Pathology is the scientific study of disease.
Pathology is the search for the truth, establishment of truth and interpretation of the truth.
Pathology is the study of disease.
Pathology is the study of diseases.
Pathology is the study of human disease.
Pathology is the study of the causes and outcomes of disease.
Pathology is the study of the cellular and molecular mechanisms producing disease.
Pathology is the study of the diseases and disorders of plants.
Pathology is ubiquitous in the world of sports and athletes.
Pathology is where the truth is.
Pathology occurs, when the synergic principle of the universe is obstructed.
Pathology Prolonged hyperuricaemia leads to the formation of small crystal aggregates.
Pathology provides an overview of human diseases.
Pathology provides educational information about insect pests and plant diseases.
Pathology Provides vital diagnostic services based on studies of tissues and other specimens.
Pathology refers to the study of disease, specifically as it presents in tissue.
Pathology related to the musculoskeletal system is overviewed.
Pathology report sais they got margins.
Pathology reports to GPs.
Pathology reports, even preliminary ones, are valuable to our analysis.
Pathology requests from GPs.
Pathology See Pathophysiology above.
Pathology always makes the deepest impression.
Pathomechanical gait is developed by damaged or weakened ligaments.
Pathophysiologic correlation is stressed.
Pathophysiological changes associated with hypertension and diabetes take many years.
Pathophysiological concepts take preference over purely technical subspecialist diagnostic skills.
Pathway lighting is meant to illuminate paths rather than house fronts or the night sky.
Pathway lighting makes the walk home a little safer.
Pathway maps are available at bike shops and other locations for a minimal cost.
Pathway materials can be sharp.
Pathway readers are old fashioned story books.
All pathway students work in a multi-disciplinary dedicated studio.
A pathway is nerve tissue
Pathway isa artifact.
Pathways act as regulators.
Pathways addresses critical issues identified by educators, researchers, and community leaders.
Pathways affirms that healing can occur at psychological, emotional and spiritual levels.
Pathways allow students to look at a range of occupations and skills required.
Pathways allow visitors to enjoy the wide variety of butterflies and flowers.
Pathways also facilitate discharge planning as the median length of stay is defined.
Pathways also have a part to play in clinical risk management.
Pathways also lead past a heated pool, pharmacy, beauty salon, exercise room, and our auditorium.
Pathways also offers public seminars throughout the year.
Pathways ans strategies for developing a malaria blood-stage vaccine.
Pathways are an important part of the vegetable garden.
Pathways are better than the current requirements.
Pathways are carbon utilization, nitrogen utilization, and phosphate accumulation.
Pathways are excellent, and enhanced with stairs in many places for top access.
Pathways are generally accessible for people with disabilities.
Pathways are more than just a means to get from here to there.
Pathways are of natural stone or wooden planks, adding to the natural feel.
Pathways are open to all first-year students.
Pathways are out of production.
Pathways are outlines for courses of care or treatment.
Pathways are paths.
Pathways are the means by which species are transported from one location to another.
Pathways are turned on and off according to the level of substance.
Pathways are valuable to the patient in terms of overall satisfaction.
Pathways are very important in the community.
Pathways are very useful in town.
Pathways are well marked and highly traveled.
Pathways begins with a contract that contains crystal-clear expectations.
Pathways bring dramatic clinical results.
Pathways can be linear, cyclic, or branched.
Pathways connect camping areas to day use area with picnicking and other activities.
Pathways connect different regions of the brain.
Pathways connect paths.
Pathways contains a variety of articles, graphics, movies.
Pathways contains four areas of specialization.
Pathways cover all the care to be given in a step-wise sequence.
Pathways created by burning routes across the lush plains connect one isolated peak to the next.
Pathways describe outcomes.
Pathways employ an in-built mechanism for the monitoring of practice against that prescribed.
Pathways enable students to learn how their course work is relevant to their interests.
Pathways exist from the single subject through to the highest level award.
Pathways guide the experience of the garden determining viewpoint, focus, and route.
Pathways has an experienced staff with decades of treatment experience.
Pathways have (part) readsides.
Pathways have (part) sections.
Pathways have a default delay of one unit.
Pathways have application to both primary and secondary settings.
Pathways have basic functions.
Pathways have functions.
Pathways Have students look at containers such as boxes, balls, etc.
Pathways help make learning more relevant for students.
Pathways is a multi-center study with four field centers.
Pathways is a non-profit educational organization with a strong spiritual focus.
Pathways is a program of study which involves learning through core academics and electives.
Pathways is an experimental program available to upperclassmen.
Pathways is an extremely deep program with hundreds of places to go.
Pathways is an interesting internet site which is also educational.
Pathways is great fun.
Pathways is more than a website enabling students to file electronic admission applications.
Pathways is more than an electronic filing center.
Pathways is our powerful provider profiling vehicle.
Pathways is run in association with The philosophical society of England.
Pathways is the product design concept for an evolving portfolio of innovative solutions.
Pathways lead to activations.
Pathways lead to production.
Pathways leading to raised beds and trellises also make gardening more accessible.
Pathways makes products for financial processing and related applications.
Pathways markets smart-card applications to retailers, resorts and others.
Pathways move atoms.
Pathways move carbon atoms.
Pathways offer advantage.
Pathways offer selective advantage.
Pathways offers a substantial range of tutorial programs for courses across the curriculum.
Pathways offers opportunities for ongoing adult religious and spiritual study throughout the year.
Pathways offers resources for individuals and families experiencing human needs.
Pathways play a major role in how people interact with a building.
Pathways provides a nice coverage from various government agencies.
Pathways provides resources for academic, career, and personal counseling.
Pathways provides special equipment and activities for the physical education classes.
Pathways provides storytelling workshops for primary schools and secondary schools.
Pathways provides students access to university information when they want it.
Pathways provides the teens with a resource guide and offers information about the services.
Pathways quickly imports raw microarray data from a variety of image formats.
Pathways regulate outgrowths.
Pathways sells smart-card technology for cash or debit cards used in retail transactions.
Pathways serve different functions.
Pathways serve functions.
Pathways show patterns.
Pathways show sooner.
Pathways start in the winter term of the freshman year.
Pathways takes a different approach.
Pathways takes each physician's patient population into account when analyzing costs.
Pathways uses a nationally tested and proven curriculum.
Pathways vary in duration.
Pathways welcomes all who are interested in their self healing.
All pathways have equal dignity.
All pathways lead into the night.
All pathways lead to completion of the objectives of the undergraduate program.
All Pathways Observe how genes interact in dynamic graphical models.
All pathways offer the possibility of taking a regional or language course.
Every pathway is unique.
Many pathways connect the hypothalamus to the limbic system and the visceral system.
Most pathways are relevant to the erythrocytic phase of the parasite cycle.
Most pathways describe outcomes.
Most pathways have basic functions.
Most pathways have functions.
Most pathways move carbon atoms.
Most pathways offer advantage.
Most pathways offer selective advantage.
Most pathways regulate outgrowths.
Most pathways serve different functions.
Most pathways serve functions.
Some pathways are better developed than others.
Some pathways are dedicated lanes on the shoulders of low-density highways.
Some pathways are located in mammals.
Some pathways become topics.
Some pathways connect patches.
Some pathways contribute to initiations.
Some pathways have roles.
Some pathways involve activations.
Some pathways involve in absorption.
Some pathways involve in photosynthesis.
Some pathways involve interaction.
Some pathways involve membrane proteins.
Some pathways involve migration.
Some pathways involve movement.
Some pathways involve proteins.
Some pathways lead from receptors.
Some pathways lead to alternatives.
Some pathways lead to degradations.
Some pathways lead to development.
Some pathways lead to evolution.
Some pathways lead to perceptions.
Some pathways lead to transmissions.
Some pathways move carbon compounds.
Some pathways produce energy.
Some pathways produce hormones.
Some pathways produce steroid hormones.
Some pathways regulate development.
Some pathways regulate maturation.
Some pathways regulate oocyte maturation.
Some pathways relate to development.
Some pathways relate to limb development.
Some pathways shed light.
Some pathways take advantage.
Paticipating classes receive a brochure and teacher's package at no cost.
Patience achieves all it strives for.
Patience achieves everything.
Patience allows a chain of events to flow in it s natural rhythm.
Patience allows, permits.
Patience also applies to the sale.
Patience also is needed.
Patience also needs to be practiced by the patient.
Patience applies equally when photographing pets and domestic animals.
Patience attains all.
Patience attains the goal.
Patience bears fruit.
Patience begins in suffering, but it ends in service.
Patience breeds the rewards of success.
Patience brings great rewards.
Patience brings rewards, they say.
Patience can be a calming force during difficulties, as it draws on our spiritual side.
Patience can be a great friend.
Patience can be a tremendous virtue when dealing with problems.
Patience can be a virtue.
Patience can be sorely strained.
Patience can be useful, but inaction can bring disaster.
Patience can certainly be a virtue when it comes to forming meaningful relationships.
Patience can insure that projects are accomplished without losing sight of their original purpose.
Patience can mean repeating a treatment over and over again.
Patience can yield benefits for each side without tangible losses.
Patience carries a lot of wait.
Patience certainly is an important factor in playing good golf.
Patience certainly is.
Patience cheat through the hook when spend volleyball.
Patience continues to be a virtue.
Patience continues to remain a great virtue.
Patience contributes much to both fruitfulness and comfort.
Patience counts here.
Patience creates confidence, decisiveness and a rational outlook, which eventually leads to success.
Patience develops by working with others and learning to care for one's own things.
Patience do a little cuddle at a time or else it feels like malling.
Patience does pay off and by the end of the story the true genus of the work becomes very apparent.
Patience does pay off.
Patience follows temperance closely.
Patience gains all things.
Patience goes a long way toward breaking barriers.
Patience helps a lot too.
Patience here is truly a virtue.
Patience here means steadfastness, endurance, perseverance.
Patience implies hope.
Patience implies steadfastness.
Patience induces one's self control to abide.
Patience is a big attribute out here in la-la land.
Patience is a bi-product of tribulations.
Patience is a bitter plant, but it has a sweet fruit.
Patience is a bitter plant, but it has sweet fruit.
Patience is a by-product of tribulations.
Patience is a byproduct of tribulations.
Patience is a challenge to master because at first it feels as if it's going against our nature.
Patience is a critical asset for the instructor.
Patience is a crucial aspect to building a spiritual life of integrity and value.
Patience is a daily virtue.
Patience is a definite plus.
Patience is a definite requirement.
Patience is a desirable trait to develop.
Patience is a fine virtue for a gardener.
Patience is a forgotten blessing for a love that leaves only the hero's dead.
Patience is a fruit.
Patience is a good nature
Patience is a good thing.
Patience is a great virtue if used in the right circumstances.
Patience is a great virtue.
Patience is a guerrilla virtue.
Patience is a key element to learning.
Patience is a key element.
Patience is a key factor in spot removal.
Patience is a key to getting prayers answered.
Patience is a key word here.
Patience is a key word in high altitude mountaineering.
Patience is a laborer.
Patience is a learnable skill.
Patience is a lesson here.
Patience is a little harder to come by in the computer's fast-paced world.
Patience is a magical word in the international arena.
Patience is a major key.
Patience is a massive exploding cloud held captive on the ground by a set of interwoven ropes.
Patience is a most important quality.
Patience is a necessity to excel at any sport, but it especially applies on the golf course.
Patience is a necessity when doing business in Indonesia.
Patience is a necessity, but the rewards are great.
Patience is a necessity.
Patience is a peaceful tool to carry on the journey toward both perfect health and enlightenment.
Patience is a perfect control over the palate and sex-impulse.
Patience is a plus.
Patience is a political virtue.
Patience is a poultice for all wounds.
Patience is a psychic or soul quality and belongs to the plane of soul.
Patience is a quality more common to older men, and so is faith.
Patience is a real virtue when calling turkeys.
Patience is a requirement.
Patience is a self-rewarding virtue.
Patience is a sign of weakness.
Patience is a standard requirement for anyone considering the purchase of an older bird.
Patience is a strange thing, really.
Patience is a supreme manifestation of faith.
Patience is a valuable possession of believers.
Patience is a very important quality for effective team members to practice.
Patience is a very unusual fifth century woman.
Patience is a virtue - a necessary one.
Patience is a virtue .
Patience is a virtue a chemist learns to develop.
Patience is a virtue and a necessity.
Patience is a virtue and stick with it.
Patience is a virtue and the magic is in the air.
Patience is a virtue at dusk.
Patience is a virtue at the best of times.
Patience is a virtue for the slugger.
Patience is a virtue for the transition period.
Patience is a virtue hard to come by and even harder to practice.
Patience is a virtue here and fortunately things seem to be working fine now.
Patience is a virtue here.
Patience is a virtue Impatience can be a problem.
Patience is a virtue in short supply.
Patience is a virtue of the warrior.
Patience is a virtue or something like that.
Patience is a virtue possessed by few men and no women.
Patience is a virtue that carries a lot of wait.
Patience is a virtue that few have when it comes to photography.
Patience is a virtue that is in short supply in our fast-paced society.
Patience is a virtue that rewards faith in the draft.
Patience is a virtue that takes years to learn.
Patience is a virtue they say.
Patience is a virtue though.
Patience is a virtue to live by.
Patience is a virtue when anchoring.
Patience is a virtue when fishing soft stickbaits.
Patience is a virtue when it comes to handling disagreements.
Patience is a virtue when searching on the Web.
Patience is a virtue which carries a lot of wait.
Patience is a virtue while mowing.
Patience is a virtue, and one which leads to far fewer crashes.
Patience is a virtue, but persistance to the point of success is a blessing.
Patience is a virtue, but persistence to the point of success is a blessing.
Patience is a virtue, dear.
Patience is a virtue, especially in horse racing.
Patience is a virtue, especially when investing.
Patience is a virtue, especially with obstreperous or young lawyers.
Patience is a virtue, even in a bear market.
Patience is a virtue, or so they say.
Patience is a virtue, remember.
Patience is a virtue, so be just that.
Patience is a virtue, so wait at least a week between buying and selling.
Patience is a virtue, they do say.
Patience is a virtue, they say.
Patience is a virtue.
Patience is a virture which carries alot of wait.
Patience is a virture.
Patience is a virue after all.
Patience is a virus from the club's standpoint.
Patience is a virus.
Patience is a vital factor in understanding, also.
Patience is a vital factor in working with hoarders.
Patience is a vulture.
Patience is a watchword.
Patience is a way channeling that eagerness towards a continuation of acquiring knowledge.
Patience is a wildlife watcher's best virtue.
Patience is a wonderful gift, an admirable virtue.
Patience is a wonderful virtue.
Patience is a workplace prerequisite.
Patience is about waiting for the results of hard work and hopes to pay off.
Patience is absolutely essential for tutoring.
Patience is absolutely essential to bear up under the trials of life.
Patience is absolutely necessary.
Patience is active waiting.
Patience is again the word here.
Patience is all that is required for the tantalizing blooms to appear.
Patience is all that's required now.
Patience is all the strength that man needs.
Patience is all when it comes to heirlooms.
Patience is almost a lost virtue in our society.
Patience is almost a prerequisite.
Patience is also a good quality to have.
Patience is also a virtue in the financial aid waiting game.
Patience is also all but dead in most.
Patience is also endurance, inner strength, fortitude, courage, calmness, etc.
Patience is also essential.
Patience is also requisite.
Patience is also truly a virtue on the council.
Patience is also very important.
Patience is always a big factor there.
Patience is always a good virtue.
Patience is always a plus when dealing with pet photography.
Patience is always good.
Patience is always important.
Patience is always necessary when traveling, but in Mali it is absolutely essential.
Patience is an antidote to the use of restraint.
Patience is an extremely useful negotiating weapon.
Patience is as important a virtue as ingenuity, perhaps even more so.
Patience is awarded with special attention and bonuses.
Patience is beautiful in either sex and every age.
Patience is better than pride.
Patience is bitter, but it bears sweet fruit.
Patience is both the meme that sustains our highest being and also lulls the apathetic to sleep.
Patience is certainly a desired virtue.
Patience is certainly a key for self and others.
Patience is certainly a virtue, too.
Patience is critical, too, as many young children are unable to verbalize their fears and emotions.
Patience is critical.
Patience is crucial because decisions in emerging markets take time to make and bear fruit.
Patience is crucial to enduring any hardship.
Patience is crucial when it comes to photographing any animal.
Patience is crucial.
Patience is definitely a key to success in taking great-looking pictures of comets.
Patience is definitely a learned trait.
Patience is definitely a virtue here.
Patience is definitely a virtue when it comes to parenting.
Patience is definitely a virtue when it comes to playing poker.
Patience is definitely a virtue when it comes to training a Basset.
Patience is definitely a virtue.
Patience is definitely in order.
Patience is democracy's greatest virtue, and always in short supply.
Patience is encouraged.
Patience is enduring faith, faith with staying power.
Patience is especially difficult when students actively misbehave in class.
Patience is essential in brush painting.
Patience is essential in managing the ants because the nest can be so hard to locate.
Patience is essential once a commitment is made to pursuing an international adoption.
Patience is essential.
Patience is everything.
Patience is extremely important when playing a more powerful opponent .
Patience is first and foremost in developing psychic skills.
Patience is forbearance, having a longsuffering attitude.
Patience is genius.
Patience Is Golden.
Patience is good and very painful at the same time.
Patience is good.
Patience is hard to maintain.
Patience is hard.
Patience is helpful, but so is learning quickly.
Patience is important for both partners.
Patience is important for the beginning student as well.
Patience is important when forming new habits.
Patience is important while feeding the child.
Patience is important with any mammal.
Patience is important.
Patience is impossible without hope.
Patience is in order here, firm but gentle.
Patience is in order when starting the drug.
Patience is in our blood.
Patience is in short supply and frustration is high.
Patience is indeed a virtue.
Patience is indispensable.
Patience is it's own reward.
Patience is key here.
Patience is key when it comes to weaning.
Patience is key, but it is even more important to talk to manufacturers and experienced installers.
Patience is key.
Patience is love doing it over and over again.
Patience is love that persists in spite of injustice.
Patience is Love.
Patience is mandatory when it comes to registering for classes.
Patience is man's greatest joy.
Patience is more about waiting, tolerating, and forgiving.
Patience is more less all it is.
Patience is more than a virtue in a detective.
Patience is more than a virtue.
Patience is more than just an excellent way to receive a reward or improve a relationship.
Patience is necessary when hunting steenbok in Africa.
Patience is necessary when it comes to creating and maintaining a wildlife habitat.
Patience is necessary when waiting for responses.
Patience is nice, but so are points.
Patience is no doubt a virtue.
Patience is no longer a good enough reason to avoid coming to grips with our differences.
Patience is no longer a virtue.
Patience is no virtue.
Patience is of course a very important factor too.
Patience is of necessity.
Patience is of utmost importance in the treatment of hirsutism.
Patience is often a big factor in getting the right location.
Patience is often more prudent than speed.
Patience is once again a needed virtue.
Patience is once again a virtue.
Patience is one expression of the fruit of the spirit.
Patience is one key to a magnificent life.
Patience is one of mans greatest virtues and is very useful when around dear friends.
Patience is one of the great biblical virtues.
Patience is one of the most important personality characteristics of a teacher.
Patience is one of the most popular card games for one person ever invented.
Patience is one of the things needed to overcome anger.
Patience is one of their allies and observation is another.
Patience is one.
Patience is our byword.
Patience is our specialty.
Patience is out.
Patience is paramount when fishing for the big ones.
Patience is paramount.
Patience is part of the process.
Patience is perhaps one of the bigger elements of faith.
Patience is perhaps the most important tool.
Patience is perseverance.
Patience is poultice for all wounds.
Patience is power.
Patience is probably the most important thing.
Patience is really important.
Patience is right up there with frugality as a consignment shopping virtue.
Patience is so important in training.
Patience is so important.
Patience is still a virtue.
Patience is still the best recommendation.
Patience is such an important virtue.
Patience is thus extremely important.
Patience is to be as much a moment by moment out pouring in our lives as any other fruit.
Patience is to pay attention to detail.
Patience is trust in Divine Right Timing.
Patience is trust.
Patience is valuable here.
Patience is very cool.
Patience is very important here.
Patience is very important.
Patience is very short when browsing.
Patience is virtue and the results can be breath taking.
Patience is virtue.
Patience is vitally important when it comes to signing contracts.
Patience is what fishermen are known for.
Patience isa disposition.
Patience kills enemies.
Patience lasts only so long, and then it becomes stubbornness.
Patience leads to success.
Patience likes to touch everything.
Patience loves to swim.
Patience makes to several shell likewise retire Canned peaches.
Patience marks the confident man.
Patience means dealing very literally with every kind of situation in our lives.
Patience means endurance, staying power.
Patience means to take events and experiences as they come without complaint or expectation.
Patience means to wait calmly for someone or something.
Patience moves mountains.
Patience obtains all things.
Patience obtains all.
Patience obtains everything.
Patience offers clear minds, and articulate statements.
Patience only comes through experience.
Patience only lasts so long when impending due dates are in just a few hours.
Patience overcomes all obstacles.
Patience overcomes all things, even downloading.
Patience Pays Off in Florida.
Patience pays off in the market.
Patience pays off with more complex vintages.
Patience pays off, but it helps to have a good, detailed kit at the beginning of the process.
Patience pays off, however.
Patience pays off.
Patience pays when cooking on the grill.
Patience perfects character.
Patience plays a greater role in success.
Patience plays an integral part in our practice.
Patience produces powerful and effective prayers.
Patience produces unity in the church, loyalty in the state, harmony in families and societies.
Patience reports that the programming and speaker details are going well.
Patience requires endurance and endurance requires patience.
Patience runs short.
Patience seems appropriate.
Patience seems to be a trait that even good salespeople forget occasionally.
Patience seems to be called for.
Patience seems to be critical when treating inhalant abusers.
Patience seems to be the key here.
Patience serves as a protection against wrongs as clothes do against cold.
Patience sets a boundary to the daily onslaught of suffering.
Patience shows that it takes more than that to be happy.
Patience slows the formulation of criticism which clouds judgment and unfairly scorns.
Patience stays with someone until the problem or cause is past.
Patience takes one to question everyday if all the patience is really worth it.
Patience takes patience.
Patience takes practice, however.
Patience There are many problems common to every growing string program.
Patience varies somewhat.
Patience when dealing in Asia is the byword.
Patience works in the other direction, too.
Patience always elevates and strengthens our character.
Patience always pays for long-term equity investors.
Patience often means delay, which often means missed opportunities.
More patience is needed.
More patience is required to bend a mature branch.
Much patience is needed for spoon-feeding, as the young baby's tongue movements cause milk to drool.
Much patience is needed from both the consultant and the user when dealing with computers.
Some patience is needed as the refresh rate is about a minute.
Some patience is required after application of neem products.
Some patience is required after application.
Some patience is required.
Patient abandonment is a problem that has been ballooning under managed care.
Patient abuse is a hidden sickness within our society.
Patient abuse requires an immediate response by the licensed nurse and the licensed facility.
Patient acceptance is high.
Patient accounts are for a single hospital stay per patient.
Patient accountability is shown in the figure below.
Patient accounting is ledger card-based.
Any patient activity increases circulation.
Patient acuity is higher, and keeping up with advancing technology is a major challenge.
Patient acuity varies.
Patient administration is the only uniform method of data collection.
Patient advocacy can be flat-out wrong.
Patient advocacy is everyone s business.
Patient advocacy is the heart of nurse's professional commitment.
Patient advocates provide assistance with concern and needs of patients and their families.
Patient advocates say changes are overdue.
Patient advocates say the government has a long way to go to improve protections.
Patient advocates say the rules are a good first step.
Patient advocates see it differently.
Patient allocation means that each nurse is responsible for a group of patients.
Patient anxiety is less as there is no delay between onset of pain and analgesic relief.
Patient approval is considered part of the examination.
Patient approval is part of the examination.
Patient assessment is likely to be more rapid and accurate when performed by a doctor.
Patient assistance is available at the front door.
Patient associations have limited visibility in the public eye, and consequently little clout.
Patient autonomy is a guiding principle in medical decision-making in America.
Patient autonomy is an essential part of democracy.
Patient autonomy is subject to limitations, however.
Patient balance is due upon receipt of the statement.
Patient base is comprised of all age groups.
Patient base is fee for service.
Patient bathrooms are for patient use only.
Patient bathrooms are strictly for patient use.
Patient benefits are substantial as well.
Patient billing is poor and unclear.
Patient brochures are for informational purposes only.
Patient brochures contain satisfaction surveys, which are analyzed quarterly.
Patient brochures range from hearing aid use and care manuals to product flyers.
Patient candidacy is determined by the doctor and speech pathologist.
Patient capital is seen as a failure to respond to market signals.
Patient care becomes more sophisticated.
Patient care comes first.
Patient care excludes telephone consultation for a poison center.
Patient care has no respect for the clock.
Patient care includes oral prophylaxis and oral hygiene.
Patient care is a major emphasis in the curriculum.
Patient care is a primary mission of dental schools and other academic dental institutions.
Patient care is a social service, and society thrives on values.
Patient care is a team effort.
Patient care is another.
Patient care is at the heart of our mission .
Patient care is at the heart of our mission.
Patient care is based on individual abilities and response to treatment.
Patient care is compromised when health care is viewed strictly as a business.
Patient care is compromised when there is inadequate staffing of registered nurses.
Patient care is coordinated through multidisciplinary disease specific-programs.
Patient care is delivered with compassion and a focus on total well-being.
Patient care is directed by an individualized treatment plan created by our treatment team.
Patient care is directed toward true emergencies anything that threatens life, limb, or eyesight.
Patient care is discussed and planned in a patient care conference.
Patient care is enhanced when clinical information is readily available to healthcare providers.
Patient care is extremely well funded.
Patient care is family-oriented and continuous over the three years.
Patient care is grounded in the roots of the organization.
Patient care is improved with a better rested, more alert physician.
Patient care is improved.
Patient care is informed by multidisciplinary expertise.
Patient care is more immediate when doctors and nurses have real-time voice communications.
Patient care is our first priority.
Patient care is our primary concern, and all of our staff are selected and trained on that basis.
Patient care is our primary concern.
Patient care is our priority.
Patient care is performed by the housestaff under supervision by medical school faculty.
Patient care is prime concern.
Patient care is provided both in the outpatient clinic and to hospital inpatients.
Patient care is provided by highly qualified competent nurses.
Patient care is provided by leaders in dermatology using the latest techniques.
Patient care is provided for a broad range of endodontic problems.
Patient care is provided free and research findings are shared worldwide.
Patient care is provided in both the inpatient and the outpatient settings.
Patient care is scheduled for one to two half days a week for two to four months.
Patient care is supported by extensive programs in medical research and education.
Patient care is tailored to the mother's individual preferences.
Patient care is the arena in which the clinical skills of the resident develop.
Patient care is the cornerstone of our program.
Patient care is the life blood of emergency medicine.
Patient care is the main priority.
Patient care is the major reason RNs are organizing.
Patient care is the major vehicle for residency training.
Patient care is under control, now they just have to worry about having a little patience.
Patient care remains a joyous challenge.
Patient care remains an important aspect of the curriculum.
Patient care remains at the core of our mission, and it is the hallmark of our history.
Patient care remains our first and foremost goal and interest.
Patient care requires a team approach.
Patient care requires individualization based on patient needs and responses.
Patient care requires the overtime.
Patient care suffers.
Patient care takes on a different tone.
Patient care takes place in many settings, some of which are hazardous or dangerous.
Patient care takes priority.
Patient care takes time and concentration.
Patient care tops the list of everyday activities.
All patient care is provided under the direct supervision of licensed faculty dentists.
Most patient care is provided under the direct supervision of attending physicians.
Patient charts are often the only tangible evidence of the care and treatment provided.
Patient charts belongs to the employers.
Patient choice is a top priority.
Patient classes meet for both in and out-patients on an integral part of the rehabilitation process.
Patient comfort is an important factor.
Patient comfort is enhanced and current spill to unwanted muscle is groups is reducted.
Patient comfort is enhanced by being managed by somebody they know and trust.
Patient comfort is enhanced by offering padding and cushioning to the area.
Patient comfort is enhanced by the reduction or elimination of the splash and spray of cold water.
Patient comfort is essential to successful drainage.
Patient comfort is important for the successful outcome of dental procedures.
Patient comfort is increased and motion is reduced.
Patient comfort is increased with a more rounded, slender tip.
Patient comfort is key to a successful office treatment.
Patient communication is an important part of the chaplain's role.
Patient compartment is washed pine look with dark brown squad bench and jump seat.
Patient complaints are often unrelated to an identifiable gynecologic or urologic pathology.
Patient complaints vary depending on the source of infection.
Patient compliance becomes an issue because they no longer feel intense pain.
Patient compliance is a critical component of the overall management of osteoarthritis.
Patient compliance is a major problem.
Patient compliance is an important part of good health care.
Patient compliance is crucial.
Patient compliance is essential for the effective and safe application of allergen immunotherapy.
Patient compliance is essential.
Patient compliance is extraordinary because the therapy is soothing and quite comfortable.
Patient compliance is high, related to the few mild side effects and once-weekly dosing.
Patient compliance is important, but the treatment works.
Patient compliance is improved because ambulation is permitted.
Patient compliance is one of the most difficult issues of orthotic therapy.
Patient compliance is the major determinant of treatment outcome and is difficult to predict.
Patient compliance is the most common problem encountered when utilizing headgear appliance therapy.
Patient compliance is vital to successful therapy.
Patient compliance requires assessment.
Patient confidentiality is always a priority.
Patient confidentiality is an important part of medical and psychiatric treatment.
Patient confidentiality is built into the system.
Patient confidentiality is imperative.
Patient confidentiality is maintained at all times.
Patient confidentiality is maintained by retaining only records of lab numbers instead of names.
Patient confidentiality is maintained.
Patient confidentiality is observed for all students.
Patient confidentiality is of the utmost importance.
Patient confidentiality is of utmost importance. .
Patient confidentiality is one of the foundations of all medical practice.
Patient confidentiality is paramount.
Patient confidentiality is the keystone for the trust necessary for medical care.
Patient confidentiality is to be maintained at all times.
Patient confidentiality is to be maintained.
Patient consent is mandatory, as every management strategy carries with it some element of risk.
Patient consent is required before information can be released, even for routine disclosures.
Patient consent is required for disclosure of health information, whether routine or non-routine.
Patient consent is required today before the disclosure of medical records.
Patient considerations are detailed.
Patient contact begins early in the first year and increases throughout the four years.
Patient contact depends largely upon the initiative of residents who participate.
All patient contact is tracked to ensure that sites perform follow-up as needed.
Patient continuity is addressed through the use of health care teams.
Patient controls are easy to use and provide operation of back, knee, and bed height functions.
Patient cooperation is important for a good therapeutic outcome.
Patient counseling begins as soon as the patient enters the pharmacy.
Patient counseling is one of the ob-gyn's most important jobs.
Patient database supports centralized or distributed storage.
Patient data are sometimes only partly available.
Patient data does have an appropriate use in ensuring quality care.
Patient data includes extensive information about breast and ovarian cancer in relatives.
Patient data is collected daily from the numerous hospitals in the system.
Patient data is collected using the telephone or web page.
Patient data is collected with references to specific names and is highly confidential.
Patient data is in red, computed probabilities are in blue.
Patient data is more centralized.
Patient data is stored and is then quickly and easily accessed.
Patient data is stored in a relational database for easy retrieval, analysis and exchange.
Patient data traveling over the Internet is encrypted.
All patient data is encrypted for security.
All patient data is fictional for demonstration purposes.
All patient data is stored on redundant disk arrays with daily off-site backup.
Patient death can be rapid due to death of meudallary neurons that control respiration.
Patient demand remains insatiable.
Patient demographics range from newborns to geriatrics.
Patient diplomacy is the way to address such differences among friends and allies.
Patient discharge has serious implications.
Patient discomfort is less and the overall length of stay is reduced.
All patient discussions are to be considered purely hypothetical, for illustrative purposes only.
Patient distress is the prime indication for therapy.
Patient divers see critters they'd never notice if they kept on the move all the time.
Patient documentation is critical to winning grievances, appeals, arbitration and lawsuits.
Patient dosimetry is the accurate determination of the radiation dose given during radiotherapy.
Patient education begins in the early post-operative period and continues after hospital discharge.
Patient education can minimize fear.
Patient education Developing a good relationship with patients is important.
Patient education Helping patients better understand panic disorder is very beneficial.
Patient education identify patient and family needs and readiness to learn.
Patient education increases compliance and encourages patients to take their medications.
Patient education increases the likelihood of lifelong success.
Patient education is a basic part of the follow-up plan for patients with allergic rhinitis.
Patient education is a central part of good asthma management.
Patient education is a feature of all reviews provided in hospital.
Patient education is a good thing.
Patient education is a key component in optimizing the potential benefits of self-monitoring.
Patient education is a major focus for the clinical dietitian's.
Patient education is a major focus of the department.
Patient education is a very important and integral part of health care and respiratory care.
Patient education is a vital part of lithotripsy treatment.
Patient education is also a key to effective risk reduction.
Patient education is also a priority.
Patient education is also critical.
Patient education is always a major part of home-care services.
Patient education is an essential component of diabetes treatment.
Patient education is an essential component of preventive care.
Patient education is an essential component of successful asthma management.
Patient education is an essential part of the evaluation process.
Patient education is an important component in physical therapy.
Patient education is an important component of any cancer assessment program.
Patient education is an important component of health promotion and complications prevention.
Patient education is an important component of our well-woman exams.
Patient education is an important component of treatment.
Patient education is an important element in treatment.
Patient education is an important ongoing process.
Patient education is an important part of any practice.
Patient education is an important part of our practice.
Patient education is an important tool for improving adherence.
Patient education is an integral and essential part of a patient's care.
Patient education is critical .
Patient education is critical.
Patient education is extremely important in the management of perimenopausal symptoms.
Patient education is extremely important.
Patient education is important to prevent recurrences.
Patient education is important to reduce anxiety levels that often accompany intense low back pain.
Patient education is important with any treatment.
Patient education is important.
Patient education is interactive.
Patient education is key to successful management of asthma.
Patient education is necessary to neutralize the effect they are having on the community.
Patient education is no longer just patients receiving and following medical advice.
Patient education is of prime importance in the implementation of a caremap program.
Patient education is paramount in decisions surrounding prostate cancer.
Patient education is paramount in out-patient ambulatory surgery.
Patient education is provided in asthma and diabetes.
Patient education is provided in the clinic and at the bedside to both children and their parents.
Patient education is provided to families and their children.
Patient education is simply a good marketing tool as well.
Patient education is the cornerstone of diabetes treatment and management.
Patient education is the cornerstone of good communication.
Patient education is the cornerstone of our service.
Patient education is the golden egg of managed care.
Patient education is the other factor.
Patient education is the primary focus.
Patient education is the primary issue in dental health.
Patient education is therefore a major component of asthma management.
Patient education is therefore an integral part of the program.
Patient education is very important in the treatment of asthma.
Patient education is vital in order to ensure responsible self-care.
Patient education is, therefore, an essential component of residency training for family physicians.
Patient education occurs from the moment upon entering the office.
Patient education plays a vital role.
Patient education plays an important role in the patient's overall treatment plan.
Patient education regarding correct use of salmeterol is critical.
Patient education takes time and repetition.
Patient eligibility is reviewed on a yearly basis.
Patient empowerment is a dual challenge.
Patient endurance attains all things.
Patient endurance is in contrast to retaliation cf.
Patient enrollment is ethnically representative.
Patient entry is based on an assessment clinic.
Patient escorts are ready to assist with wheelchairs and directions at patient drop-off areas.
Patient evaluation emphasizes functional analysis and tissue diagnosis.
Patient evaluation includes a comprehensive vascular and neurological evaluation of the lower limb.
Patient evaluation is the central experiential and didactic core of the Psychiatry Clerkship.
Patient evaluations occur at all levels.
Patient exams are extremely easy and take less than one minute.
Patient examples are available.
Patient expectations are normal.
Patient experiences are welcome.
Patient file has primary, secondary and tertiary insurance listing.
Patient files are available to all professional staff involved with a patient.
Patient files turn up in used computer.
Patient flow IS cash flow.
Patient flow is particularly sensitive to the shift scheduling of physicians.
Patient frustration is obvious.
Patient gardeners can also grow succulents from seed.
Patient gender is recorded at date of admission or start of care.
Patient goals are different in a school setting, as well.
Patient groups can help spread awareness of new drugs at a pre-launch stage.
Patient groups say they deserve more details.
Patient groups think the same way.
Patient handouts abound on the Internet.
Patient handouts are also available in Chinese, Vietnamese and Korean.
Patient history is a much more reliable source of diagnosis.
Patient history is very important.
Patient history questionnaire if pertinent to the visit, i.e. new patient.
Patient identification is a second area that requires more study and better guidelines.
Patient identification is accomplished by checking the patient armband and patient chart.
Patient identification is the most important step in the transfusion procedure.
Patient identity is kept confidential.
Patient improvement is usually noticeable within six months to one year after surgery.
Patient individuality is a key concept in homeopathy.
Patient information comes in many forms and in high volume.
Patient information consists of demographic, clinical, and other supporting data.
Patient information includes factsheets on symptoms and treatment.
Patient information is a prominent subject of protection in all regulations governing research.
Patient information is available for printing in both English and Spanish.
Patient information is available on several topics, and links are provided to related sites.
Patient information is available under a distinct heading.
Patient information is brief.
Patient information is comprehensive and well organized.
Patient information is currently available in English, Spanish, Italian, and Japanese.
Patient information is kept strictly confidential.
Patient information is mandatory.
Patient information is perhaps the most critical communication that takes place within a hospital.
Patient information is provided for educational purposes only.
Patient information is provided on sexual health matters for men and women.
Patient information is solely initials, date of birth, sex and dosage.
Patient information is the lifeblood of quality health care.
Patient information leaflets relating to their areas.
Patient information reads like a technical journal.
Patient information regarding the use of Depakote in migraine patients is available.
Patient information relating to cancer is also available.
All patient information can be easily and cost-effectively encrypted for privacy.
All patient information is confidential .
All patient information is confidential.
All patient information is handled under strict security and all transactions are logged.
All patient information is held in the strictest confidence.
All patient information is kept confidential.
All patient information is maintained in the registry database under strict confidentiality.
All patient information is protected and confidential.
All patient information is strictly confidential.
All patient information remains on a secure system within the clinic.
Patient instruction is included.
Patient instructions are simple and easy to follow.
Patient interactions emphasize interview and intervention.
Every patient interaction is a marketing opportunity.
Patient lives are at stake.
Patient line includes swiveling leur lock connector.
Patient load consists mostly of orthopedic cases but a knowledge of geriatrics is a plus.
Patient load is moderate.
Patient management exercises.
Patient management involves the critical care, surgical, rehabilitative and outpatient settings.
Patient management is assisted by fellows becoming members of interdisciplinary teams.
Patient management is described.
Patient management is planned and instituted by trainees under the supervision of the staff.
Patient management presents challenges in respiratory, thoracic, neurologic and orthopedic care.
Patient management requires more indirect work and time from practitioner.
Patient mix includes adult medical, pediatric and newborn patients.
Patient motivation can decrease in the teenage years.
Patient motivation is a key component for success in a weight loss program.
Patient motivation is also a key issue.
Patient motivation is essential, because although the risks of surgery are low, they do exist.
Patient motivation is evaluated at the time of pre-operative counseling.
All patient names are pseudonyms.
Patient neglect allows tumors to grow, and the larger the tumor, the greater the patient's risk.
Patient noncompliance can present serious challenges to nurses and physicians providing care.
Patient noncompliance has far-reaching implications.
Patient noncompliance is a common problem.
Patient noncompliance is a frequent stumbling block to successful rehabilitation.
Patient numbers continue to grow .
Patient observation can turn a simple set of hoofprints into a tremendous source of information.
Patient observation is one of the main works of the catechist, and it is often rewarding.
Some patient organizations are quite successful as political pressure-groups.
Patient outcome is determined by clinical, physiologic, and pathologic assessment.
Patient outcome is improved by a directed resection of the segment of perforated intestine.
Patient pages describe the current study requirements and clinical treatments that are available.
Patient parents score big with children.
Patient parking is available at one of several parking garages close to the building.
Patient parking is available both in front and in back of the building.
Patient parking is available immediately in front of the entrance.
Patient parking is available in the adjacent lot.
Patient parking is available in the parking lot in front of the medical center.
Patient parking is by special permit only.
Patient parking is directly behind the building.
Patient parking is discounted.
Patient parking is free.
Patient parking is marked and available free of charge.
Patient parking is marked.
Patient participation is anticipated and encouraged.
Patient participation is encouraged and appreciated.
Patient participation is encouraged in every aspect through attitude, diet, exercise and education.
Patient participation is strictly voluntary.
Patient participation needs to be independent of the practitioner.
Patient people are less likely to cause panic.
Patient people are mores.
Patient people endure difficulties with calmness and perseverance.
Patient people have a long fuse.
Patient people take time to plan their vacations together.
Patient perception is an important factor in understanding patient satisfaction and improvement.
Patient perception is another critical factor.
Patient persistence is essential, especially with volunteers.
Patient photography is available in the studio, clinic, on patient floors and in operating rooms.
Patient pictures are now available.
Patient plasma is added to pepsin-digested type III collagen immobilized on microtiter wells.
Patient plasma is diluted with factor V-deficient plasma.
Patient plasma is exposed to normal platelets and ristocetin.
Patient population consists largely of low-income and minority clients.
Patient population includes adolescents, adults and their families.
Patient population includes health problems that are generally complex medical problems.
Patient population is both inpatient and outpatient.
Patient population is largely tertiary care.
Patient population is up.
Patient populations become bigger.
Patient populations represent the full spectrum of type of severity of difficulties.
Some patient populations are also at an increased risk.
Patient position is critical for accurate assessments.
Patient preference is the best guide.
Patient preferences are an essential component of value-based medical care.
Patient preferences are an important part of the shared decision-making process.
Patient preparation involves removing clothing and jewelry and wearing a patient gown.
Patient preparation Remove all clothing above the waist.
Patient preparation varies from center to center, depending on a number of issues.
Patient privacy becomes an issue when prescribing data are sold.
Patient privacy is also an issue for the practice.
Patient privacy is also on the agenda.
Patient privacy is an important issue to address before distributing images on the Internet.
Patient privacy is increasingly at risk.
Patient privacy is of course a concern, as is informed consent.
Patient privacy is particularly critical in ensuring high quality mental health care.
Patient privacy is particularly critical in ensuring high quality psychiatric care.
Patient privacy raises yet another concern.
Patient prognosis is poor.
Patient progress is monitored and reported regularly to the patient's physician.
Patient protection is an issue that there is a solution on policy grounds.
Patient protections are a priority for the American public.
Patient protections are meaningless if patients lack health insurance coverage.
Patient qualification is left to each physician's discretion.
Patient question is replied to by online doctors.
Patient questions welcome.
Patient quotes are the quintessence of anecdote.
Patient recognition is very important.
Patient recommendations are good for both professional and personal reasons.
Patient records are also computerized.
Patient records are an integral part of every practice.
Patient records are available when and where they are needed.
Patient records are critical in a practice.
Patient records are legal documents and are maintained for several reasons.
Patient records are neat and complete.
Patient records being misfiled or temorarily lost cause critical errors.
Patient recovery takes place within the same area under the care of cardiac specialists.
Patient recruitment is already underway.
Patient recruitment is complete.
Patient recruitment is conducted independently for each project.
Patient recruitment is currently in process.
Patient referrals are welcome from the medical community.
Patient relationships suffer.
Patient representation is the protector of patients' rights and the grievance mechanism.
Patient resources are available.
Patient response is very individualized.
Patient responsibility are the same as above.
Patient responsibility is placed above personal convenience or negotiable family obligation.
Patient results suggest that CEAs can be performed in the modern era without contrast arteriography.
Patient results vary depending upon many factors.
Patient results vary.
Patient rights are of the utmost importance.
Patient risks are under investigation, or no risk was identified.
Patient rooms are inadequate.
Patient rooms are large, bright and inviting with special sleeper chairs in each room.
Patient rooms are larger, more private and have a bathroom.
Patient rooms are rooms.
Patient rooms are spacious and attractively furnished.
Patient rooms are spacious.
Patient rooms can comfortably accommodate two visitors at a time.
Patient rooms create a home-like feel with recliners, rocking chairs, and whirlpool tubs.
Patient rooms have large windows, and public spaces are flooded with sunlight.
Patient rooms offer a view of either the atrium or the hospital's surrounding lake.
All patient rooms are non-smoking, as is the entire hospital.
All patient rooms are private and specially equipped for critical care.
All patient rooms are private in order to accommodate greater flexibility and marketability.
All patient rooms are private.
All patient rooms are semi-private.
All patient rooms have a personal phone at the bedside with an individual number.
All patient rooms have access to the most advanced medical monitoring and treatment facilities.
All patient rooms have private phones and are wired for cable television.
Some patient rooms come with an ocean view window, almost a healing experience in itself.
Patient safety comes first.
Patient safety is a monster issue.
Patient safety is a primary goal.
Patient safety is a primary responsibility of every healthcare professional.
Patient safety is a subset of health care quality.
Patient safety is a top priority.
Patient safety is also a concern.
Patient safety is always our highest priority.
Patient safety is an ongoing necessity.
Patient safety is our main concern, for two reasons.
Patient safety is our number one concern.
Patient safety is our primary concern.
Patient safety is our top priority.
Patient safety is paramount.
Patient safety is really our utmost concern.
Patient safety is the priority of the registered nurse and other members of the health care team.
Patient safety is too vital to be left to chance.
Patient safety is, and always has been, the number one priority for nurse anesthetists.
Patient safety seems to be a concern.
Patient satisfaction depends on good communication with the doctor.
Patient satisfaction is a significant component in the success of a capitated practice.
Patient satisfaction is also a critical part of a quality improvement initiative.
Patient satisfaction is also extremely high.
Patient satisfaction is always a number one concern.
Patient satisfaction is an important component of quality of care.
Patient satisfaction is an integral part of medical care.
Patient satisfaction is an interesting issue.
Patient satisfaction is as important as excellent clinical outcomes.
Patient satisfaction is critical.
Patient satisfaction is excellent.
Patient satisfaction is high for both medical and mental health consultation.
Patient satisfaction is much higher when they know what to expect and when.
Patient satisfaction is one important measure of quality.
Patient satisfaction is our goal.
Patient satisfaction is our greatest concern.
Patient satisfaction is our number one priority.
Patient satisfaction is probably the most important indicator of a successful pain practice.
Patient satisfaction is the next major issue in the booklet.
Patient satisfaction is usually high.
Patient satisfaction is very high.
Patient satisfaction pays - Quality service for practice success.
Patient satisfaction stands to be improved by the hospitalist movement.
Patient satisfaction tends to increase when PAs are on staff, for several reasons.
Patient scheduling is somewhat reflective of the economic principle of supply and demand.
All patient scheduling is done by scheduling clerks located on each floor of the building.
Patient sections provide information on use of drugs and medicine.
Patient selection can influence a program's pregnancy rate.
Patient selection is based on entirely on clinical history and physical findings.
Patient selection is based on the individual patient and aneurysm anatomy.
Patient selection is critical.
Patient selection is crucial.
Patient selection is essential in achieving acceptable results.
Patient selection is important in maximizing success.
Patient selection is important.
Patient selection is the key to reconstruction success.
Patient selection is the key to successful treatment.
Patient selection is the key.
Patient selection plays an important role in a successful outcome.
Patient service includes primary, secondary and tertiary care.
Patient services added in recent months include cardiac diagnostics and bone densitometry.
Patient services encompass the treatment of nonmalignant and malignant pain.
Patient sessions teach meditation, imagery for treatment.
Patient simulators breathe life into product testing .
Patient site is staffed with specialty trained telehealth nurse clinicians.
Patient statements are laser printed on attractive, perforated color paper.
Patient suggestions regarding our services are always welcome.
Patient suicide brings therapists lasting pain.
Patient supervision is provided by four faculty on a rotational basis.
Patient support links Children spend three times longer in the sun than adults.
Patient surveys indicate that the efforts to improve service and expand facilities are paying off.
Patient surveys show customer satisfaction extremely high.
Patient surveys show dramatic improvements in satisfaction with the holistic care they receive.
Patient survival following bone marrow transplantation depends on a variety of factors.
Patient survival is correlated with formal education in some studies.
Patient symptoms are the most important factor in determining when to do surgery.
Patient teaching is emphasized.
Patient teaching is incorporated into the nursing process.
Patient teaching is incorporated throughout the text for each major classification.
Patient teaching is most effective when performed at an appropriate level of comprehension.
Patient teaching is paramount.
Patient teaching is provided through the use of handouts and verbal communication.
Patient technique is observed and corrections are taught.
Patient testimonials declare success at buying controlled substances such as narcotic painkillers.
Patient throughput is increased because exams are faster.
Patient tolerance is much better if only one set of hemorrhoids is treated at a time.
Patient transport includes preparation, movement to and from, and time spent at destination.
Patient transport is handled by a local private ambulance company.
Patient travel is already a part of the transplant system.
Patient treatment is stratified by tumour stage, grade and recurrence status.
Patient treatment varies with the possible underlying causes for organic burning mouth.
Patient treatments are at the discretion and under the close supervision of the attending clinician.
Patient trust is fundamental to the relationship thus established.
Most patient units have a small kitchen across from the nursing station.
Patient visits are by appointment only.
Patient visits are on the rise and calls from vendors and bill collectors are subsiding.
Patient visits are up throughout the building.
Patient visits can last up to three hours.
All patient visits are by appointment only.
All patient visits are by appointment.
Patient volume has an impact on what family physicians 'produce' during outpatient visits.
Patient volume is initially small and slow to build.
Patient wellness is the cornerstone of the healthcare arena.
A patient is a case
A patient is a sufferer
Patient accepts financial assistance.
Patient accepts medical assistance.
Patient admits to two marriages but no other serious illnesses.
Patient also losses taste for food, mood swing, gets irritated, etc.
Patient appears to be in severe pain.
Patient arrives for appointment, having fasted for at least four hours.
Patient arrives to SNF with no orders for anticoagulant.
Patient becomes aware of muscle tension.
Patient becomes increasingly unproductive, yet increasingly happy.
Patient begins treatment with psychologist.
Patient brings in an unknown tablet.
Patient build off the courage because chosen buy inexpensive baseball equipments.
Patient burn underneath either shape hence is medical information online.
Patient calls to be treated as equal partners are falling on deaf ears.
Patient calls to do telephone intake interview.
Patient can be lift up and over the tub's edge in case of emergency .
Patient chooses ultrasound now.
Patient claims to be despondent at all times of day.
Patient clenches the pad.
Patient Comes First.
Patient comes in complaining of hoarseness.
Patient complains about being unable to stand.
Patient complains about scar.
Patient complains fetus has the hiccups very frequently.
Patient complains of bleeding, tender gum tissue.
Patient complains of diarrhea.
Patient complains of difficulty breathing, swelling, or chest pain at mid-sternum.
Patient complains of dyspnea.
Patient complains of easy fatigue, swelling of limbs and face, or generalized swelling.
Patient complains of epistaxis, or nasal pain.
Patient complains of facial pain, headache, post-nasal drip, fever.
Patient complains of headache.
Patient complains of loss of vision secondary to the appearance of facial lesions.
Patient complains of nausea, vomiting, and abdominal pain.
Patient complains of new or increased acne-like lesions on the face, upper trunk or genitals.
Patient complains of new or persistent glandular swellings on neck or in armpit or groin.
Patient complains of new seizures.
Patient complains of pain in hip or knee and holds the extremity externally rotated.
Patient complains of pain, tearing, often has a history of trauma.
Patient complains of pain.
Patient complains of painful skin blisters or ulcerations along one side of the face or body.
Patient complains of painful ulcerative areas in mouth.
Patient complains of photophobia.
Patient complains of throbbing pain around the site of the laceration.
Patient completes financial statement that includes income, assets, and liabilities.
Patient completes information section and gives to nurse along with prescriptions.
Patient completes monthly follow-up assessments to measure treatment progress.
Patient continues to be pain-free.
Patient continues to do well.
Patient continues to experience hallucinations .
Patient continues to have trace protein.
Patient demonstrates comprehension and ability to utilize yawn-sigh technique successfully.
Patient demonstrates poor hygiene skills.
Patient denies chest pain but does feel short of breath.
Patient denies chest pain.
Patient denies injury.
Patient denies ROM or vaginal bleeding.
Patient denies smoking or alcohol abuse.
Patient denies use of alcohol or tobacco.
Patient denies use of alcohol, tobacco or illicit drugs.
Patient describes a pleasant atmosphere.
Patient describes the alleged 'accident' in hesitant, embarrassed or evasive manner.
Patient develops irritability, depression and craving for salt.
Patient dies or is rehospitalized or discharged before the designated time frame.
Patient dies or transfers facilities.
Patient dies waiting for cardiac surgery.
Patient does have mild global headaches, but no nausea or vomiting, no neck pain or stiffness.
Patient donates old, bad organs to science.
Patient doses in hysterosalpingography.
Patient dosing with beclomethasone is scheduled to begin next week.
Patient elects hospice benefit.
Patient experiences a sense of meaning of life with a life review process.
Patient experiences a serious adverse experience.
Patient experiences an intermittent blur of vision when they go from near to distance vision.
Patient fails to demonstrate progress towards documented interdisciplinary goals.
Patient fails to make direct eye contact.
Patient fails to take the medication.
Patient falls is another area where detection and prevention have paid off.
Patient features The neuropathy is asymmetric .
Patient feels cold.
Patient feels fine, no pain, normal.
Patient feels giddy.
Patient feels much better but complains of pain at site of wound.
Patient feels temporarily very well.
Patient feels that non-working patients be told to come in later.
Patient feels the headaches are slightly worse recently occuring several times each week.
Patient finds hat taped to wall and retrieves it.
Patient gateways into healthcare can be slow, duplicating and inefficient.
Patient gives a history of being very unhappy and isolated.
Patient goes home following the treatment.
Patient goes home with a portable muscle monitor for pelvic exercises.
Patient goes into long, thin tunnel while lying on table.
Patient holds arms out from sides, palms up, and completely straightens and bends elbows.
Patient improves for a time, then relapses.
Patient incurs no financial penalty for using non-formulary drug.
Patient indicates preference following surgery consultation.
Patient Is a Person.
Patient is able to clean up work area independently.
Patient is able to cook the egg appropriately.
Patient is able to die in environment of choice.
Patient is able to generate maximum voluntary ventilation without retractions.
Patient is able to melt margarine or add oil to pan before adding egg.
Patient is able to perform most activities of daily living.
Patient is able to recognize when the egg is cooked sufficiently to eat.
Patient is able to remove the egg from the pan and place it on the plate safely.
Patient is able to safely and correctly turn on the heating element beneath the frying pan.
Patient is able to tolerate fluids.
Patient is able to void.
Patient is air evacuated to Miami.
Patient is allergic to penicillin.
Patient is asymptomatic.
Patient is at term with previous term normal vaginal delivery.
Patient is coherent but appears ill.
Patient is conscious and comfortable indicators are excellent.
Patient is conscious and comfortable.
Patient is conscious but in agony, unable to speak because of lockjaw.
Patient is continent.
Patient is dead.
Patient is dialysis dependent at the time immediately prior to transplantation.
Patient is drowsy, unarousable or excessively somnolent.
Patient is encourage to micturate frequently.
Patient is homebound.
Patient is in a deep coma.
Patient is in a hospital gown.
Patient is in New York City.
Patient is in respiratory failure.
Patient is in the supine, anterior-posterior position.
Patient is inconsistent with single word reading comprehension.
Patient is lucid and wishes for no further treatment.
Patient is mobile within a day.
Patient is on bench.
Patient is paraparetic or paraplegic with urinary and fecal incontinence.
Patient is pregnant or nursing female .
Patient is pregnant.
Patient is prone on CAT table and the biopsy needle is shown extending into periaortic node mass.
Patient is prone.
Patient is reluctant to speak or disagree in front of the abuser.
Patient is respiratory, cardiac, fetal or other mechanical monitoring during transit.
Patient is responsible for all copayments and deductible amounts at time of service.
Patient is responsible for cosmetic options on lenses.
Patient is responsible for notifying HN of inpatient admission.
Patient is responsible for payment.
Patient is responsible for reduced benefits.
Patient is severely impulsive in destructive ways.
Patient is stilon right side in position of slight side-bending.
Patient is thirsty.
Patient is unable to give informed consent due to psychiatric or other mental disorder.
Patient is unable to move limb while on their back.
Patient is unable to open mouth.
Patient is unable to relax muscles.
Patient is unable to store new information.
Patient is unable to talk, move and sometimes breathe.
Patient is unconscious and appears to have a broken arm as well as possible head and neck injuries.
Patient is unconscious or in shock.
Patient is under the influence of drugs or alcohol.
Patient isa individual.
Patient isa person.
Patient isa somebody.
Patient isa someone.
Patient lacks atopic history or eosinophilia.
Patient leans forward, sitting squarely, hands on knees.
Patient leaves before five days.
Patient leaves before three days.
Patient leaves exam room and checks out.
Patient leaves hospital before five days.
Patient leaves treatment before completion of period for timely assessment.
Patient lies down or relaxes in a sitting position.
Patient lies on a tilt table.
Patient lies on back.
Patient lies on right side.
Patient lies on the reclining chair and is positioned under the laser microscope.
Patient lies prone with pillows below the abdomen so that the spine flexes completely.
Patient lies supine with head resting on the pillow.
Patient lives a long distance from the hospital or has inadequate transportation.
Patient looks anxious, excited and trembling.
Patient maintains a sense of dignity and respect.
Patient manages pain control at home.
Patient meets the above criteria as a successful wean candidate.
Patient monitoring The patient's state of alertness is measured periodically.
Patient moves to a new location.
Patient needs assessment and referrals.
Patient needs insulin and lots of fluid.
Patient needs to talk it out.
Patient notes no current hormonal replacement therapy, and denies history of prior breast surgery.
Patient passes out.
Patient paying above either dance or lives womens sneakers.
Patient pays in advance.
Patient perceives a lose-lose situation.
Patient plays racquetball.
Patient polishing with a river stone creates a fine, high gloss surface.
Patient prefers a cool room and open windows.
Patient prefers to do counter work.
Patient presents evidence of sexual abuse.
Patient presents no limp and remains pain-free.
Patient produces Abs.
Patient pushes button, patient dies.
Patient rates the pain.
Patient recognizes minimal bleeding as new multiple floaters.
Patient records an accounting are computerized.
Patient reduces food intake.
Patient related care information is important over long periods of time.
Patient remains in the hospital doing very well.
Patient remains pain-free following treatment.
Patient removes hat from the wall and places it on the dummy.
Patient reports a high frequency of hard tack candy ingestion.
Patient reports a history of smoking pack per day, but otherwise no medical problems.
Patient reports alternating diarrheal stools and constipation.
Patient reports an atomosphere of constant tension.
Patient reports no dysuria.
Patient reports no weight loss or appearance of blood per rectum.
Patient reports some aggravating pettiness in the staff.
Patient requires additional diagnostic testing, education or guidance.
Patient requires continuous oral corticosteroid therapy or high-dose inhaled corticosteroids.
Patient requires disallowed medications.
Patient requires inpatient hospitalization for onset of acute symptoms.
Patient requires mechanical ventilation.
Patient requires medication with anti-CMV activity.
Patient requires oxygen or other emergency treatment en route to the destination.
Patient requires placement of an arterial line if continuous infusion administered.
Patient requires treatment with disallowed drugs.
Patient requires treatment with medications that are disallowed while on the study.
Patient requires ventilator support at night, off ventilator during the day.
Patient returns to sports if cleared by physician.
Patient returns to work for one year until pain becomes too severe.
Patient running the ball, finds the hole and makes defenders miss.
Patient seems constantly preoccupied, nearly deaf to wife and kids.
Patient senses positive body and motion experiences.
Patient services a good section.
Patient speaks only Spanish.
Patient stands in front of examiner with arms at side.
Patient stands on the heels and then rises up on the toes.
Patient stands with hands on hips.
Patient states that the exercise feels good regardless, and wants to continue.
Patient suffering from common cold feels restless and finds trouble in sleep.
Patient suffering from food poisoning needs immediate treatment.
Patient suffering from gastritis feel uneasy, depress, extreme weakness, etc.
Patient suffering from lower back pain is treated using potato.
Patient suffers from chronic back pain and desires Cesarean section.
Patient suffers from long term elbow and shoulder pain.
Patient suffers from occasional, constant, infrequent headaches.
Patient survives after three weeks on the ventilator.
Patient swallows without coughing or choking on liquids or solids.
Patient tries applications of heat, ice, plus pain medications with limited and temporary relief.
Patient turns on side.
Patient walks into a doctor's office.
Patient walks six blocks now.
Patient walks with a shuffling gait .
Patient walks with a waddle, has tender long bones.
Patient wants pastor, priest or rabbi notified of hospitalization.
Patient wastes such as bandages or disposable gowns.
Patient wears compression stalking and is now very active.
Patient wears surgical mask when being transported.
Patient works as an executive for a local pharmaceutical firm.
Patients absolutely love it.
Patients accept facts.
Patients acceptance with waiting times for total knee replacements .
Patients access biomedical information, gaining empowerment to make decisions.
Patients access information.
Patients access primary care in a variety of ways.
Patients access the system by using a private, individual password.
Patients access to all therapies except physiotherapy is by consultant referral only.
Patients access to care is desirable to the physician.
Patients accumulate a sphingolipid, glucocerebroside in the liver, spleen and bone marrow.
Patients achieve health.
Patients achieve optimum health.
Patients achieve results.
Patients actively exchange information and support at all hours of each day.
Patients actually look forward to being scanned, so they can see how they are doing.
Patients actually recuperate faster at home than in the hospital.
Patients adjust the dosage of their medication without consulting their physician.
Patients adopt diets.
Patients adopt fat diets.
Patients advocates also a voice to be heard.
Patients agree to operations only under the most extreme circumstances, since there's no anesthesia.
Patients allergy to aspirin.
Patients already find it harder to get a nurse to respond promptly when they call for help.
Patients already have the right to sue.
Patients already receiving chemotherapy are eligible only if their disease is chemoresponsive.
Patients also absorb the cost of twice weekly drug infusion and lab tests.
Patients also apply antifungal creams on a regular basis after bathing.
Patients also appreciate remaining in the privacy and comfort of their own homes.
Patients also appreciate the difference in price.
Patients also appreciate the immediate service.
Patients also appreciate the improved cosmetic result of smaller scars.
Patients also are the target of heavy drug promotions.
Patients also bear some responsibility for avoiding or resolving conflict.
Patients also benefit because of their ability to have more universal access to proper care.
Patients also benefit by avoiding the cost and hardship of traveling far longer distances.
Patients also benefit from bus rounds in more ways than one.
Patients also benefit from fewer surgeries if cancer is found .
Patients also benefit from ongoing research protocols.
Patients also benefit from on-site laboratory and radiology services.
Patients also benefit from our centralized operation.
Patients also benefit from seeking treatment at a facility that conducts clinical research studies.
Patients also benefit from supportive psychotherapy and problem-focused support groups.
Patients also benefit from the centralization of related services.
Patients also benefit from the department's team approach.
Patients also benefit from the experience of others via videotaped patient interviews.
Patients also benefit from the opportunity to discuss treatment and ask questions about it.
Patients also benefit from written instructions.
Patients also benefit whenever endoscopic procedures are elected.
Patients also can choose to pay a bit on a sliding scale.
Patients also can communicate with others in the interactive forums.
Patients also can develop nausea and severe abdominal pain or cramping.
Patients also can expect to have their results quickly.
Patients also can have their teeth whitened at home in a procedure called night guard bleaching.
Patients also can insist on going to a particular hospital.
Patients also can move home, with home health care if needed.
Patients also can self-refer.
Patients also can use other barrier methods of contraception to further reduce risk.
Patients also cite failures in hospital procedures.
Patients also communicate with their doctors by telling stories.
Patients also complain of a burning sensation inside and outside the anus.
Patients also complain of cramping in the foot.
Patients also complain of pain in the neck or back of the head, relieved by lying down.
Patients also complain of stiffness and often limp when they walk.
Patients also complain.
Patients also complete baseline testing that day.
Patients also consult with the psychiatric nurse and the program social worker.
Patients also demand the best possible care of their disease states.
Patients also develop a strong grasping reflex.
Patients also develop cataracts requiring surgery.
Patients also encounter episodes of pain known as sickle cell crises.
Patients also enjoy being a partner in the teaching process.
Patients also enjoy the more personal and holistic approach of complementary practitioners.
Patients also exercise and undergo physical therapy to build up their stamina.
Patients also experience a dull ache in the perineum for several days.
Patients also experience a lack of energy and disrupted sleep patterns.
Patients also experience inflammation of blood vessels, primarily in the lungs.
Patients also experience sensitivity to light, irritation, mucus production and blurred vision.
Patients also experience that carbonated soft drinks taste metallic.
Patients also experience transient hematuria, or temporary blood in the urine, after the procedure.
Patients also face enormous financial burdens.
Patients also fear loss of control and commonly fear dependency.
Patients also find it beneficial to cut down on the intake of caffeine, salt, and alcohol also help.
Patients also find it useful for identifying healthy or unhealthy habits.
Patients also find printed material helpful.
Patients also find that computers affect the consultation.
Patients also find themselves seeing the physician more frequently and for more serious problems.
Patients also gain the right to examine and request corrections to their health records.
Patients also gain the right to inspect and request corrections to their records.
Patients also get support from various philanthropic organizations and programs.
Patients also have a choice of listening to soft piano or synthesizer.
Patients also have a general right to look at the originals.
Patients also have a number of rights.
Patients also have a responsibility for complying with isolation precautions.
Patients also have a right to be informed about and participate in their health care.
Patients also have access to a list of videos on demand.
Patients also have access to a wide variety of clinical research protocols.
Patients also have access to all radio channels from their beside.
Patients also have access to new and experimental therapies as soon as they are available.
Patients also have access to research protocols and clinical trials.
Patients also have access to the Internet.
Patients also have less anxiety when they needn t travel back and forth to hearings.
Patients also have leukocytosis and unusually dramatic elevations in ferritin.
Patients also have sensory experience in their phantoms.
Patients also have somatosensory symptoms such as facial twitching and tongue numbness.
Patients also have the option of participating in center-sponsored research projects.
Patients also have the option of searching for clinical trials on their own.
Patients also have the option to have a nurse administer chemotherapy.
Patients also have the right to demand amendment of their records if incomplete or inaccurate.
Patients also have the right to inspect and copy their records and suggest corrections.
Patients also have the right to know exactly what is in the products that they purchase.
Patients also have to cope with side effects, which can include chronic diarrhea and nausea.
Patients also keep a pocket diary to record symptoms and when they occur.
Patients also learn diet and exercise tips.
Patients also learn how to disguise hair loss using wigs, turbans, scarves and various accessories.
Patients also learn how to have healthy lifestyles.
Patients also learn more about the procedure, possible risks, and what to expect from the outcome.
Patients also learn to adopt a more healthy and self-reliant lifestyle.
Patients also like the personal touch the phone call brings.
Patients also lose half as much blood with the endovascular technique.
Patients also make doctors better.
Patients also note cyclic chipping, breaking or peeling of fingernails.
Patients also note rash, fatigue and headache.
Patients also pay for prescription drugs.
Patients also prefer the several small scars to the single large scar, when given the choice.
Patients also present with orthopedic problems, minor trauma, and minor medical emergencies.
Patients also present with other medical conditions, which are treated on site.
Patients also receive a copy of their nevus photographs to use in self examination of their moles.
Patients also receive a free package of birth control pills if they choose that method.
Patients also receive resources to take home.
Patients also receive short-term inpatient care if needed for symptom management.
Patients also receive specialized oncology care and treatment, as well as kidney dialysis services.
Patients also receive support from a group of highly trained and dedicated volunteers.
Patients also recover in about two or three weeks, instead of six.
Patients also report immediate relief from the itching and tingling associated with some scars.
Patients also report increasingly severe menstrual cramps with the growth of their fibroids.
Patients also require significant information and support services.
Patients also say they returned to normal or nearly normal daily living.
Patients also seek treatment from physiatrists for musculoskeletal pain syndromes.
Patients also sign up independently.
Patients also suffer less discomfort from the new treatment than from the standard therapy.
Patients also tend to have throbbing, hemicranial pain as well as nausea and vomiting.
Patients also tend to keep most of the weight off.
Patients also tend to stay longer in the clinic.
Patients also undergo a musculoskeletal evaluation performed by a physical therapist.
Patients also undergo cognitive testing, agility testing and strength testing.
Patients also undergo complete blood work and a urinalysis.
Patients also undergo individual consultations.
Patients also use the veranda.
Patients also use two forms of contraceptives while taking the drug.
Patients also value perceived control over pain .
Patients also wear headphones to listen to their favorite music during the exam.
Patients also work out and attend educational lectures.
Patients also worry a lot about how their partners are coping.
Patients answer the survey questions by entering a number on the keypad.
Patients apparently benign laryngeal lesions selected and subjected to microlaryngeal examination.
Patients appear to function in society, but tend to exhibit flocking behavior in bird clubs.
Patients appear to have an impaired capacity to respond to an orthostatic challenge.
Patients appear to respond very well to chemotherapy.
Patients apply for the benefit through their physician.
Patients apply for their own insurance.
Patients appreciate a tingling sensation when the stimulator is active.
Patients appreciate attention to details, especially in the confusing world of insurance claims.
Patients appreciate being able to have the best of both approaches.
Patients appreciate being informed about what they can expect.
Patients appreciate being referred to the most highly qualified consultants.
Patients appreciate being treated as an individual instead of just another number in a long line.
Patients appreciate having phone calls returned quickly.
Patients appreciate learning about their eye problem.
Patients appreciate the convenience of a confidential hotline for lab test results.
Patients appreciate the extra effort on our part.
Patients appreciate the gift, but it has strings attached.
Patients appreciate the help with their daily routine as well as the valuable companionship.
Patients appreciate their physicians use of new technology.
Patients arbitrarily being denied treatment is ethics masquerading as clinical judgments.
Patients are a broad mix of ages and beneficiary types.
Patients are a broad mix of ages, beneficiary types, and ethnic groups.
Patients are a lot more satisfied if they can talk more, rather than less.
Patients are able to access the Internet via chairside laptops, wireless keyboards and headsets.
Patients are able to call their refills in either by leaving a message or using a touch tone phone.
Patients are able to choose where they receive specialty services.
Patients are able to drive a few days after returning home.
Patients are able to eat a light snack and drink immediately after the surgery.
Patients are able to ejaculate and in many cases father children.
Patients are able to go back to work within one to two days.
Patients are able to go home without undue difficulty after the procedure.
Patients are able to hear sounds from the machine when they barely move a muscle.
Patients are able to help the main character reduce symptoms of depression and anxiety.
Patients are able to leave after surgery with a feeling of complete and happy satisfaction.
Patients are able to leave the hospital the same day, and are able to return to work quickly.
Patients are able to make same day appointments.
Patients are able to participate in almost all types of vigorous sports.
Patients are able to perceive pain and have emotional reactions.
Patients are able to provide self-care such as ambulation to the bathroom without assistance.
Patients are able to raise any questions related to their surgery.
Patients are able to recover faster and return home sooner.
Patients are able to remember in the safety of the therapist's office.
Patients are able to resume intercourse in two weeks without pain.
Patients are able to resume normal activities the day after treatment.
Patients are able to resume their normal activities the next day.
Patients are able to return home after treatment but require a catheter for about one week.
Patients are able to return to most normal activity within four to five days after surgery.
Patients are able to return to normal activity within six to ten weeks of the procedure.
Patients are able to return to their usual daily routine immediately upon discharge.
Patients are able to return to work immediately following treatments.
Patients are able to return to work in one day.
Patients are able to return to work the day after the procedure, without restrictions.
Patients are able to self administer when appropriate.
Patients are able to shower once they are home.
Patients are able to shower two days after surgery.
Patients are able to stand to void, and sexual activity and fertility are satisfactory.
Patients are able to urinate and ejaculate without loss of sensation.
Patients are able to wear their orthotics with everyday and dress shoes.
Patients are able walk and move normally.
Patients are actually the tools for population approach.
Patients are affected by conditions.
Patients are affected by diseases.
Patients are affected by genetic conditions.
Patients are affected by respiratory diseases.
Patients are afraid of sexual misconduct accusations or of being perceived badly.
Patients are afraid of the anesthesia more than they are afraid from the operations.
Patients are all adult males with mental health, substance abuse, and legal problems.
Patients are almost always asymptomatic unless the central visual axis is involved.
Patients are almost always willing to give such consent.
Patients are almost universally Spanish speaking.
Patients are already e-mailing their physicians.
Patients are already more willing to complain.
Patients are also able to return to normal activities in a much shorter period of time.
Patients are also available.
Patients are also enthusiastic.
Patients are also in touch with telephone counselors trained in relapse prevention.
Patients are also more sophisticated now.
Patients are also on vacation.
Patients are also prone to frequent infections, neurological defects or bone marrow failure.
Patients are also very anemic.
Patients are also very sensitive to medications that are normally filtered by the liver.
Patients are always anxious to get out of the hospital.
Patients are an integral part of every teaching exercise.
Patients are anemic due to the premature breakdown of the blood cells in the spleen .
Patients are animals.
Patients are another matter.
Patients are anxious and in distress.
Patients are anxious to go home.
Patients are anxious.
Patients are apt to ventilate their feelings in a more relaxed atmosphere.
Patients are as active as they can be.
Patients are as young as one month with the average transplant recipient being six months.
Patients are asleep and the body is relaxed.
Patients are asleep for such a procedure.
Patients are asleep, so they feel no pain.
Patients are astounded with their new ability to see more clearly.
Patients are asymptomatic, and laboratory exams are normal.
Patients are asymptomatic, without associated systemic symptoms.
Patients are at an increased risk for recurrent infections, and a pungent smell can be noted.
Patients are at increased risk of stroke.
Patients are at risk for bacterial and fungal infections.
Patients are at risk for bacterial endocarditis.
Patients are at risk for bleeding as a result of inefficient blood clotting.
Patients are at risk for developing infections or having bad reactions to medications.
Patients are at risk for nephropathy resembling glomerulonephritis.
Patients are at risk from both primary CMV infection and reactivation of latent infection.
Patients are at risk in today's hospitals.
Patients are at risk of occasional explosive triggering of the complement system.
Patients are at risk of rupture of major arteries or the intestine.
Patients are awake and alert during the procedure.
Patients are awake and comfortable during the laser procedure.
Patients are awake during the procedure.
Patients are awake immediately after surgery and are usually out of bed the next day.
Patients are awake immediately after surgery and usually up and walking by the next morning.
Patients are awake throughout the procedure and most require only a twenty-four hour hospital stay.
Patients are awake, but sedated, during the hour-long procedure.
Patients are aware that diagnostic interviews run on the clinician s schedule.
Patients are back to normal activity within two weeks, the study authors write.
Patients are back to their regular activities the next day with little or no discomfort.
Patients are better informed and more involved and aware of their individual conditions.
Patients are bloated, have wounds all over, and are feeling distended.
Patients are blood-typed.
Patients are both Native and non-Native.
Patients are bulk billed.
Patients are cases.
Patients are clamoring for specialists and specialty care.
Patients are clinically stable between relapses.
Patients are clinically well, but infectious.
Patients are completely awake and alert throughout the entire painless procedure.
Patients are completely awake and aware during the entire procedure.
Patients are concerned about becoming addicted to opioids.
Patients are concerned about bleeding, which is quite common.
Patients are concerned about how they're going to live.
Patients are confused about having to make life and death decisions far in advance.
Patients are confused about restorations for posterior teeth.
Patients are confused and angry.
Patients are confused and keep asking the same questions.
Patients are constantly tired, short of breath and in and out of the hospital.
Patients are consumers in every sense of the word.
Patients are contagious during the acute illness and during the subclinical phase.
Patients are contagious primarily during the acute phase, when the blisters appear.
Patients are delighted to get off the ventilator sooner.
Patients are demanding e-mail access to their physicians, doctors and others say.
Patients are dependent on injected insulin for life.
Patients are double-billed for medical supplies and services .
Patients are eager to get better, and the therapists seem educated, caring, confident.
Patients are eager to have the new drug.
Patients are educable.
Patients Are Educable.
Patients are either self-referred or referred by their physician.
Patients are eligible for admission to the program by referral from their physician.
Patients are eligible for hospice care as soon as they are diagnosed with a life-limiting illness.
Patients are eligible for open label immediately upon completion of randomization.
Patients are eligible if there is gross residual disease after attempted surgical resection.
Patients are eligible to enroll on new or refill activity only.
Patients are eligible to receive a NO COST ADHD evaluation.
Patients are encouraged to go about most of their normal activities once they leave the hospital.
Patients are encouraged to use the online scheduling function.
Patients are euthyroid but suffering from chronic disease.
Patients are experts in their own health and history.
Patients are far more likely to return for follow-up testing if the test is painless.
Patients are fathers, mothers, sons, and daughters.
Patients are fearful.
Patients are female.
Patients are financially responsible for having any written prescriptions filled.
Patients are fit into existing work schedules without expanding hours or adding staff.
Patients are free of psychotropic and hypnotic medications for at least one month before treatment.
Patients are free to call whomever they wish.
Patients are free to choose from whom they receive treatment.
Patients are free to eat anything they want, so long as it is in that consistency.
Patients are free to leave at any time.
Patients are free to see any doctor on the preferred list, including specialists.
Patients are free to see the physician they choose.
Patients are free to select their health care providers as they see fit.
Patients are free to sit, stand or recline.
Patients are frequently below the norms in weight and height compared to children their own age.
Patients are from all income, ethnic and age groups.
Patients are from the neighborhood and throughout the metro area.
Patients are fully alert, comfortable, and free of nausea.
Patients are fully edentulous when they are missing all of their teeth.
Patients are generally awake for it, but sedation is usually used to relieve the discomfort.
Patients are generally lower socioeconomic status.
Patients are generally on thyroid-drug therapy for life.
Patients are generally pleased with the quality of care delivered by PEs.
Patients are generally reluctant to obtain care when their coverage is in question.
Patients are generally surprised by how well they feel when they leave the clinic.
Patients are generally surprised by how well they feel when they leave.
Patients are generally surprised how pain-free and easy the surgical procedures go.
Patients are generally very pleased.
Patients are genetic males, but have normal female appearance.
Patients are happier and improve more rapidly in the surroundings of home and family.
Patients are happy.
Patients are hard to shut off when they start telling dreams.
Patients are healthier.
Patients are held in captivity only until they are able to live independently in the wild.
Patients are hot and flushed.
Patients are human beings with feelings.
Patients are human.
Patients are humans.
Patients are ill.
Patients are important participants in making decisions that affect their care.
Patients are in a weakened state, and medications often have unpredictable side effects.
Patients are in beds in hallways, as well as any available space.
Patients are in control of the process.
Patients are in fact being denied care.
Patients are in semi-private rooms or four bed ward rooms.
Patients are in severe pain, and frequently require narcotic analgesics to reduce the paraphimosis.
Patients are in the hospital from one to three days.
Patients are individuals.
Patients are infectious during the viremia, which occurs a week before the symptoms appear.
Patients are interested in quality of care, and physicians want to provide quality care.
Patients are investments.
Patients are keen because their reasonable expectations are better met .
Patients are known to be heterogeneous, with a number of more or less favourable prognostic factors.
Patients are less interested in the philosophical debate.
Patients are less likely to sue if so informed and are better able to cope w ith the disease.
Patients are like homemade quilts.
Patients are literally ecstatically happy with the results.
Patients are located in dentists.
Patients are located in doctors.
Patients are located in tables.
Patients are loyal to their physicians who go and get help.
Patients are middle aged or elderly, and almost always smokers.
Patients are moderately ill and have fever.
Patients are more acutely ill.
Patients are more comfortable at home.
Patients are more comfortable when changing positions.
Patients are more contagious than carriers but carriers keep the disease alive.
Patients are more content knowing that their loved ones care about their well-being.
Patients are more demanding than ever before.
Patients are more demanding, more vocal, more informed.
Patients are more educated about cancer and the various treatment options now available.
Patients are more informed than ever before.
Patients are more likely to adhere to screening program after genetic counseling.
Patients are more likely to change their drinking behavior when they are involved in goal setting.
Patients are more likely to comply with a treatment program that they can manage.
Patients are more satisfied when they feel all of their concerns have been addressed.
Patients are most contagious during the early catarrhal stage.
Patients are most impressed.
Patients are most infectious during the first week of rash.
Patients are most interested in postoperative information.
Patients are most often babies and laryngoscopic procedures for intubation are usually easy.
Patients are most often male, usually children or young adults.
Patients are most symptomatic when walking on uneven surfaces.
Patients are mostly anxiety based, depressed and have mood disorders.
Patients are motivated seeing people like themselves dramatically improved by the procedure.
Patients are much more informed today because of media, corporate advertising, and the internet.
Patients are needier and more hostile.
Patients are never to be treated without being supervised by a faculty member.
Patients are no longer 'blind-dosed'.
Patients are no longer helpless petitioners but active consumers.
Patients are non-compliant.
Patients are notably sensitive to extrapyramidal effects of antipsychotic medications.
Patients are now able to tolerate aggressive, life-saving cancer treatments with minimal nausea.
Patients are now consumers.
Patients are now far more aware of their rights and the mechanisms for pursuing claims.
Patients are observed for low blood counts, headache, dizziness, bruising or infection.
Patients are obviously triaged and an attempt is made to get the sickest patients seen first.
Patients are of all ages and both genders.
Patients are of normal intelligence with no somatic cell deviations.
Patients are of reproductive age and usually complain of dysmenorrhea, dyspareunia and infertility.
Patients are off study.
Patients are often able to return to work the same day that the procedure is performed.
Patients are often asymptomatic at diagnosis.
Patients are often asymptomatic.
Patients are often awake but feel relaxed as they are given a mild sedative.
Patients are often chronically ill and require multiple services.
Patients are often completely dependent upon the care and service provided by care facilities.
Patients are often confused during and immediately after a seizure.
Patients are often delighted to meet students and to know that their physician is also an educator.
Patients are often depressed, unable to concentrate and have some loss of short-term memory.
Patients are often dyspneic at rest and gasping for breath.
Patients are often hesitant.
Patients are often hostile.
Patients are often ill prepared to decide without the counsel of a caring practitioner.
Patients are often in no position to disagree with a doctor who suggests a caesarean.
Patients are often in surgery for hours and surgeons can only treat about six patients each day.
Patients are often inaccurate in reporting family histories of mental illness.
Patients are often nauseous and exhausted, and their cholesterol levels can soar.
Patients are often noncompliant with their treatment regimens.
Patients are often pancytopenic and have enlarged spleens are presentation.
Patients are often people recovering from fractures, strokes, burns, nerve injuries, etc.
Patients are often refractory to treatment.
Patients are often reluctant to commit to complex treatment programs and want a simplified routine.
Patients are often reluctant to discuss medical expenses with doctors.
Patients are often reluctant to seek that intuition or to express it to doctors.
Patients are often reluctant to vocalize concerns unless they are asked.
Patients are often shy about telling their doctors they have pain.
Patients are often surprised at how quickly they feel better and can resume normal daily activities.
Patients are often unable to access their own medical records.
Patients are often unable to hold jobs or attend schools.
Patients are often unaware of their own sensitivities and ignore mild allergic reactions.
Patients are often unaware of their previous active infections.
Patients are often upset at the limited choices of in-plan specialists.
Patients are often very concerned about seeking opinions.
Patients are often very relieved to share a private sexual problem with an understanding physician.
Patients are often worried, frightened and physically sick.
Patients are on study and being followed.
Patients are on the treatment machines for only about ten minutes daily.
Patients are otherwise normal, and examination detects only muscle hypertrophy and stiffness.
Patients are our foremost constituency.
Patients are our foremost responsibility.
Patients are our passion.
Patients are our priority and so are our employees.
Patients are our top priority.
Patients are out in the community socializing with others.
Patients are out of bed the day of surgery.
Patients are partially edentulous when they are missing only some of their teeth.
Patients are patients.
Patients are people with medical problems who seek solutions.
Patients are people, too.
Patients are people.
Patients are people.
Patients are personally responsible for payment of bills.
Patients are photophobic and lacrimate profusely.
Patients are physician referred and remain under the supervision of that physician.
Patients are physician-supervised.
Patients are predominantly aboriginal and are friendly and welcoming to medical staff.
Patients are predominantly private pay.
Patients are prepared for and recover from surgery here.
Patients are prepared for surgery as organs are transported to each surgery site.
Patients are prepared for surgery with intravenous antibiotics.
Patients are primarily adults except for pediatric orthopaedic patients.
Patients are primarily prescribed anticoagulant medications.
Patients are private and include children and adults.
Patients are prone to bacterial infections.
Patients are prone to infection and have a high incidence of neoplasms.
Patients are proud of their accomplishments in orthodontic care and pleased with their new smiles.
Patients are proud to refer others to our practice.
Patients are psychiatric, chemically dependent, or developmentally disabled.
Patients are qualified for either pallidotomy or thalamotomy based on their set of symptoms.
Patients are randomly assigned doctors without consideration of the patient's condition.
Patients are ready for civil disobedience.
Patients are relatively easy.
Patients are reluctant to talk about another major side effect, sexual problems.
Patients are requested to pay for services at the time treatment is provided.
Patients are responsible for all ambulance and hospital emergency charges.
Patients are responsible for all deductibles and co-payments at the time of services.
Patients are responsible for all travel and lodging costs associated with the screening visit.
Patients are responsible for any co-payments at the time of service.
Patients are responsible for any deductibles or co-payments.
Patients are responsible for any hospital services, physician or lab fees performed off campus.
Patients are responsible for any prescriptions or lab work.
Patients are responsible for belongings left in their vehicles.
Patients are responsible for co-payments.
Patients are responsible for deductibles and co-pays.
Patients are responsible for deductibles, co-payments and remaining balances.
Patients are responsible for doing their own laundry and keeping their apartments clean.
Patients are responsible for filing their individual insurance claims.
Patients are responsible for following the treatment plan recommended by the health care team.
Patients are responsible for full payment of services rendered on the day of service.
Patients are responsible for items checked out in their name.
Patients are responsible for knowing their self-care.
Patients are responsible for making an appointment whenever possible and arriving on time.
Patients are responsible for payment of medical care within a reasonable time.
Patients are responsible for practicing what they learn in session at home on a daily basis.
Patients are responsible for providing their own food and medications during their stay.
Patients are responsible for recognizing the impact of their life-style on their personal health.
Patients are responsible for recognizing the impact of their lifestyle on their personal health.
Patients are responsible for the applicable deductible and co-payments.
Patients are responsible for the payment of any outstanding bills.
Patients are responsible for their appointments and administration of their medications.
Patients are responsible for their bill until their eligibility is verified.
Patients are responsible for treating staff and others with respect, consideration and dignity.
Patients are responsible to obtain a financial screening from the hospital in a timely manner.
Patients are rude to doctors and nurses.
Patients are satisfied with their physicians and the service that they provide.
Patients are scared.
Patients are screened, a treatment plan is generated, and care is given until the plan is complete.
Patients are seen by appointment and often same day appointments are available.
Patients are seen only for infectious disease consultations and a referral by an MD is preferred.
Patients are sensitive to pressure applied to certain areas of the body, called tender points.
Patients are sent home that same day, so no hospital stay is necessary.
Patients are serious about improvement, but the atmosphere is relaxed and fun.
Patients are sicker and support systems are fewer.
Patients are sicker and their stays in hospitals are much shorter.
Patients are sicker and there are increased demands on nurses, with fewer dollars to spend.
Patients are sicker than ever, and there are fewer RNs at the bedside.
Patients are smart.
Patients are so much more involved with the entire process today than in the past.
Patients are so sick and it is enough to keep up eith their conditions and tx.
Patients are sometimes the last ones to admit their diagnosis of substance abuse.
Patients are sometimes too dependent upon physicians and others.
Patients are sometimes unaware that they can phonate without the prosthesis.
Patients are still at the bottom of the hierarchy.
Patients are still on the move, with frequent transfers to neighbouring Alberta or to Vancouver.
Patients are susceptible to chronic pulmonary infections.
Patients are susceptible to fractures, weakness, hypotonia and disturbances in growth.
Patients are suspicious of the profit motive in health care.
Patients are tall and thin with abnormally long legs and arms and spider-like fingers.
Patients are the key.
Patients are the most important people in our profession and practice.
Patients are the ones that have to follow diets, keep their weight down and take their medications.
Patients are the primary clusters which are independent of each other.
Patients are the ultimate beneficiaries of all the improvements.
Patients are the ultimate customers of a product company.
Patients are the victims.
Patients are then at risk for morbidity and mortality from falls.
Patients are thereby afforded complex, multidisciplinary care that is very accessible.
Patients are thus contagious until the germ is no longer present in the feces.
Patients are tired, they are in pain, and sometimes it s the effect of the anesthetic.
Patients are tired, with muscle aches, diarrhea, memory impairment and confusion.
Patients are to be given more than a normal amount of fluid.
Patients are to be seated with the operatory light on.
Patients are to be seen on an appointment basis only.
Patients are to blame.
Patients are to contact their assigned student provider in case of dental emergency.
Patients are to keep menstrual calendars with all bleeding days and days of intercourse recorded.
Patients are too often reluctant to share their real concerns and fears.
Patients are totally incontinent.
Patients are tourists, expatriates, missionaries, volunteers, immigrants and refugees.
Patients are typically asymptomatic, unless pathologic fracture present.
Patients are typically asymptomatic.
Patients are typically bent over and unable to straighten up or maintain a normal posture.
Patients are typically elderly with chronic debilitating disease, diabetic, or immunosuppressed.
Patients are typically in the hospital for two to three days after surgery.
Patients are typically much older and often face serious difficulties.
Patients are typically up and moving within a day of their surgery.
Patients are typically young and mobile.
Patients are U.S. personnel and their families who are working in Saudi Arabia.
Patients are unable to get and are therefore, less likely to relapse.
Patients are unable to get to hospital.
Patients are unable to make it to the bathroom before losing control of their bladder.
Patients are unable to make sense of visual patterns.
Patients are unable to metabolize galactosylceremide, a major component of myelin.
Patients are unable to secrete acid or intrinsic factor.
Patients are unable to send electronic replies to correspondence they receive while in the hospital.
Patients are unanimously pleased with the outpatient approach.
Patients are unaware of the change .
Patients are unaware of what happens to such tissue.
Patients are unconscious and paralysed.
Patients are unconscious during treatment and monitored closely.
Patients are uneasy about the treatment and the possible side effects, particularly hair loss.
Patients are unhappy.
Patients are unsure of how to use some of the medications.
Patients are up and walking the first day after surgery.
Patients are usually able to drive to and from their radiation treatments without any difficulty.
Patients are usually able to go home the same day or one to two days following lumpectomy.
Patients are usually able to resume normal activities the next day.
Patients are usually able to return to sports in three to six months.
Patients are usually able to return to work within two to five days.
Patients are usually able to thus gain back much of their lost depth perception.
Patients are usually amazed that their hands are warm and dry for the first time in many years.
Patients are usually anergic to skin test antigens.
Patients are usually anxious to receive a medication as soon as possible.
Patients are usually at an advanced age but there are no known disease associations.
Patients are usually awake during the procedure.
Patients are usually aware of the creation of the protective flap when the eye is pressurized.
Patients are usually aware of their deficit and suffer because of it.
Patients are usually completely unaware of when the pacer is pacing their heart.
Patients are usually extremely sick with nausea, vomiting, and dehydration.
Patients are usually febrile and acutely ill.
Patients are usually febrile and appear very ill.
Patients are usually fully awake and treatments take place in outpatient settings.
Patients are usually fully functional in all other areas.
Patients are usually grateful to be made aware in advance of what to expect.
Patients are usually ignorant of medicine.
Patients are usually ill-appearing with fever and irritability.
Patients are usually in a deep coma.
Patients are usually in good health prior to the onset of the occlusion.
Patients are usually in the hospital only one day.
Patients are usually in the outpatient surgery area for three - four hours then discharged to home.
Patients are usually in traction for approximately three weeks following the operative procedure.
Patients are usually middle age and older.
Patients are usually middle-aged or elderly, and men are affected more often than women.
Patients are usually more comfortable and use less pain medication overall.
Patients are usually more satisfied with bridges than with partial dentures.
Patients are usually on the dialysis machine six to seven nights a week.
Patients are usually prescribed tranquillisers.
Patients are usually quite smart about their own diseases.
Patients are usually ready for make-up in one week.
Patients are usually reliable.
Patients are usually sexually active and present with a gradual onset of pain and edema.
Patients are usually unable to swallow and have trismus.
Patients are usually unaware of the movements because they occur before the awakenings.
Patients are usually up and about shortly after surgery and discharged home within a few days.
Patients are usually very happy with the results.
Patients are usually very morbid to start with.
Patients are usually very relaxed and feel no pain or discomfort.
Patients are usually very sick and activity is inherently limited.
Patients are usually weaker in the evening.
Patients are usually women in the second or third decade of life.
Patients are usually young or middle-aged female dogs.
Patients are very afraid when their health is at stake and they're coming to see a surgeon.
Patients are very receptive to and often grateful for non-verbal communication at such times.
Patients are very sensitive.
Patients are very sore afterwards for two to three weeks.
Patients are veterans or spouses of veterans.
Patients are vulnerable to ultraviolet light, developing painful blisters and sunburn.
Patients are welcome to ask questions and share their concerns.
Patients are welcome to call the office with questions.
Patients are welcome to drop by our new state of the art facility for an on-site visit.
Patients are welcome to view before and after photographs of patients.
Patients are welcome whether they are newly diagnosed or have already received extensive treatment.
Patients are widely variable in response to oral anticoagulation.
Patients are willing to pay and labs have quite high collection rates.
Patients are willing to pay out of pocket for services they value.
Patients are willing to pay out of pocket for some of the products PTs can offer.
Patients are x-rayed at regular intervals following surgery.
Patients are, after all, the ultimate customer.
Patients are, however, always concerned about reusable products.
Patients are, however, encouraged to take up work like candle-making or greeting cards.
Patients are, however, usually able to sit comfortably by the end of the first week.
Patients are, in fact, dying.
Patients argue that hospitals and doctors charge too much and insurance companies pay too little.
Patients arrive at hospitals.
Patients arrive by bus, truck, and ferry.
Patients arrive daily from all over the country as well as from abroad.
Patients arrive from throughout northwestern New Jersey via helicopter and ambulance.
Patients arrive throughout northwestern New Jersey via helicopter and ambulance.
Patients arrive with a variety of ailments, some of the emergency variety.
Patients arrive with large agendas and often want advice on a number of different issues.
Patients ask for more services than they are willing to pay for.
Patients ask nurses.
Patients assess progress by evaluating changes in symptoms.
Patients associate implants more as natural teeth and feel more secure about their dental health.
Patients attach a special device to their finger and connect it to their telephone.
Patients attend clinics which have very strict appointment systems.
Patients attend daily to develop positive coping techniques to better manage their stress.
Patients attend education sessions each week.
Patients attend one session which includes an informal slide presentation and discussion.
Patients attend rehab classes two to three times a week for four to six weeks.
Patients attend the program three to five days per week or as prescribed by their doctor.
Patients attend three sessions a week for three months.
Patients attend three to four days per week, three hours per day.
Patients bear the cost.
Patients become agitated and confused, with progressive dementia and frontal release signs.
Patients become claustrophobic if their faces are draped.
Patients become dependent on administered insulin for survival.
Patients become drowsy and disorientated.
Patients become excited, anxious, and irritable.
Patients become fearful of eating, and weight loss, often severe, is the rule.
Patients become febrile with high-spiking temperatures.
Patients become frustrated due to all the added hassles of seeking medical treatment.
Patients become frustrated waiting for care.
Patients become important members of their own pain team.
Patients become incontinent and have problems with walking, sitting and eating.
Patients become involved and interested in seeing results.
Patients become more and more quiet and withdrawn.
Patients become more aware of their current health status.
Patients become progressively weaker until muscle use is entirely lost.
Patients become short of breath, and heart failure can follow, then death.
Patients become silent.
Patients become symptomatic with palpitations, shortness of breath, and fatigue when afib develops.
Patients become tired, dizzy, and short of breath.
Patients become very cynical, very distrusting and angry.
Patients become very drowsy under sedation and unconscious under general anesthesia.
Patients begin by exercising at the hospital.
Patients begin each morning with a workout led by a master fitness trainer.
Patients begin taking a prescription drug but stop as soon as they begin to feel better.
Patients begin the therapy listening to simple classical music with amplified upper frequencies.
Patients begin to develop symptoms in the later stages of prostate cancer.
Patients begin to eat less protein.
Patients begin to gather at the door, waiting for their turn to see the doctors.
Patients begin to move their eyes and look at specific people and objects.
Patients begin to see results in three to four weeks.
Patients begin to see time cyclically when the future is seen to be finite.
Patients begin treatments.
Patients begin walking and are discharged home the same day.
Patients being a part of the study have access to drugs and new treatments.
Patients being treated for vascular abnormalities undergo an angiogram.
Patients believe their physical, mental, and spiritual health are interrelated.
Patients believe they are sufficiently informed to make decisions about their health.
Patients believe they have to tolerate side effects unnecessarily when other options exist.
Patients belonging to the other group, non-bacterial prostatitis, have similar symptoms.
Patients benefit because they no longer have fragmented and uncoordinated health care.
Patients benefit being educated and by becoming involved in their own health care.
Patients benefit by having chemotherapy services available near their home.
Patients benefit by learning to manage their catastrophic thoughts effectively.
Patients benefit by less invasive operations, faster recovery and lower costs.
Patients benefit by quickly receiving various simple treatments at one place with less costs.
Patients benefit directly when new knowledge is translated to cutting edge treatment options.
Patients benefit dramatically from rapid access to innovative clinical research.
Patients benefit from a balanced, high-energy diet.
Patients benefit from access to the latest breakthroughs in cancer treatment.
Patients benefit from advanced technologies and highly skilled surgical teams.
Patients benefit from an encounter that is more in touch with their individual needs.
Patients benefit from an integrated and coordinated approach to their medical issues.
Patients benefit from approaches.
Patients benefit from aspirin treatments.
Patients benefit from counsel.
Patients benefit from diets.
Patients benefit from education about their condition and the role of various medications.
Patients benefit from expertise gleaned from many areas of care.
Patients benefit from expertise in many areas of prevention, diagnosis and treatment.
Patients benefit from having the surgery repeated to prevent further damage to the knee joint.
Patients benefit from medicine.
Patients benefit from milk thistle extract treatments.
Patients benefit from our expertise and experience.
Patients benefit from periodic reinforcement and coaching in the use of relaxation techniques.
Patients benefit from rapid tube placement, airway control, and ventilation.
Patients benefit from reduced radiation and improved diagnosis.
Patients benefit from regaining lost function.
Patients benefit from strength.
Patients benefit from the expertise that each profession brings to the client.
Patients benefit from the healing effects of both therapies.
Patients benefit from the latest advances in medial care.
Patients benefit from the most advanced technology and procedures, and the highest quality of care.
Patients benefit from the personal attention and comfort of sustained touch.
Patients benefit from transtracheal oxygen delivery in a number of ways.
Patients benefit from treatments.
Patients benefit when travelling for testing, treatment, or consultation is less frequently needed.
Patients breathe pure oxygen while they're in chambers that are hyperbaric, or pressurized.
Patients bring their tape and tape player so they can listen in the preoperative area.
Patients bring their true energy patterns out from within.
Patients buy a prenumbered ticket showing the service required at the health facility.
Patients call a toll-free number or visit the company's web site to arrange for a house call.
Patients call doctors, and they refuse to come to the phone.
Patients call the center at scheduled times with blood sugar levels to receive dose adjustments.
Patients call to make appointments for procedures.
Patients can access and fill out forms over the Internet.
Patients can access clinics using the general information number.
Patients can access information about their conditions with the click of a mouse.
Patients can access information regarding usage, dosage, side effects and other risks.
Patients can access results by using a pin number.
Patients can access the service from their rooms by dialing ext.
Patients can access their health plan account through the internet.
Patients can accurately tell if a foreign body is on the left or right side.
Patients can actively promote compensation through a series of rehabilitation exercises.
Patients can actually have fun in therapy and have something to show for all their work.
Patients can actually see the computer-animated figure of themselves walking.
Patients can also adjust the bed up or down to suit their needs.
Patients can also be rude, aggressive, and even physically abusive.
Patients can also benefit from insights derived from exploring the Stoic-Sharer dichotomy.
Patients can also bleed into muscle and other soft tissue.
Patients can also book their appointments via the Internet.
Patients can also bring their own cassette tapes or compact discs to enjoy.
Patients can also choose to self-pay.
Patients can also converse with doctors through a secure electronic messaging connection.
Patients can also develop involvement of the cranial nerves.
Patients can also donate their own marrow.
Patients can also eat the appropriately colored foods.
Patients can also elect to pay out of pocket on a sliding fee scale.
Patients can also enter clinical trials that study the latest therapeutic options.
Patients can also expect to be assigned exercises to perform during office visits and at home.
Patients can also experience discomfort in the area of injection.
Patients can also experience numbness in the fingers and toes.
Patients can also experience rectal burning, changes in bowel habits and fatigue.
Patients can also have a cough, joint pain, and a rash.
Patients can also have abnormal bloods tests indicative of liver disease.
Patients can also have injections to help sweaty feet, armpits and faces.
Patients can also have plaque-like hematomas and achromic patches on the retina.
Patients can also have sublingual or perilingual fibromas.
Patients can also help themselves by increasing the general lighting in their homes.
Patients can also help themselves through self-help groups.
Patients can also make a self-referral.
Patients can also make better use of the data from tests.
Patients can also meet others who are in the same situation.
Patients can also move from side to side or lean forward for pressure relief in a chair.
Patients can also perform billing inquiries and request a reply by phone or e-mail.
Patients can also place their own orders from a catalogue that has been delivered to their home.
Patients can also post their whiplash experiences.
Patients can also present with loss of vision in one eye, both eyes or double vision.
Patients can also receive certain intravenous fluids that enhance blood circulation.
Patients can also receive expert nutritional advice from our dietitian.
Patients can also recover much more quickly.
Patients can also regulate the device, within certain set limits, by turning it up or down.
Patients can also research drug reactions and interactions between multiple drugs and food.
Patients can also review information from previous time frames.
Patients can also run on one inner ear.
Patients can also squat during the initial part of the pelvic evaluation.
Patients can also take advantage of valet parking available in front of the cancer center.
Patients can also take some steps to reduce their waiting time.
Patients can also try sleeping on their side.
Patients can also try turning on lights in their home in the morning, and wearing bright clothes.
Patients can also use special optic devices for reduced vision, designed for specific activities.
Patients can also use supportive, cognitive, behavioral or interpersonal psychotherapies.
Patients can also use the documents to ensure they receive adequate care form their provider.
Patients can also use the hospital's half-court gym.
Patients can also use the Internet to purchase health services directly.
Patients can also use the self management portal to manage their condition throughout the study.
Patients can also usually return to work or school in four to six weeks time.
Patients can also view their x-rays and color photos of their dental work.
Patients can also visit the lake during the day for quiet meditation and reflection.
Patients can always stay up to date on their account, simply by logging on to their private record.
Patients can and do lead productive, purposeful lives.
Patients can answer questions using the keybaord or the mouse.
Patients can appeal the decisions of their health insurance plan with outside arbitration.
Patients can apply for the program with one toll-free phone call.
Patients can apply through their doctor.
Patients can ask billing questions on line and get answers via e-mail.
Patients can ask for rescue medication at any time.
Patients can ask their nurse for help.
Patients can ask to be removed from a company's marketing list only after they've been contacted.
Patients can assume a supine position or sit comfortably in a reclining seat.
Patients can at least see somebody.
Patients can attempt to control iron absorption by monitoring iron intake in food.
Patients can attend aftercare in the regular outpatient program.
Patients can attend every day, or a few days a week.
Patients can attend lectures on medicine or visit concerts.
Patients can attend to living the last days of their lives with dignity.
Patients can avoid surgeries and they can develop the haemoglobin level into normal in due course.
Patients can avoid surgery if they detect plantar warts early.
Patients can be across the world.
Patients can be allergic to certain antibiotics, thus requiring alternatives.
Patients can be back at work the next day.
Patients can be enter rehabilitation at any stage of recovery.
Patients can be far more hopeful today because of the medical advances made.
Patients can be ill for up to six months.
Patients can be in relapse or in plateau.
Patients can be in treatment with a group therapist other than their individual therapist.
Patients can be normal males or somewhat eunuchoid with gynecomastia.
Patients can be obese or non-obese.
Patients can be odd when it comes to criticising their analysts.
Patients can be out on the balcony and feel like they are standing in the treetops.
Patients can be pain-free and without medication if the condition is corrected.
Patients can be sputum smear negative and culture positive.
Patients can be strong advocates for change.
Patients can be their own advocates.
Patients can be very persisting.
Patients can be wrong about pain.
Patients can become dependent on nonscientific practitioners who employ placebo therapies.
Patients can become stuporous or comatose within a few hours after signs of illness are first seen.
Patients can become symptom-free on natural progesterone therapy.
Patients can benefit from having direct access to dermatologists.
Patients can benefit from lower sodium alternatives to salty barbecue sauce.
Patients can benefit from palliative care physicians and plastic surgeons forging closer links.
Patients can benefit psychologically from a shorter time period of uncertainty.
Patients can better follow instructions.
Patients can book appointments either by visiting the clinic or via telephone.
Patients can borrow toys, books, board games and video tapes for use in their rooms.
Patients can call for appointments.
Patients can call the nurse, appointment clerk and pharmacy directly.
Patients can call the same numbers for self-referrals.
Patients can call to schedule appointments or register for complementary programs.
Patients can carry the virus for decades without any symptoms.
Patients can certainly become depressed by the great changes in their ability to function.
Patients can change existing appointments at the same number.
Patients can change living wills or health care proxies at any time.
Patients can change their minds and ask to resume more aggressive treatment.
Patients can check with their health care providers about compounding pharmacists.
Patients can chew on crystallized ginger or ginger candy while traveling.
Patients can choose a natural look or a more dramatic color can be achieved.
Patients can choose any dentist.
Patients can choose any health care provider.
Patients can choose either facility for their treatment.
Patients can choose either of two surgeries.
Patients can choose from a menu of services.
Patients can choose the level of care that best meets their individual needs.
Patients can choose to see a dentist, general doctor, optometrist, or if needed have minor surgery.
Patients can choose to see dental students or licensed dentists.
Patients can clearly see for themselves if treatment is indicated.
Patients can come and go during the group.
Patients can come back anytime for support after the initial therapy.
Patients can come home from the hospital sooner.
Patients can complete an assessment questionnaire on any computer.
Patients can complete the entire reorder process in just one click.
Patients can connect to the doctor by videophone, chat room or regular telephone.
Patients can contact physicians, their staff, or even prospective physicians through e-mail.
Patients can contact the Connecticut and Illinois chapters at the address below.
Patients can continue their rehabilitation in the rehab unit after they leave the hospital.
Patients can continue to eat and drink what they want.
Patients can continue to use opioids for pain management for years or decades.
Patients can control glare by wearing wraparound sunglasses and a broad-brimmed hat.
Patients can conveniently collect their own samples without leaving home.
Patients can cross the border when there are waiting lists in their own country.
Patients can cross-link to our physician specialty listing from other areas.
Patients can cultivate marijuana and get off the black market.
Patients can cure many of the diseases that western doctors dismiss as untreatable psychosomatic.
Patients can customize their learning process by viewing the site in the sequence of their choice.
Patients can decide themselves.
Patients can decide when, where, and at what volume to use their sound generators.
Patients can demand copies of their health records and request corrections.
Patients can depend on the finest medical care as well as ethical conduct by all staff members.
Patients can develop electroer cardiographic abnormalities.
Patients can develop inflammation of the pouch, which requires antibiotic treatment.
Patients can develop physical or psychological dependence while on meprobamate.
Patients can dial a dose of insulin calculated to cover their carbohydrate intake.
Patients can die from slips as well as mistakes.
Patients can die suddenly.
Patients can die under emergency psychiatric treatment.
Patients can do much more on their own now to get it started.
Patients can do searches and print information while they wait.
Patients can do themselves significant harm by self-treating problems based on anecdotal accounts.
Patients can drink it daily at least twice about one rice bowl of it.
Patients can drop in or make appointments to see the two doctors and five nurse practitioners.
Patients can drop out of a clinical study at any time and for any reason.
Patients can easily discontinue vacuum therapy and try other treatment options if desired.
Patients can easily get adequate protein from grains, beans, vegetables, and fruits.
Patients can easily provide incorrect or false information to obtain medications.
Patients can easily remove the tape at home at the recommended time.
Patients can easily slide from their bed to the wheelchair safely and efficiently.
Patients can easily test their own brand of supplements at home using a similar procedure.
Patients can eat a light meal within a few hours before the procedure.
Patients can eat in the cafeteria with their physician's approval.
Patients can eat or drink anything before the procedure.
Patients can eat whatever they want, when they want it.
Patients can enjoy a higher level of personal independence.
Patients can enjoy the support of family and friends.
Patients can enroll by phone or on-line.
Patients can enter via a hydraulic patient lift which is large enough for a stretcher.
Patients can even come for treatments on their lunch hour and go back to work immediately.
Patients can even wear their eyeglasses in total comfort.
Patients can exercise more independently in water.
Patients can expect a full recovery in two to three days.
Patients can expect a long recovery.
Patients can expect 'homework'.
Patients can expect improved urination approximately four to six weeks after thermotherapy.
Patients can expect some bruising and leg swelling, which usually subside in a few weeks.
Patients can expect to be involved in discussions and decisions about their plan of care.
Patients can expect to remain hospitalized for an average of five days following TMLR surgery.
Patients can expect to resume their normal activities in a day or so.
Patients can expect to return home in two to five days.
Patients can expect to return to work after two weeks.
Patients can expect to return to work in a week to ten day's time.
Patients can expect to return to work in two weeks.
Patients can expect to see an improvement after about three months of continuous treatment.
Patients can expect to see the same doctor at each scheduled visit.
Patients can expect to use a walker or crutches for several weeks following total knee replacement.
Patients can experience active recovery regardless of the state of their illness.
Patients can experience headaches or a fever, but it is rare.
Patients can experience itching and swollen eyes, runny nose, sneezing and chest tightness.
Patients can face the world differently than when they come in.
Patients can feel distention and numbness.
Patients can feel normal on natural estrogen and natural progesterone therapy.
Patients can feel normal on natural progesterone in the two weeks before the period.
Patients can feel normal with natural progesterone therapy.
Patients can feel so overwhelmed that even the simplest explanation seems impossible.
Patients can feel their control of the contract through paying a fee.
Patients can fill out their section in the waiting room.
Patients can find a doctor, disease, or drug they're looking for by using the search option.
Patients can find answers to questions about radiology.
Patients can find comfort and treatment through chiropractic and massage therapy.
Patients can find moments of serenity in our specially designed gardens.
Patients can find relevant clinical trials by entering their cancer type and stage.
Patients can gain improved access to healthcare, continuity of care, and better emergency treatment.
Patients can gain insight and support through conversations with other patients.
Patients can gain reassurance and support from lay counsellors.
Patients can generally expect to be in and out in less than two hours.
Patients can generally leave the hospital two-three days after a minimally invasive procedure.
Patients can generally return to most normal activities within about three months.
Patients can generally return to work in two weeks time.
Patients can get a realistic idea of the potential for living an independent and active life.
Patients can get a second opinion, or even a third.
Patients can get details on cutting-edge research and the latest breakthroughs in medications.
Patients can get electronic mail advice.
Patients can get some relief from painkillers, such as morphine.
Patients can get underwater or hand massage.
Patients can go for long periods of time with no visible effects.
Patients can go home the next day after surgery.
Patients can go home the next day, and are then followed up for evidence of tumour regrowth.
Patients can go home the same day or the next day.
Patients can go home within a few hours.
Patients can go through normal daily activities, sex, working while on dialysis.
Patients can go weeks without treatment.
Patients can greatly contribute to the success of each medical visit or encounter.
Patients can grind away parts of their teeth, leaving worn surfaces or fractured enamel.
Patients can grow marijuana in their homes, but it takes six months for the plants to mature.
Patients can have a peel during lunch break and return to work that same afternoon.
Patients can have a toxic reaction to the anesthetic.
Patients can have a wide spectrum of symptoms from mild and intermittent, to severe and constant.
Patients can have abdominal pain, bloating, and diarrhea.
Patients can have complicated migraine where they manifest neurologic symptoms.
Patients can have different expectations, values, and preferences.
Patients can have disease.
Patients can have either evaluable or measurable disease.
Patients can have eosinophilia, abdominal pain, and elevated liver-function tests.
Patients can have homeostasis.
Patients can have long-term acute care right in their community.
Patients can have most diagnostic tests performed in the photography suite.
Patients can have no active second neoplasm other than cervical carcinoma in situ or skin cancer.
Patients can have no history of prior surgery or pulmonary fibrosis.
Patients can have procedures.
Patients can have smells too.
Patients can have symptoms.
Patients can have unusual responses to colors.
Patients can help by recognizing the symptoms and getting the right care.
Patients can hook up their own computers and access E-mail and Internet connections.
Patients can immediately resume normal activities.
Patients can individually view and practice at home.
Patients can initially present with acute fulminant hepatitis, chronic hepatitis, or cirrhosis.
Patients can initiate prescription renewals via the phone.
Patients can learn a great deal from one another - despite the difference in disease names.
Patients can learn about a prescribed treatment or procedure or how to prepare for a doctor visit.
Patients can learn self-hypnosis to reinforce the goals of the therapy.
Patients can learn to release the tension in their muscles to relieve pain.
Patients can learn to use a prosthesis more effectively .
Patients can leave after a few hours of rest and usually return to normal activities the next day.
Patients can leave email messages for repeat prescriptions via secure sites .
Patients can leave immediately after the scan, with typically no side effects.
Patients can leave the hospice program at any time for any reason.
Patients can leave the hospital in two or three days.
Patients can listen to the mix on wireles headphones , that block out all outside sounds.
Patients can look a lot like people trying to stop smoking cigarettes.
Patients can look up their doctors' phone number and office address.
Patients can lose enough blood during hip replacement surgery to require blood transfusions.
Patients can lose up to one litre of fluid an hour, so rehydration is important.
Patients can make appointments on their own or by referral.
Patients can make outgoing calls.
Patients can make routine appointments on the Web.
Patients can make significant strides even after that period of time, especially children.
Patients can make their own appointment.
Patients can meet other cancer patients through self-help and support groups.
Patients can minimize complications by carefully following directions given by the physician.
Patients can minimize the effects of heart failure through lifestyle changes and drug therapy.
Patients can modify, manage and effectively deal with pain through their own efforts.
Patients can more effectively use the pharmacists' skills in a couple of ways.
Patients can move about freely using a battery pack.
Patients can move from one or the other category, depending upon the stage of their illness.
Patients can move within the tank in a more comfortable, pain-diminished environment.
Patients can never have too much information before making their decision.
Patients can no longer sit back and assume a health care professional has all the answers.
Patients can now access help to maintain a more active lifestyle.
Patients can now become vested partners in their own care.
Patients can now choose euthanasia and doctor-assisted suicides.
Patients can now find physicians of their same ethnicity, if they so choose.
Patients can now go home a few days following major chest surgery.
Patients can now go unnoticed in public.
Patients can now listen to music while lying comfortable on the table.
Patients can now listen to music while lying comfortably on the table.
Patients can now look and feel better while undergoing therapy.
Patients can now pre-register on the internet.
Patients can now safely administer their own anesthesia in many cases.
Patients can now search online for doctors by specialty, insurance, language, and location.
Patients can now see heart images, and easily understand their coronary artery calcification score.
Patients can now take their interferon once a week.
Patients can now taste and enjoy their food without the problems of reflux.
Patients can obtain consultations utilizing their local facilities.
Patients can obtain refills by phone or mail order, using a credit card.
Patients can occasionally feel dizzy, shaky or restless.
Patients can often feel the corrective shock, which can be quite uncomfortable.
Patients can often guess their diagnosis and feel isolated, needing their suspicions confirmed.
Patients can often identify words spelled aurally.
Patients can often improve their reflux symptoms through lifestyle changes.
Patients can often leave the hospital four days after surgery.
Patients can often return to normal activity sooner and experience little to no pain after surgery.
Patients can often walk quickly.
Patients can only hope.
Patients can only see doctors who have been pre-determined by the government.
Patients can only see in dim light.
Patients can only take so many drugs in a day.
Patients can opt out of the marketing provision only after being contacted at least once.
Patients can order meals from a choice menu.
Patients can order meals from a menu.
Patients can park and access the clinic without going outside.
Patients can park by permit without charge.
Patients can park for free at the building's main entrance.
Patients can post comments about their health plans and individual doctors.
Patients can present to different specialists, depending on the first sign of the syndrome.
Patients can present with afferent pupillary defect and painless decreased vision.
Patients can present with dysphagia, regurgitation of undigested food, and even chronic aspiration.
Patients can present with obstruction or bleeding.
Patients can present with single or multiple lesions.
Patients can present with splenic injuries several days after the initial injury.
Patients can print a report, save their results and compare their progress over time.
Patients can protect themselves by asking questions and having realistic expectations.
Patients can purchase hydrazine sulfate on the Internet without a prescription.
Patients can reach a nurse or physician easily through our triage office.
Patients can react in unexpected ways when they learn their genetic risk status.
Patients can read about the causes and symptoms of heart failure and learn how it is diagnosed.
Patients can read and visit with other families between visits with our professionals.
Patients can reapply makeup and head back to work in less than an hour.
Patients can receive a token for free parking in their doctor's office.
Patients can receive all care and support in the same setting.
Patients can receive blood donated by volunteers in the community.
Patients can receive blood from a donor that they specify through the process of directed donation .
Patients can receive diagnosis and treatment at three locations.
Patients can receive diagnostic services and find out how to participate in clinical research.
Patients can receive excellent care without ever being part of a research study.
Patients can receive information, advice and instructions tailored to their specific situation.
Patients can receive more care from their local provider.
Patients can receive state of the art therapy right here in Person County.
Patients can receive their care close to home.
Patients can receive wound care daily, or as needed to reduce their hospitalization.
Patients can recommence exercise and gym about six weeks after the operation.
Patients can record their symptoms and use of medication as well as recording their lung function.
Patients can recover more fully if rehabilitation programs are matched to their needs.
Patients can recover over night under nursing care without being admitted to the hospital.
Patients can refer themselves directly or can be referred by another clinician.
Patients can register for a hotel room and a cardiac procedure at the same time.
Patients can register, get information and contact nurses online.
Patients can relate their personal experiences and view questions to ask when choosing a surgeon.
Patients can release their own medical history online to seek expert's medical assistance.
Patients can rely instead on lumpectomies and radiation treatment to prevent recurrences.
Patients can rent televisions and telephones.
Patients can repeat, save or delete their messages, or leave return messages for the provider.
Patients can request financial assistance through their physicians.
Patients can request prescription refills and appointments.
Patients can request that their care be discussed by a tumor board.
Patients can request various levels of confidentiality, limiting what can be reported, and to whom.
Patients can rest assured that experienced staff provide the best care available.
Patients can resume duty in next day.
Patients can resume full activity when shoulder function has returned and the pain has resolved.
Patients can resume normal activities immediately after treatment.
Patients can resume normal activities immediately following treatment.
Patients can resume normal activities immediately.
Patients can resume normal activities right after surgery.
Patients can resume sports activities approximately one month after their operation.
Patients can resume their normal activities almost immediately.
Patients can resume their normal activities upon discharge.
Patients can retrieve information as often as they want with no extra charge to the physician.
Patients can return as needed for medical visits and more syringes.
Patients can return home an hour after surgery.
Patients can return home and to normal activates immediately after treatment.
Patients can return immediately to their daily activities.
Patients can return to a previous level of functioning within a week or so.
Patients can return to relatively normal activities within days.
Patients can return to their daily routine within hours of treatment.
Patients can return to their homes and jobs within days rather than weeks or months.
Patients can return to their normal routines within a day of the procedure.
Patients can return to their usual activities.
Patients can return to work after ten to fourteen days.
Patients can return to work and normal activities immediately.
Patients can return to work and other activities within two to four days.
Patients can return to work and resume other normal activities more quickly.
Patients can return to work immediately.
Patients can return to work in two weeks and resume strenuous activity in four to six weeks.
Patients can return to work in two weeks time.
Patients can return to work or other activities immediately.
Patients can return to work or other physical activities quicker.
Patients can return to work or resume their normal activities immediately following treatment.
Patients can return to work the same day as the procedure and resume all regular activities.
Patients can return to work within three days of the surgery, and often sooner.
Patients can revoke their consent at any time.
Patients can ring in and talk to a nurse who then assesses what treatment is needed.
Patients can save money and time getting medicines over the web.
Patients can schedule all their various tests and appointments with one phone call and on one visit.
Patients can schedule an appointment and have diagnostic services in the same building.
Patients can schedule appointments and then go online and actually visit with their doctor.
Patients can schedule cancer treatments at convenient hours and walk in any time they have problems.
Patients can search for information created and updated by their own doctors.
Patients can search for physicians in their area using a variety of search options.
Patients can search the database by a doctor's name, specialty, or location.
Patients can see a physician the same day they call.
Patients can see and read more naturally after the operation.
Patients can see specialists on their own or on the district doctor's advice.
Patients can see their own records and demand corrections.
Patients can see their physicians and therapists in one visit.
Patients can seek referrals from doctors or other health care professionals they know and trust.
Patients can select how frequently they want to be notified about changes.
Patients can self-inject the medication.
Patients can send in blood or come here to have their blood drawn.
Patients can share their ideas and experiences on a dedicated message board.
Patients can shed the epidermis of the eyelids, as well as eyebrows, fingernails, and toenails.
Patients can sleep, exercise and shower without having to remove the weaves.
Patients can sometimes avoid having to go to the hospital or a nursing home.
Patients can sometimes avoid institutional care.
Patients can sometimes experience passage of large amounts of blood and blood clots from the rectum.
Patients can sometimes wait months for a heart transplant.
Patients can speak without any difficulty and have good communication skills.
Patients can spend a fair amount of time in the ward, more so than other diagnosis rooms.
Patients can start rehabilitation at the time the diagnosis of cancer is made.
Patients can start slowly and gradually increase their endurance.
Patients can stay in their jobs longer and sometimes stay out of nursing homes.
Patients can stay in town and be available for closer follow-up care.
Patients can stay on their regular course of medical treatment while taking part in the study.
Patients can stay on their thyroid medicine.
Patients can still find that true today.
Patients can still learn and remember paired associates, word lists, and line drawings.
Patients can still possess marijuana and cultivate it.
Patients can still suffer injury or death even with access to a fair appeals process.
Patients can submit questions to the doctors.
Patients can sue for damages when they've incurred civil liability.
Patients can sue physicians for unlimited amounts of money.
Patients can sue plans that deny such care, but in federal court only.
Patients can suffer from headache, dizziness, swallowing difficulty, hoarseness, and unsteadiness.
Patients can suffer prolonged pain during recovery.
Patients can suffer some significant burns or die.
Patients can supply their own grafts.
Patients can take any books, magazines, or self-help information that is here.
Patients can take any unused medicines to their local pharmacy for safe disposal.
Patients can take increasing doses of opioids, as pain persists, without severe side effects.
Patients can take it continuously or as needed.
Patients can take measures to protect their sight from glaucoma.
Patients can take prescriptions from civilian providers directly to the pharmacy.
Patients can take the same material home as a reminder and to share with caregivers.
Patients can talk to their doctor about how much rest is best during general or joint flares.
Patients can talk to their doctor about how much rest is best duringgeneral or joint flares.
Patients can talk with their physicians about the possibility of changing medications.
Patients can telephone the clinic and book an appointment directly, using our Freephone number.
Patients can then defecate through their anus in the usual way.
Patients can then get new prescriptions from the doctor, referrals, and perhaps minor tests done.
Patients can then go home and rest in comfort and avoid the expense of staying in a hospital.
Patients can then go home and usually return to normal activities the next day.
Patients can then make a more fully informed choice about fertility control options.
Patients can then proceed directly to treatment.
Patients can then resume their normal activities in a matter of days.
Patients can then use it as needed.
Patients can therefore walk around while still being monitored.
Patients can thus experience a quicker return to their normal activities.
Patients can tolerate very low hemoglobin concentrations.
Patients can train viewing one display while the clinician looks at another.
Patients can transition into the program.
Patients can turn the stimulator on and off using a special device.
Patients can turn the system off throughout the day simply by turning off the power source.
Patients can type and transmit directly to the hospital, and someone at the hospital can respond.
Patients can typically return to work within a week.
Patients can undergo certain surgical procedures and return home the same day.
Patients can upload their treatment data to the central database via special modem program module.
Patients can use a moxa stick on themselves at home.
Patients can use a paste made of baking soda and water, rubbing it on the teeth.
Patients can use a writing device or other means of transcription, such as typing or dictation.
Patients can use as many coats as they feel necessary.
Patients can use it in the waiting room.
Patients can use it to compare hospitals in their area.
Patients can use the glucose readings to keep tighter control over insulin needs.
Patients can use the portal for inquiries and information about coverage and benefits.
Patients can use the rice-apple diet for fasting days.
Patients can use the therapy as an alternative to medicine or in addition to it.
Patients can use the website with their physician to enter and track test results.
Patients can use warm towels, hot packs, or a warm bath or shower to apply moist heat to the joint.
Patients can usually apply cosmetics to the face and eyes one week following surgery.
Patients can usually begin to move the new elbow a few days after surgery.
Patients can usually get answers to their questions in a single visit.
Patients can usually go back to school or to sedentary work one week after surgery.
Patients can usually go home from the hospital the next morning.
Patients can usually go home later the same day or the next day.
Patients can usually go home the next day.
Patients can usually go home the next morning, sometimes with a catheter in place.
Patients can usually resume regular activity, eating, and medicines immediately after the exam.
Patients can usually resume their daily activities, including eating, immediately after treatment.
Patients can usually resume their normal aactivities in only a day or two.
Patients can usually return to normal activities in a few weeks.
Patients can usually return to their normal routine immediately after treatment.
Patients can usually return to their normal routine within a day of the procedure.
Patients can usually see relief of their symptoms in just a few weeks.
Patients can veto evidence beforehand.
Patients can view a screen with the readings, making a connection with how they feel.
Patients can view or update their personal information, including scheduled appointments.
Patients can visit hospital home pages and register on-line for visits.
Patients can visit the dentist of their choice.
Patients can visit the grandchildren or go to the zoo.
Patients can void near normally.
Patients can voluntarily enter a hospital for treatment.
Patients can wait in jail for transfer for as long as four months.
Patients can wait several weeks to a month to see a surgeon when they find a breast lump.
Patients can walk in and ask questions about their medication or treatment.
Patients can wash or bathe normally after surgery.
Patients can wear the tape for extended periods of time, with minimal risk of skin irritation.
Patients can wear the trays overnight or more often in order to speed the process.
Patients can whistle and kiss their mate without either person feeling the implant.
Patients can work with ceramics, paints, leather and simple wood kits.
Patients can write articles for the above newsletter or ask questions through it.
Patients can, however, drink grapefruit juice at other times of the day.
Patients can, however, still receive balloons made from mylar.
Patients care handouts are also included, as well as information on alternative therapies.
Patients carefully protect the center's secrecy.
Patients carry a medicine through a permanantly implanted catheter in the chest.
Patients carry pregnancy.
Patients change health plans usually joining the new plan offered by their employer.
Patients change insurers too often for the insurer to reap the benefits of preventive care.
Patients change the rinsing solution in the peritoneum three to five times daily.
Patients characteristically have cyanosis, clubbing, and stigmata of cirrhosis.
Patients check into a hospital during the day and go home at night.
Patients choose an instrument and play their feeling for the group on their selected instrument.
Patients choose food.
Patients choose from a network of dentists.
Patients choose hospice care for different reasons.
Patients choose the criteria for their optimal aided experience.
Patients choose the tests they want, and agree to pay in full before they leave.
Patients choose to participate on a strictly voluntary basis.
Patients choose university hospitals because they have multiple complex medical problems.
Patients clearly are more comfortable in familiar surroundings.
Patients clearly benefit from having a handout to refer to after they leave the clinic.
Patients click a few buttons to respond to a secure Internet site.
Patients click here to register for the study.
Patients collect their stool specs.
Patients combine recognizable syndromes.
Patients combine syndromes.
Patients come before economics.
Patients come directly to doctors, and often directly to a specialist , such as a cardiologist.
Patients come directly to doctors, and often directly to a specialist, such as a cardiologist.
Patients come first, end of story.
Patients come first.
Patients come for expert opinion and treatment from all over the world.
Patients come from across the region and around world for treatment of a range of problems.
Patients come from across the U.S. and around the world to achieve their personal best.
Patients come from all over North America to see our doctors and to be treated.
Patients come from all over the country for treatment.
Patients come from all over the world to participate in clinical studies here.
Patients come from all over the world to receive care.
Patients come from all over the world.
Patients come from all parts of North Carolina and from many other states.
Patients come from all socioeconomic classes.
Patients come from around the world.
Patients come from as far as Russia, Korea and Slovakia.
Patients come from Maryland, Virginia, Washington, DC, Delaware, and southern Pennsylvania.
Patients come from North Florida, across the United States and, increasingly, from around the world.
Patients come from the food industry, temporary services, seasonal and part time workers.
Patients come from the full spectrum of ethnic background and socio-economic levels.
Patients come from the military community in Washington, D.C., and around the world.
Patients come from Wisconsin, Northern Illinois, Michigan's Upper Peninsula, and beyond.
Patients come from word of mouth referrals and five optometrists in the community.
Patients come here to be examined before receiving radiation therapy.
Patients come in and out of care, and the administrative system is in flux.
Patients come in contact.
Patients come in dozens of different forms.
Patients come in for a hearing test and can leave the appointment with the hearing aid.
Patients come in once a week for treatment.
Patients come in two or three times a week, sometimes more.
Patients come in weekly or twice a month to be measured.
Patients come in with some familiar complaints.
Patients come in with their own ambivalence about it.
Patients come into physicians' offices and ask about alternative therapies.
Patients come into the hospital because they have had a heart attack or are in danger of having one.
Patients come into the hospital in the morning and are home that same evening.
Patients come on a routine basis to receive treatment for a variety of ailments.
Patients come three times a week, exercising on treadmills, stationary bicycles and stair steppers.
Patients come through doors.
Patients come to appreciate students as being integral to the healing process.
Patients come to attention with gradual evidence of spinal cord compression.
Patients come to clinics.
Patients come to doctors because they are experiencing pain, illness or fear.
Patients come to expect an antibiotic because they got one in the past and got better.
Patients come to expect an antibiotic.
Patients come to identify the treatment with their illness.
Patients come to our clinic because they want and trust the care received from nurse practitioners.
Patients come to our program from throughout the country and around the world.
Patients come to restore painless mobility to their extremities.
Patients come to see doctors for help with problems they believe require medical interventions.
Patients come to the center from all across the U.S., as well as from numerous foreign countries.
Patients come to the center in a multitude of conditions.
Patients come to the clinic at least every six weeks for a check-up.
Patients come to the clinic for various reasons.
Patients come to the clinic from throughout the United States and around the world.
Patients come to the hospital from most of North India as well as elsewhere.
Patients come to the hospital through several different routes.
Patients come to the hospital when they are experiencing chest pain or chest discomfort.
Patients come to the institute in one week blocks.
Patients come to the of rice during the hours the doctor is available.
Patients come to the program either by self-referral or physician referral.
Patients come to the unit for assessment before their scheduled procedures.
Patients come to the unit from all over the hospital, staying an average of about four days.
Patients come to their physicians carrying information from the internet on new clinical trials.
Patients come with every imaginable type of medical problem.
Patients coming here expect and appreciate high quality dentistry.
Patients coming out of broken relationships want to start over.
Patients commonly become angry and frequently request additional medication.
Patients commonly complain of eye pain, blurring of vision, ocular discharge and photophobia.
Patients commonly complain of knee aches, hip pain and low back pain.
Patients commonly experience a full return of their insomnia once they stop taking the drugs.
Patients commonly experience mild discomfort during mammography.
Patients commonly experience nausea and vomiting.
Patients commonly experience rapid relief of their heart attack symptoms.
Patients commonly express feelings of intense fear, helplessness, or horror.
Patients commonly feel initial tightness that resolves within a few days.
Patients commonly have feelings of fear or d ja vu associated with complex partial seizures.
Patients commonly report experiencing multiple symptoms.
Patients commonly report minor skin reactions and stomach upset as penicillin allergy.
Patients commonly report pain in the shoulders, neck and abdomen.
Patients commonly use inhalers to help keep air passages open.
Patients communicate their concerns, clinic locations, and their names, phone numbers or addresses.
Patients communicate with medical professionals who use special jargon.
Patients complain about costs and quality of care.
Patients complain about feeling tired all day long.
Patients complain about the appearance of their skin.
Patients complain mostly about pain and fatigue.
Patients complain of a burning sensation and taste alterations.
Patients complain of abdominal pain.
Patients complain of being depressed and anxious, hurting all over.
Patients complain of decreased vision, photosensitivity, ocular ache, and ocular redness.
Patients complain of ear pain and loss of hearing.
Patients complain of fatigue, memory problems, mood changes and many other health problems.
Patients complain of feeling physically drained and slow.
Patients complain of feeling trapped, having chest discomfort, and skin or nose irritation.
Patients complain of fever, malaise, headache, chills, night sweats, and anorexia.
Patients complain of fevers.
Patients complain of hesitancy and a reduced stream.
Patients complain of intense, unrelieved itching that is often related to heat and sweat.
Patients complain of irritation, a gritty feeling or painful burning in the eyes.
Patients complain of irritation.
Patients complain of lower right abdominal pain.
Patients complain of moderate to severe pain and inability to eat properly due to the ulcers.
Patients complain of numbness in fingertips and toes.
Patients complain of numbness, tingling, and muscle weakness.
Patients complain of ocular irritation.
Patients complain of overwhelming fatigue, shortness of breath and chest pains.
Patients complain of pain and stiffness in the proximal muscle groups that is worse in the morning.
Patients complain of pain that radiates into the buttocks and thighs when they begin to walk.
Patients complain of pain.
Patients complain of physician apathy and accuse HMOs of skimping on their care.
Patients complain of sensation.
Patients complain of severe continuing pain, usually with stiffness.
Patients complain of severe pain and usually hold the arm in tightly against their body.
Patients complain of severe stomach pain and vomiting.
Patients complain of swelling and extreme pain in the testicle.
Patients complain of symptoms.
Patients complain of the knee giving way or popping out.
Patients complain of the pain along the lateral aspect of the elbow which extends inferioly.
Patients complain of tingling pain that never lets up.
Patients complain of vaginal bleeding and discharge.
Patients complain that flossing is uncomfortable, and it causes their gums to bleed or become sore.
Patients complain that physicians are too detached.
Patients complain that they ache all over.
Patients complain that they hurt all over and feel as though they have the flu.
Patients complain that when they drink alcohol, it hurts as it hits the stomach.
Patients complete an online questionnaire instead of receiving a physical exam by their physician.
Patients complete chemotherapy.
Patients complete questionnaires.
Patients complete the assessment and treatment protocol.
Patients complete the interview independently.
Patients complete the survey specific to the disease occasioning their hospital admission.
Patients complete treatments.
Patients comprise all diagnostic categories.
Patients confide in their physicians for the purpose of receiving care.
Patients confirm that there is a definite attitudinal shift in their lives.
Patients consider alternative therapy.
Patients consider candida infection.
Patients consider infection.
Patients consider the scar a worthwhile trade off.
Patients consider therapy.
Patients considering participation in a clinical trial often have questions and concerns.
Patients consist of faculty, staff, students and their families.
Patients consist of Pierce County low-income residents.
Patients construct a variety of meanings for their illness.
Patients consult physicians.
Patients consult with doctors.
Patients consult with physicians.
Patients consume amounts.
Patients consume calorie diets.
Patients consume dairy products.
Patients consume diets.
Patients consume fish.
Patients consume food.
Patients consume freshwater fish.
Patients consume products.
Patients consume raw fish.
Patients consume raw freshwater fish.
Patients consume sodium.
Patients contact clinics.
Patients contact physicians.
Patients contend the practice leads to inadequate care.
Patients continue taking anticoagulation for four weeks after treatment.
Patients continue their newly formed healthy life style habits, including aerobic exercise.
Patients continue to be monitored by their urologist and radiation oncologist.
Patients continue to be monitored.
Patients continue to become more educated and involved with their health.
Patients continue to complain because of secondary gains.
Patients continue to enjoy eating - but they enjoy eating a lot less.
Patients continue to enjoy eating all types of food after surgery.
Patients continue to find new ways of reaching their physicians.
Patients continue to receive the vast majority of their care in their own communities.
Patients continue to see their private physician for primary care.
Patients continue to suffer injury or death.
Patients continue to use sticks, and sometimes crutches, according to the directions of the surgeon.
Patients continue using medication as needed.
Patients control nausea.
Patients control the amount of insulin they administer by turning a dose knob on the pen.
Patients control the device using shoulder muscles.
Patients control the medical decisions with their doctors' advice, without third party intervention.
Patients cooperate better with treatment protocols when they play a role in choosing their protocol.
Patients cope better with side effects of treatment if they eat well.
Patients cope with changes in appearance in different ways.
Patients cover a wide variety of medical problems associated with cardiovascular collapse.
Patients create their own user name and password to access their accounts.
Patients crowd in front of the gates waiting for their chance for treatment.
Patients currently face a poor prognosis because there are no available therapies.
Patients currently receive a cochlear implant in one ear.
Patients currently wait about two months for an appointment.
Patients demand to be put on trials because it ensures they get the very best available treatment.
Patients demonstrate disorder.
Patients demonstrate dramatic responses.
Patients demonstrate responses.
Patients demonstrate syndromes.
Patients depart with a personal CD that doctors use as a guide during surgery.
Patients depend on dedicated donors who give regularly.
Patients derive benefits by gaining quicker access to the newest treatments.
Patients derive benefits.
Patients describe a buildup of discomfort and involuntary limb jerking if they remain still.
Patients describe a sensation of 'tightness' in the chest or an inability to catch their breath.
Patients describe attacks as a sudden, irresistible and overwhelming feeling of sleepiness.
Patients describe exacerbations with cold.
Patients describe feeling like punching walls.
Patients describe it as a burning or jabbing sensation, or an electrical shock.
Patients describe it as tiredness or weakness in thighs or buttocks.
Patients describe pain with weight bearing.
Patients describe sensation.
Patients describe spin sensation.
Patients describe the fatigue as a sudden loss of physical, mental, and emotional energy.
Patients describe the feeling during the procedure as being on a hot beach without a breeze.
Patients describe the inability to be up and walking and performing daily activities.
Patients describe their experience before and after their treatment.
Patients describe their experience of illness vividly.
Patients describe their pain as being constant, burning aching and throbbing.
Patients describe their symptoms differently.
Patients deserve adequate time to have their concerns addressed.
Patients deserve better.
Patients deserve meaningful protection.
Patients deserve more than that.
Patients deserve more.
Patients deserve no less.
Patients deserve qualified, competent, safe choices for their personal health care.
Patients deserve real and effective patient protections.
Patients deserve the right to have options.
Patients deserve to know exactly what they are paying for.
Patients deserve to make life-altering medical treatment decisions.
Patients develop a lower self esteem as they become more reliant on others for their daily care.
Patients develop a secondary open angle glaucoma.
Patients develop a tolerance for morphine.
Patients develop a tolerance to the effects, which often necessitates an increase in the dose.
Patients develop abdominal pain.
Patients develop active infection.
Patients develop an IgG antibody response about four weeks after infection.
Patients develop antibody titers to the disease, but a single test is difficult to interpret.
Patients develop bedsores due to lack of movement and regular position changes.
Patients develop blisters of the skin and inside the mouth.
Patients develop blockages in the arteries to their legs.
Patients develop conditions.
Patients develop cutaneous lesions despite prophylactic therapy with fluconazole.
Patients develop diarrhea.
Patients develop difficulty breathing, a rapid heart rate, and decreased blood pressure.
Patients develop diseases.
Patients develop distress.
Patients develop fever, chills, headaches, muscle aches, and loss of appetite.
Patients develop fever, hyperbilirubinemia, and elevated liver enzymes.
Patients develop high fever.
Patients develop hypotension, tachycardia and poor tissue perfusion.
Patients develop infection.
Patients develop jerky, tremulous movements that get worse with time.
Patients develop muscle tremor, slowness or rigidity of movement, and instability in walking.
Patients develop pain.
Patients develop respiratory distress.
Patients develop severe breathing difficulty.
Patients develop some sensory loss.
Patients develop stiffness, burning pain, and swelling of hand.
Patients develop stroke like symptoms with sensory and or loss of strength of muscles.
Patients develop swelling around the carotid glands.
Patients develop syndromes.
Patients develop their own dangerous innovations.
Patients develop tolerance to tear gas symptoms with chronic low-grade exposures.
Patients develop tolerance.
Patients develop very itchy red bumps around the hair follicles on their neck, upper trunk and arms.
Patients diagnose with diseases.
Patients diagnose with rare diseases.
Patients diagnose with wilson diseases.
Patients die every day because the demand for human organs is much greater than the supply.
Patients die from complications of overwhelming nerve cell death.
Patients die from dehydration.
Patients die in clinical trials.
Patients die in early childhood.
Patients die of intractable shock.
Patients die of suffocation as the lesions grow rapidly in the lung.
Patients die on the operating table because their surgeon made a mistake.
Patients die painful deaths with minimal care.
Patients differ in the importance they place on the risks and benefits of adjuvant treatments.
Patients differ in their ability to be cheered up.
Patients differ in their anatomy and their ability to heal.
Patients differ in their needs for hormone replacement.
Patients discontinue therapy.
Patients discontinue treatment if virologic failure occurs at any time.
Patients discontinue treatments.
Patients discontinue use.
Patients discover common issues and experiences in our milieu free from communication barriers.
Patients dislike managed care just as much as they dislike government.
Patients dislike signs of aging on the back of hands and face where sun damage has occurred.
Patients display abnormal liver function tests.
Patients display abnormal tests.
Patients display lesions primarily on the face.
Patients display liver function tests.
Patients display reaction.
Patients display tests.
Patients distinguish between different dimensions of care in their judgements.
Patients divulge information to their physicians only for purposes of diagnosis and treatment.
Patients do benefit from choosing chiropractic care for their spine-related problems.
Patients do better if they are close to their family and sources of support.
Patients do better in their own homes than anywhere else.
Patients do better when they have faith that they're going to do better.
Patients do change their minds, and sometimes medical intervention is necessary.
Patients do differ from one another.
Patients do experience a sensation of pressure during creation of corneal flap.
Patients do experience diabetic enteropathy, which is manifested by diarrhea.
Patients do feel better after therapy.
Patients do have access to an online connection in their hospital rooms for laptop use.
Patients do have bizarre and mood-incongruent delusions and hallucinations when manic.
Patients do have financial responsibility to pay.
Patients do have power to alleviate some of their therapists' concerns.
Patients do have remedies for the boundary-crossing doctor.
Patients do have to pay for lab tests, supplies, immunizations, and other costs.
Patients do it feverishly.
Patients do talk to each other.
Patients do the darndest things.
Patients do tricks.
Patients do vote with their feet for some services.
Patients DO want to see an outside specialist when their plan can t meet their needs.
Patients do well after robot heart ops.
Patients do well upon restoration of normal magnesium levels.
Patients do well with the assistance of their family or friends.
Patients document improvement.
Patients don a swimsuit after having completed a health check with the practitioner.
Patients don t want to waste their precious time on inappropriate programs.
Patients doubt their emotional strength to return home and continue life as before.
Patients drain their urine with a catheter through a stoma on their abdomen.
Patients drink a special solution to cleanse the colon the night before the test.
Patients drink mineral water, undergo mineral water-bath treatment, water is used for inhalations.
Patients drink one or two cups daily.
Patients drink plenty.
Patients drink water.
Patients drive when drunk and with uncontrolled seizures.
Patients drive without licenses.
Patients dying of the tumor almost always do so within the first two years.
Patients eat a clear liquid diet until the gastrointestinal tract is functioning again.
Patients eat compulsively and uncontrollably.
Patients eat fatty food.
Patients eat food.
Patients eat less and lose weight.
Patients encourage patients.
Patients end up on stretchers in hallways of overcrowded ERs when all available beds are occupied.
Patients end up with just a little horizontal scar in the bikini line.
Patients end up with too much glucose in the blood.
Patients enjoy a normal-style diet, and are satisfied to eat smaller portions.
Patients enjoy activities consistent with their assigned security level.
Patients enjoy an early return to most normal activities.
Patients enjoy enhanced function and are able to wear the prosthesis for longer periods.
Patients enjoy looking back, because it helps their understanding of what they're going through.
Patients enjoy rooms with views overlooking a landscaped area.
Patients enjoy shorter exam times.
Patients enjoy socializing with other joint replacement patients in a cheerful setting.
Patients enjoy the opportunity of having medical questions answered by experts.
Patients enjoy the private, relaxed dressing rooms and the caring attitude of the entire staff.
Patients enjoy the way efficient scheduling suits their needs.
Patients enter a structured treatment programme with follow-ups once or twice a month.
Patients enter the hospital carrying multitudes of bacteria as part of their normal microbial flora.
Patients enter the hospital system via several pathways.
Patients enter the pool using the ladder or a hydraulic lift chair.
Patients enter the system through a primary care physician.
Patients enter the system through primary care and move to other levels by referral.
Patients enter through double doors and report to the desk in the first office on the left.
Patients enter through the front of the unit for registration.
Patients entrust their lives to the care of other people.
Patients entrust to their doctors information they share with few other human beings.
Patients evaluate general practice.
Patients even resist words like terminal.
Patients eventually become paralyzed and die, usually within five years.
Patients exercise control by buying health insurance or going without it.
Patients exercise in a small group setting with individual modifications as needed.
Patients exhibit differences.
Patients exhibit effects.
Patients exhibit mental confusion,agitation and delirium.
Patients exhibit mild symptoms.
Patients exhibit nervousness, tachycardia, headache, and sweating.
Patients exhibit patterns.
Patients exhibit ranges.
Patients exhibit secondary symptoms.
Patients exhibit symmetric paresis.
Patients exhibit symptoms.
Patients exhibit values.
Patients expect a diagnosis.
Patients expect a doctor to be competent, confident, compassionate and frank.
Patients expect a name for their condition.
Patients expect and see RNs as their advocates.
Patients expect attentive care for their pain, before it becomes severe.
Patients expect doctors to be experts and scientists.
Patients expect doctors to explain, in detail, new tests or new medicines.
Patients expect doctors.
Patients expect medical staff to wear weird stuff.
Patients expect perfect care with as little as possible out of their own pockets.
Patients expect physicians to maintain private information in a confidential and dignified manner.
Patients expect staff to be trained by the hospital.
Patients expect tablets.
Patients expect that.
Patients expect their doctors to stay on the cutting edge of medical technology.
Patients expect to be treated with honesty -intellectual and financial.
Patients experience a better quality of life during and after proton treatment.
Patients experience a feeling of heaviness or leg aching after periods of time on their feet.
Patients experience a seamless delivery of services.
Patients experience a sudden sensation of heat, feeling hot and sweaty.
Patients experience a variety of symptoms, most notably fatigue and lack of mobility in their limbs.
Patients experience a wide range of symptoms depending on the extent of damage to the brain.
Patients experience abdominal pain.
Patients experience administration.
Patients experience adult respiratory distress syndromes.
Patients experience adverse reaction.
Patients experience an increased sense of self-worth and personal empowerment with regular exercise.
Patients experience blurry vision during the first day after surgery.
Patients experience breaths.
Patients experience central nervous disorder.
Patients experience central nervous system disorder.
Patients experience chest pain.
Patients experience chronic and recurring, abdominal pain, diarrhea and gastrointestinal bleeding.
Patients experience coma and convulsions, followed by respiratory distress, and finally death.
Patients experience conditions.
Patients experience diseases.
Patients experience disorder.
Patients experience distress syndromes.
Patients experience distress.
Patients experience effects.
Patients experience fatigue.
Patients experience fever and chills.
Patients experience fever and cough.
Patients experience follow symptoms.
Patients experience headache more than any other type of pain.
Patients experience high fever.
Patients experience improvement.
Patients experience increasing pain, weakness in gripping, and limited motion.
Patients experience infection.
Patients experience injuries.
Patients experience medical problems in the same way as the general population.
Patients experience mild nausea.
Patients experience minimal discomfort and can usually resume within one to three days.
Patients experience minimal, if any, discomfort.
Patients experience more comfort during the examination.
Patients experience much less chest pain, or angina, and can run much longer on a treadmill.
Patients experience nausea.
Patients experience nervous disorder.
Patients experience new signs of asymmetric muscle weakness, atrophy, and fasciculations.
Patients experience pain that's amplified in muscle sites over the entire body.
Patients experience pain.
Patients experience persistent symptoms.
Patients experience problems.
Patients experience profound distress.
Patients experience reaction.
Patients experience relief from symptoms within one week after the first injection.
Patients experience relief.
Patients experience respiratory diseases.
Patients experience respiratory syndromes.
Patients experience sensation.
Patients experience severe diseases.
Patients experience severe menstrual cramps with the growth of their fibroids.
Patients experience severe respiratory diseases.
Patients experience sexual arousal when they yawn, often progressing to orgasm.
Patients experience shortness of breath, chest pain, and fainting.
Patients experience side effects.
Patients experience significant pain when walking, steadily worsening toward the end of the day.
Patients experience some degree of pain and discomfort while the epithelium regenerates.
Patients experience sometimes severe side effects , and toxicity develops over long-term use.
Patients experience success.
Patients experience symptoms associated with compression of the nerve roots and cauda equina.
Patients experience symptoms when they feel most relaxed and their legs are at rest.
Patients experience symptoms.
Patients experience syndromes.
Patients experience system disorder.
Patients experience tremors, rigidity, slowness of movement and impaired balance.
Patients experience very different degrees of discomfort.
Patients experience withdrawal symptoms.
Patients experiencing a complete remission have a higher chance of being cured.
Patients experiencing a heart attack commonly report pain in the upper left extremity.
Patients experiencing restenosis have a better solution than ever before.
Patients express concern.
Patients express preference for well-trimmed hairstyles.
Patients express preference.
Patients express themselves in many ways.
Patients express weakness, lassitude, and anorexia.
Patients face burdens.
Patients face many barriers to participating in clinical trials.
Patients face surgery or other unpleasant procedures a little less frightened and more in control.
Patients facing bypass surgery, as well as their families, usually have many questions and concerns.
Patients facing even the simplest medical procedure worry about the outcome.
Patients facing long term or life threatening disease face substantial medical costs also.
Patients fail miserably when trying to clear plus and minus lenses.
Patients fall just as frequently regardless of the type of medication.
Patients feel a tingling and burning sensation, most often in the legs and feet.
Patients feel anger.
Patients feel as if they are spinning or that their surroundings are moving.
Patients feel better about appearing in public.
Patients feel better about themselves.
Patients feel better after the hyperbaric chamber because they're high on all that oxygen.
Patients feel better and that s what disease management is all about.
Patients feel better in comfortable environments.
Patients feel better quickly, with fewer side effects.
Patients feel comfortable and relaxed while being adjusted.
Patients feel comfortable here, so they navigate the entire site.
Patients feel comfortable with it.
Patients feel comfortable with the technology, trust it, and indicate a willingness to use it again.
Patients feel constantly under stress.
Patients feel controlled, intruded upon, or ashamed when confronted about their eating disorder.
Patients feel dramatically better, often with all pain gone, energy returns.
Patients feel even greater stress being sick, and frightened by the possibilities of the illness.
Patients feel full after a small meal.
Patients feel full of gas and bloated especially after a meal.
Patients feel horribly fatigued and are unable to make red blood cells.
Patients feel it.
Patients feel left out and want to be included in medical decisions which pertain to their own care.
Patients feel like they are getting more care.
Patients feel minimal pain and no hair is shaved from the head.
Patients feel more involved and have a way to visualize their progress.
Patients feel more tired after dialysis.
Patients feel no pain and often go home the same day.
Patients feel no pain from the electrical pulse.
Patients feel nothing in the affected area.
Patients feel pain.
Patients feel sharp pain.
Patients feel temporary pain throughout the length of a muscle.
Patients feel that minimizing what they are experiencing tends to be condescending.
Patients feel the benefits far outweigh the concerns.
Patients feel they are being bled dry financially in order to survive physically.
Patients feel they are getting top-notch care, too.
Patients feel they get a lot more out of the visit.
Patients feel tired, weak and worn out.
Patients feel treatments.
Patients feel unsafe.
Patients feel virtually no pain when they are inserted.
Patients feel virtually nothing up to a sensation of a hot pinprick for a fraction of a second.
Patients feel weak, tired, or short of breath.
Patients fight to get access to the specialists who are trained to treat their disease.
Patients fill out a form in the waiting room.
Patients fill out a questionnaire ranking the criteria by which they wish to be matched.
Patients fill out questionnaires, each covering a different aspect of diabetes.
Patients fill the reception area.
Patients finally experience coma and convulsions, followed by death.
Patients finally have an affordable alternative.
Patients find diets.
Patients find doctors.
Patients find fact sheets useful for further reference.
Patients find food diets.
Patients find hundreds of uses for the handy tote bags.
Patients find it a relaxing experience, sometimes even drifting off to sleep.
Patients find it both degrading and very frightening.
Patients find it easier to wear something in their mouth than a mask covering the face.
Patients find it reassuring to have a female doctor catering to their most personal medical needs.
Patients find it reassuring to have a female doctor catering to their most personal needs.
Patients find lying on an operating table for long periods uncomfortable.
Patients find medicine.
Patients find options.
Patients find our receptionists to be consistently friendly and professional.
Patients find photographs useful in understanding their disease.
Patients find situations.
Patients find that the treatments are relaxing and usually involve little or no pain.
Patients find that turning their head away from the painful side helps.
Patients find the nausea, drowsiness and dizziness prohibitive for routine use.
Patients find the recipes to be tasty and filling.
Patients find the setting more at ease when the seats are placed in a circle or a semicircle.
Patients find the student sensitive.
Patients find themselves quickly bonding with and supporting each other.
Patients find treatments.
Patients first develop hyperthyroidism, and then hypothyroidism as the disease process resolves.
Patients first lie flat on a table to have leg-length differences measured.
Patients first lose the ability to see details and are soon unable to read.
Patients first lose their ability to direct and coordinate their muscles.
Patients first notice redness and scaling of the face and scalp.
Patients flick a switch to release the bladder.
Patients float in waist deep ocean water as subtle energy hands on technique is delivered.
Patients flow both ways with the same results.
Patients fly through an icy canyon with a river and frigid waterfall.
Patients focus on symptoms.
Patients focus on the dot.
Patients follow a prescribed food program with the goal of losing one to two pounds per week.
Patients follow diets.
Patients follow guidelines.
Patients follow prevention guidelines.
Patients follow recommendations.
Patients follow simple steps.
Patients follow steps.
Patients follow through and complete their full treatment programs on schedule.
Patients gain confidence by being active in a medically supervised setting.
Patients gain the experience and expertise that a large cancer center brings.
Patients gather in a central location and the dogs take turns visiting with each one.
Patients generally appear acutely ill with signs of consolidation on pulmonary examination.
Patients generally are able to eat well and their mouth is usually closed during respiration.
Patients generally are able to return to work within two days of discharge, if they feel up to it.
Patients generally arrive two hours before their bedtime.
Patients generally begin to respond quickly to appropriate treatment.
Patients generally can return to work within a day or two after laser vision correction.
Patients generally complain about aesthetic concerns.
Patients generally complain of a mass, which is visible in the orbital area.
Patients generally exercise as part of their treatment.
Patients generally experience reduced post-op discomfort and a dramatically shortened recovery time.
Patients generally feel more comfortable with treatment.
Patients generally go back to work within a day or two.
Patients generally have a rapid, total recovery, therefore no treatment is indicated.
Patients generally have global neurologic depression.
Patients generally have to keep using other medications because they only suppress acne temporarily.
Patients generally present with back pain that is worse after rest and improves with exercise.
Patients generally present with chronic pain, stiffness, and swelling.
Patients generally present with headaches secondary to obstructive hydrocephalus.
Patients generally recover quickly or possibly die.
Patients generally remain alert and responsive.
Patients generally remain on the unit for one week.
Patients generally report enhanced personal and professional life, performance and well-being.
Patients generally report multiple complaints of pain over a prolonged period.
Patients generally require a two-day stay in the hospital for recovery.
Patients generally require no anesthetic which means no painful injections prior to treatment.
Patients generally require surgical reduction and internal fixation.
Patients generally respond well to physiotherapy.
Patients generally see a cardiologist first and receive a referral to a cardiac surgeon.
Patients generally see a neurologist first and receive a referral to a neurosurgeon.
Patients generally seek medical care after a period of worsening symptoms.
Patients generally seek therapy because they are in emotional distress.
Patients generally spend only one night in the hospital.
Patients generally start by taking the medications in tablets or capsules of varying dosages.
Patients generally start with low doses and gradually increase as needed.
Patients generally survive three to five years after diagnosis.
Patients generally take Arnica for two or three days before and after surgery.
Patients generally tend to keep in touch.
Patients generally think they brush longer, but most spend less than a minute brushing.
Patients generally think they're brushing longer, but most spend less than a minute brushing.
Patients generally tolerate procedures better when they are informed of what to expect.
Patients generally wear the total contact casts for several weeks, giving the ulcer time to heal.
Patients generate profit.
Patients get a choice each day for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
Patients get a collective opinion from our team of internationally-renowned healthcare specialists.
Patients get a deep lightning bolt pain from the quadratus lumborum to the front of the thigh.
Patients get a dollar a day to spend at localfarmers markets.
Patients get a lot more out of a consultation when they already know the basics.
Patients get a lot of attention.
Patients get abdominal pain.
Patients get another opinion without having to travel.
Patients get antibiotics if infection is present.
Patients get better more quickly when they are at home because they are more comfortable there.
Patients get better over time as the brain heals.
Patients get blood.
Patients get breaths.
Patients get chemotherapy.
Patients get fast, expert, effective, modern care in line with their needs.
Patients get fatigue, swelling, hardening of the skin and sometimes internal problems.
Patients get four infusions one week apart.
Patients get general anesthesia and are fully asleep.
Patients get headaches.
Patients get illnesses.
Patients get into habits.
Patients get little explanation.
Patients get long term relief.
Patients get medicine.
Patients get over it and they'll hopefully be back to normal before too long.
Patients get pain.
Patients get relief.
Patients get surgery.
Patients get term relief.
Patients get the best results when they take an active role in their health care.
Patients get the picture very quickly.
Patients get their medications quickly.
Patients get their pain medicine by pushing a button.
Patients get their wounds treated and bandaged and learn such skills as basket weaving.
Patients get tired.
Patients get treatments.
Patients get very frustrated.
Patients get well faster with decreased pain.
Patients gets proper care, which includes medication and other therapy.
Patients give consent.
Patients give testimony of remission from all kinds of disease.
Patients give the practice high marks in follow-up surveys.
Patients go back to work in about a week.
Patients go elsewhere.
Patients go home a few hours after surgery.
Patients go home after an overnight hospital stay and without a urinary catheter.
Patients go home at night.
Patients go home comfortably the same day of the surgery.
Patients go home immediately following surgery.
Patients go home the day of therapy.
Patients go home the same day after therapy.
Patients go home the same day and can eat anything they want, some for the first time in years.
Patients go home the same day and can resume normal activity the following day.
Patients go home the same day and most return to normal activities the following day.
Patients go home the same day.
Patients go home with a patch over their eye and come in the following day to see the doctor.
Patients go home within two days after surgery and return a week later for suture removal.
Patients go in and out until nightfall, and sometimes into the night.
Patients go in and out until nightfall, and sometimes, even, until two hours and more in the night.
Patients go into remission within a few months of therapy using our multifaceted program.
Patients go on the drugs knowing that it's an expensive life commitment, but they are desperate.
Patients go right back to normal activity.
Patients go right back to their normal activity after each session.
Patients go through stages.
Patients go through the same tests to see if their back pain comes from a bad disc.
Patients go to doctors.
Patients go to other countries to have rhinoplasty and other surgery performed at a lower cost.
Patients go to the emergency department with nonurgent problems for various reasons.
Patients go where the hell they please.
Patients gradually increase their activity under observation.
Patients gradually lose control of their muscles until they become paralyzed.
Patients gradually lose their ability to move, to swallow, and finally, to breathe.
Patients gradually lose their coordination.
Patients gradually progress from passive conservative to active conservative treatment approaches.
Patients guide themselves through the self-directed program.
Patients handle the stress of their diagnosis and treatment in different ways.
Patients hate busy signals, being left on hold, or being forced to go through the voice mail system.
Patients hate needles.
Patients hate standing, so build areas where they can sit and wait for a room to become available.
Patients hate the endless forms, costs and begging for the right to get a medical procedure.
Patients have (part) arms.
Patients have (part) body substances.
Patients have (part) cell membranes.
Patients have (part) cells.
Patients have (part) corpi.
Patients have (part) cytoplasm.
Patients have (part) heads.
Patients have (part) human bodies.
Patients have (part) legs.
Patients have (part) material bodies.
Patients have (part) necks.
Patients have (part) nuclei.
Patients have (part) personality.
Patients have (part) plasma membranes.
Patients have (part) sections.
Patients have (part) vacuoles.
Patients have a better communication channel with their physicians.
Patients have a better sense of self-management and control.
Patients have a certain amount they can withdraw from their account during a year.
Patients have a constitutional basis for their everyday expectation of safety.
Patients have a distinct advantage because they are receiving the best possible care.
Patients have a feeling of well being and there is a positive anabolic effect.
Patients have a fundamental right to privacy in their relationship with health care providers.
Patients have a good chance to recover.
Patients have a good prognosis if no malignant degeneration occurs.
Patients have a good understanding for each others' experience, as do the staff.
Patients have a greatly reduced tolerance to alcohol.
Patients have a high cold agglutinin titer and no morphologic evidence of neoplasia.
Patients have a high fever and productive cough.
Patients have a history of chronic pain.
Patients have a legal right to access their own records.
Patients have a means to communicate with and receive ongoing feedback from the healthcare provider.
Patients have a much greater array of treatment options they can choose from than in the past.
Patients have a much greater chance of survival if the disease is spotted and treated early.
Patients have a much shorter hospital stay and results have been gratifying.
Patients have a normal life expectancy.
Patients have a number of questions about PET scans.
Patients have a painful, swollen and tender toe.
Patients have a pains described as dull aches squeezing in the chest to constriction in the chest.
Patients have a personal responsibility in their own health.
Patients have a positive response and immunologic tolerance to growth hormone therapy.
Patients have a propensity for fungal, viral and bacterial infections.
Patients have a responsibility to follow hospital rules and regulations.
Patients have a right of access to their confidential written medical records.
Patients have a right to a competent nurse.
Patients have a right to a full and fair review of their benefit claims.
Patients have a right to access, copy and amend their records.
Patients have a right to appropriate pain assessment and management.
Patients have a right to be treated in the least restrictive environment.
Patients have a right to confidentiality of their medical and mental health records.
Patients have a right to confidentiality.
Patients have a right to die.
Patients have a right to have access to their medical and mental health records.
Patients have a right to have opportunities for physical exercise.
Patients have a right to have opportunities for recreation outdoors.
Patients have a right to have reasonable access to telephones.
Patients have a right to have the coverage of their health care policy clearly disclosed in advance.
Patients have a right to have their pain assessed.
Patients have a right to know everything about their care.
Patients have a right to know the truth.
Patients have a right to know what information is in their records.
Patients have a right to know what is happening to their information.
Patients have a right to know what is in their medical records.
Patients have a right to make and receive confidential telephone calls.
Patients have a right to medical care rendered within a reasonable distance from their residence.
Patients have a right to neutral counseling prior to undergoing any medical procedure.
Patients have a right to quality care, and workers have a right to a safe workplace.
Patients have a right to receive a written denial of their claims and appeals.
Patients have a right to refuse psychosurgery.
Patients have a right to refuse treatment or to request that it be discontinued at any time.
Patients have a right to release medical information about themselves to anyone, if they so choose.
Patients have a right to treatment that includes prevention of or adequate relief from pain.
Patients have a right to treatment that includes prevention or adequate relief of pain.
Patients have a right to visit with anyone they choose at reasonable times.
Patients have a right to whatever service they can pay for.
Patients have a role and responsibility to aid and actively participate in their care.
Patients have a role too.
Patients have a say in our health care policies.
Patients have a scar from their surgical incision.
Patients have a slowly progressive dementia which develops over a number of years.
Patients have a splashy array of hues from which to choose for much of their orthodontic hardware.
Patients have a typical annular rash, called erythema migrans.
Patients have a voice, the voice of experience.
Patients have a wide gamut of digestive and hepatic diseases.
Patients have abdominal pain.
Patients have ability.
Patients have abnormal pupils.
Patients have abnormal values.
Patients have abnormalities.
Patients have access to a library containing articles relating to epilepsy.
Patients have access to a therapy pool and a physical and occupational therapy gym.
Patients have access to any doctors or services within the network.
Patients have access to as much or, sometimes, more information than their physicians.
Patients have access to both standard radiation treatment as well as proton beam therapy.
Patients have access to cancer-related support groups.
Patients have access to ongoing clinical trials testing new drug treatments and therapies.
Patients have access to the appropriate type of care.
Patients have access to the networked program system, and use it to develop their weekly contracts.
Patients have access to the nurses by appointment or on a walk-in basis.
Patients have access to Web-based educational material edited by their health care providers.
Patients have accurate information.
Patients have acute diseases.
Patients have acute illnesses.
Patients have acute liver diseases.
Patients have acute respiratory illnesses.
Patients have additional abnormalities.
Patients have advantage.
Patients have affective responses to pain.
Patients have ages.
Patients have alcoholic liver diseases.
Patients have allergic reaction.
Patients have allergies.
Patients have alternatives.
Patients have amino acid deficiencies.
Patients have an emotional vacuum that they expect filled.
Patients have an equal chance of receiving either one.
Patients have an excellent prognosis once the deficiency is corrected.
Patients have an excellent prognosis with full recovery anticipated.
Patients have an increased risk for kidney disease and heart disease and a reduced life expectancy.
Patients have an increased risk of lymphoproliferative malignancies.
Patients have an overgrowth of bone marrow cells, called plasma cells.
Patients have ancestry.
Patients have angioedema without urticaria.
Patients have antibodies.
Patients have appointments with dentists.
Patients have arteries.
Patients have artery diseases.
Patients have assessments.
Patients have autoimmune antibodies.
Patients have average intake.
Patients have back, flank, or abdominal pain that can be severe and disabling.
Patients have balance disorder.
Patients have best results when treated by a consistent medical and mental health team.
Patients have better outcomes.
Patients have blood flow problems.
Patients have blood sugar abnormalities.
Patients have blood.
Patients have bones.
Patients have bowel movement.
Patients have breathe problems.
Patients have breaths.
Patients have bypass surgery.
Patients have cardiovascular diseases.
Patients have cell abnormalities.
Patients have certain rights as do the medical professionals.
Patients have changes largely confined to the skin and digits.
Patients have chest pain.
Patients have circulatory problems.
Patients have clinic visits at least twice a month.
Patients have concern.
Patients have conditions.
Patients have constant noncyclic vulvar or perineal discomfort.
Patients have constant pain.
Patients have constipation.
Patients have coronary artery diseases.
Patients have coronary diseases.
Patients have coxa vara and genu varum which causes their stunted growth and bowed legs.
Patients have daily intake.
Patients have damage.
Patients have deficiencies.
Patients have degeneration of vital nerve centers at the base of their brains.
Patients have dental procedures.
Patients have diarrhea, malabsorption, and abdominal pain.
Patients have different needs in terms of information relating to their medication.
Patients have different views about how they feel about one thing vs. another.
Patients have difficulty closing thru the putty.
Patients have difficulty evaluating clinical care quality, but they can evaluate service quality.
Patients have difficulty lifting, raising their arms overhead, and climbing stairs.
Patients have difficulty making a fist due to the lack of use of the portion of the flexor dig.
Patients have difficulty with balance, coordination of arms and legs and speech.
Patients have difficulty with balance, coordination of arms and legs, and speech.
Patients have direct access to lush green meditative space composed of rocks, plants and a fountain.
Patients have disabling motor fluctuations or dyskinesias.
Patients have disadvantage.
Patients have diseases.
Patients have disorder.
Patients have earphones placed over the ears and are tested by use of varying degrees of clicks.
Patients have eat meat.
Patients have eat red meat.
Patients have economic incentives to use the providers contracted by the insurance firm.
Patients have economic status.
Patients have effects.
Patients have effort.
Patients have enough dense jawbone in which to secure the implants.
Patients have episodes.
Patients have examinations and laboratory tests performed at visits.
Patients have expectancy.
Patients have extensive radiation treatments.
Patients have extensive treatments.
Patients Have Families.
Patients have families.
Patients have fared better in recent years, the authors note.
Patients have fatal outcomes.
Patients have fear.
Patients have features of both polar forms.
Patients have feeling which ranges from discomfort to pain.
Patients have fever and sore throat, often with pain referred to the ear.
Patients have fever, a slightly erythematous wound, and persistent pain.
Patients have fever, cough, hepatosplenomegaly, malaise, myalgias, urticaria, and eosinophilia.
Patients have fevers.
Patients have few options.
Patients have few other options.
Patients have few physical complaints and most occurrences resolve completely at puberty.
Patients have follow laboratory values.
Patients have follow symptoms.
Patients have food sensitivity.
Patients have food.
Patients have free choice of providers.
Patients have frequent and severe nosebleeds due to telangiectases.
Patients have full access to the protection of law.
Patients have full of gratitude toward nurses.
Patients have fun in our office with our contests and parties.
Patients have gastrointestinal symptoms.
Patients have genetic disorder.
Patients have greater access to care, and improved quality of life.
Patients have greater access to primary care, and improved quality of life.
Patients have guidance.
Patients have have impressive results.
Patients have have opportunity.
Patients have have results.
Patients have have symptoms.
Patients have have treatments.
Patients have health concern.
Patients have heart diseases.
Patients have heart problems.
Patients have high fever and appear toxic.
Patients have high levels of anti-AFP antibodies in blood.
Patients have hips.
Patients have hormones.
Patients have hospitals.
Patients have hypercalcemia.
Patients have hyperextendable skin and loose joints.
Patients have illnesses.
Patients have impairment.
Patients have improvement.
Patients have include cardiovascular diseases.
Patients have individual requirements for fit, comfort, level of competition, and compliance.
Patients have information.
Patients have injections.
Patients have insulin reaction.
Patients have intake.
Patients have issues.
Patients have kidney diseases.
Patients have kidney problems.
Patients have kidneys.
Patients have legs.
Patients have limits.
Patients have little consumer choice.
Patients have little recourse when denied treatment.
Patients have liver diseases.
Patients have livers.
Patients have loss of central vision, field loss, and color vision abnormalities.
Patients have low bones.
Patients have low fibrinogen levels with no evidence of disseminated intravascular coagulation.
Patients have lower legs.
Patients have lung diseases.
Patients have measurable diseases.
Patients have meat.
Patients have mechanical disadvantage.
Patients have memory.
Patients have mild developmental delays, microcephaly and congenital heart disease.
Patients have mineral imbalances due to diet and poor absorption.
Patients have minimal discomfort.
Patients have mistletoe injections.
Patients have mixed reactions.
Patients have moderate hypercalcemia from an early age but relatively low urinary calcium excretion.
Patients have more choices, and most importantly, local choices.
Patients have more dental care options than ever before.
Patients have more energy, better control of anemia, and enjoy a free diet.
Patients have more options now.
Patients have movement.
Patients have much to gain by doing so, perhaps their very lives.
Patients have muscular conditions.
Patients have negative rapid strep tests.
Patients have negative tests.
Patients have new federal statutory rights regarding the release of health information.
Patients have no access to our labs.
Patients have no choice in paying the listing fees.
Patients have no claim forms to complete and no deductibles .
Patients have no opportunity to decline identification as potential treatment research participants.
Patients have no papers to fill out.
Patients have no recourse for the negligent delivery of care.
Patients have no risk factors and mild to moderate symptoms of hospital-acquired pneumonia.
Patients have no role in the selection process.
Patients have no scarring and avoid the risks of anesthesia.
Patients have no signs or symptoms, only positive serological tests.
Patients have normal intelligence.
Patients have nothing to lose by taking promising non-toxic treatments.
Patients have occurrences.
Patients have option of open-label zoledronate at time of bone metastases.
Patients have options.
Patients have other options.
Patients have other serious health concern.
Patients have other words.
Patients have outcomes.
Patients have pain.
Patients have painful raw areas with detachable shreds of epithelium in the mouth.
Patients have parathyroid abnormalities.
Patients have parathyroid hormones.
Patients have parents.
Patients have particular problems grasping abstract, as opposed to concrete, information.
Patients have PDAs which can be used to contact clinicians for assistance and advice.
Patients have physiological abnormalities.
Patients have problems meeting deadlines and commitments.
Patients have problems with glare, blurred vision, poor contrast, and color perception.
Patients have problems.
Patients have procedures.
Patients have proper supervision.
Patients have protein intake.
Patients have pulmonary diseases.
Patients have pupils.
Patients have quadriparesis associated with hyporeflexia.
Patients have quality.
Patients have questions.
Patients have quick and easy online access to their own medical information.
Patients have quicker and wider access to specialists.
Patients have radiation treatments.
Patients have rapid tests.
Patients have reaction.
Patients have ready access to a full array of services and treatments.
Patients have red meat.
Patients have regular physical examinations.
Patients have renal diseases.
Patients have requirements.
Patients have resistance.
Patients have respiratory effort.
Patients have respiratory illnesses.
Patients have responsibility for selecting their surgeons.
Patients have right to prevention of or adequate relief from pain.
Patients have rights.
Patients have salt sensitivity.
Patients have seizure disorder.
Patients have sensitivity.
Patients have serious concern.
Patients have several surgical options, each of which has advantages and disadvantages.
Patients have severe abdominal pain.
Patients have severe abnormalities.
Patients have severe allergic reaction.
Patients have severe fatigue and feel very slowed down.
Patients have severe pain which is exacerbated by moving the pinna or tragus.
Patients have severe pain.
Patients have severe problems.
Patients have severe reaction.
Patients have severe symptoms.
Patients have severe visual impairment at birth.
Patients have side effects.
Patients have significant improvement.
Patients have similar symptoms.
Patients have some nerve complaining about long waits.
Patients have something to look forward to if a dog and handler make regularly scheduled visits.
Patients have stages.
Patients have status.
Patients have strep tests.
Patients have strong reaction.
Patients have successful surgery.
Patients have such conditions.
Patients have supervision.
Patients have surgery procedures.
Patients have surgery.
Patients have swallow food.
Patients have symptoms of fatigue, fever and bleeding.
Patients have symptoms.
Patients have tendencies.
Patients have term kidney problems.
Patients have tests.
Patients have that mindset that at the touch of a laser, something can be removed.
Patients have the ability to compensate at the unfused segments.
Patients have the ability to complete surveys online to measure their progress.
Patients have the ability to go outside with a staff member and to go to the nearby shopping center.
Patients have the choice of being treated at either facility.
Patients have the choice of general anesthesia or local anesthesia.
Patients have the equipment available and have the option to test themselves.
Patients have the fundamental right to information about their doctors.
Patients have the legal right to obtain copies of their medical records in most states.
Patients have the opportunity to ask nurses questions.
Patients have the opportunity to ask questions or clear up misunderstandings.
Patients have the opportunity to e-mail questions to certified oncology nurses.
Patients have the opportunity to groom, play with, and learn about animal care.
Patients have the opportunity to participate in a number of national clinical trials.
Patients have the opportunity to recover without any loss of physical or mental capabilities.
Patients have the option to participate in any appropriate open study.
Patients have the potential to do well with many, many different causes of hearing loss.
Patients have the responsibility for the prompt payment of all charges related to their health care.
Patients have the right now to sue their HMO for refusal of needed treatments.
Patients have the right of way.
Patients have the right to a photocopy of all records and charts for their personal use.
Patients have the right to a second opinion .
Patients have the right to an explanation of charges related to their health care.
Patients have the right to appeal decisions initially unfavorable to their position.
Patients have the right to appropriate assessment and management of pain.
Patients have the right to be able to move around freely.
Patients have the right to be as comfortable as possible at all times.
Patients have the right to be aware of and informed about their dose.
Patients have the right to be free from all forms of abuse or harassment.
Patients have the right to be informed about relevant hospital policies that affect their care.
Patients have the right to be informed of all services available in our facilities.
Patients have the right to be protected from exploitation.
Patients have the right to be restraint free.
Patients have the right to be satisfied with the care and treatment provided.
Patients have the right to be treated with dignity and respect at all times.
Patients have the right to care and treatment in a safe environment.
Patients have the right to challenge the denial of medical services by appeal.
Patients have the right to change primary or specialty physicians.
Patients have the right to change primary physician or nurse practitioners as they are available.
Patients have the right to choose all plan services and options.
Patients have the right to choose the pharmacy where they wish to have their prescription filled.
Patients have the right to complain without fear of reprisal.
Patients have the right to consent and refuse treatment and experimentation.
Patients have the right to consent to any treatment they receive.
Patients have the right to coordination and continuity with regard to their health care.
Patients have the right to decide if they want information about their genetic susceptibilities.
Patients have the right to decline disclosure.
Patients have the right to effective pain management.
Patients have the right to express grievances and suggestions to the health center.
Patients have the right to freedom from mental, physical, and verbal abuse.
Patients have the right to fully participate in all decisions related to their health care.
Patients have the right to get copies of their records and to request corrections.
Patients have the right to have their pain treated.
Patients have the right to inspect, copy, amend and receive an accounting of disclosures.
Patients have the right to inspect, copy, amend, and receive an accounting of disclosures.
Patients have the right to know all the details of their plans and the policies.
Patients have the right to know objectively whether the chances of success outweigh the risks.
Patients have the right to know the anticipated cost and duration of services.
Patients have the right to know the provider's qualifications.
Patients have the right to know virtually everything associated with their own well-being and care.
Patients have the right to know what's going on.
Patients have the right to make advance directives.
Patients have the right to make decisions about their own treatment.
Patients have the right to meet privately with whomever they wish.
Patients have the right to opt-out of marketing only after receiving a marketing communication.
Patients have the right to participate in decisions about their care.
Patients have the right to receive an itemized bill and an explanation of all direct charges.
Patients have the right to receive considerate and respectful care in a clean and safe environment.
Patients have the right to receive, without charge, a copy of their prescription.
Patients have the right to refuse participation.
Patients have the right to refuse to participate in any research project.
Patients have the right to refuse to participate in any research projects.
Patients have the right to refuse to participate in experimental research.
Patients have the right to refuse to take part in any research or investigational studies.
Patients have the right to refuse to visit.
Patients have the right to refuse treatment, even if they die as a result.
Patients have the right to refuse treatment.
Patients have the right to request restrictions on the uses and disclosures of their information.
Patients have the right to respectful treatment.
Patients have the right to review the information contained in their health records.
Patients have the right to see and copy their own medical records.
Patients have the right to the best pain relief possible .
Patients have the right to the best pain relief possible.
Patients have the right to timely access of their medical records.
Patients have the services of short-order cooks, hairdressers, and an attentive staff.
Patients have the time to discuss their problems without losing their train of thought.
Patients have the undivided attention of a nurse devoted to their care.
Patients have their blood drawn at each visit and their warfarin dosages are adjusted accordingly.
Patients have their choice of participating dentists.
Patients have threaten diseases.
Patients have three surgical options.
Patients have thumbs.
Patients have thyroids.
Patients have to be able to stand on their own legs.
Patients have to be advised of procedure and policy to allow sufficient time for such paper work.
Patients have to be careful around chemicals, or they can go into toxic overload.
Patients have to be especially vigilant for signs of infection throughout treatment.
Patients have to be fully examined by a qualified physician.
Patients have to be implanted with a little pump which is loaded with the drug.
Patients have to be motivated.
Patients have to be much more active in their own care than in the past.
Patients have to be rolled across the parking to get to it.
Patients have to be warned of common side effects.
Patients have to become their own advocates.
Patients have to bring in their own drips, or they die.
Patients have to cross that bridge.
Patients have to fight to get access to services they ve already paid for.
Patients have to follow complicated and strict dosing schedules.
Patients have to get up and shake their hand until the numbness goes away.
Patients have to go back to the same environment they came from.
Patients have to inject insulin to control their blood sugars.
Patients have to know that seafood allergies tend to persist for several or more years.
Patients have to learn to help themselves by avoiding stressful situations.
Patients have to make many difficult choices.
Patients have to meet a number of requirements before they can leave the hospital.
Patients have to participate in their care.
Patients have to pass a quiz before they can purchase the device.
Patients have to present their medical aid card and identity document on admission.
Patients have to respect that.
Patients have to take lots of pills and follow complicated dosing schedules.
Patients have to take the bus and to make sure a good deal of walking is involved, too.
Patients have to wait too long for treatment.
Patients have total control over the amount of traction applied.
Patients have treatments.
Patients have trench fevers.
Patients have trouble bending over or lying flat, because the heartburn increases.
Patients have trouble climbing up and down stairs or looking up without neck extension.
Patients have trouble.
Patients have tumours of neural origin and many have learning difficulties.
Patients have twice the number of allergic skin reactions as people without the illness.
Patients have two options for parking.
Patients have types.
Patients have typically severe systemic and local symptoms.
Patients have ultimate responsibility for payment.
Patients have underlie conditions.
Patients have unhindered access to participating dental specialists.
Patients have values.
Patients have various psychosocial problems, but no physical abnormality.
Patients have varying experiences.
Patients have vascular disorder.
Patients have weight.
Patients have well-preserved motor speech and no anomia.
Patients have wilson diseases.
Patients have, therefore, a certain amount of prior knowledge when they visit their doctor.
Patients having prior biopsy, subtotal or near-total resections are eligible.
Patients having second and third procedures sometimes have a little more postoperative discomfort.
Patients having the procedure receive a local anesthetic.
Patients heal faster and look better, thanks to the incorporation of a skin care program.
Patients heal faster and walk more comfortably while recovering.
Patients heal faster, reducing their hospital stay.
Patients hear a cracking sound, much like a muffled gunshot, and feel a thumping on their skin.
Patients hear heartbeats.
Patients hear professionally recorded messages concerning the date and time of their appointment.
Patients help doctors learn and have lessons to teach even the most seasoned physicians.
Patients here die painful deaths with minimal care.
Patients identify feelings of alienation due to the many societal misconceptions about epilepsy.
Patients immediately assume surgery is the only option.
Patients improve as long as they take it but the problem can come back once it is discontinued.
Patients improve effectiveness.
Patients improve in spite of the adjustive indicator.
Patients improve on corticosteroids and even on sulfasalazine.
Patients improve status.
Patients improve with pet therapy.
Patients inconsistently report the odor of newly mown hay.
Patients increasingly expect to exercise their right to consent.
Patients increasingly obtain information of varying accuracy from the Internet.
Patients infect with b viruses.
Patients infect with human immunodeficiency viruses.
Patients infect with immunodeficiency viruses.
Patients infect with viruses.
Patients inform doctors.
Patients infrequently report similar, self-limited episodes in the past.
Patients ingest proteins.
Patients ingest total proteins.
Patients ingest water.
Patients inhale that and hold it for three to five seconds.
Patients initially experience a stable response through the day.
Patients initially have nausea, vomiting, anorexia, and fever.
Patients initially present with hyperthyroidism and a painless goiter.
Patients initially present with influenzalike symptoms.
Patients initially present with pain due to cord compression.
Patients initially seek medical help for persistent jaw pain or toothache.
Patients insert the catheter tube into their urethras, generally every three to four hours.
Patients interact with each other during many activities including physical therapy and meals.
Patients invariably expect treatment to result in pain-free status.
Patients involved in the study can continue to be treated by their own physicians.
Patients is a virtue here.
Patients join clinical trials for many reasons.
Patients join in reading aloud appropriate psalms and canticles.
Patients joke with each other.
Patients just touch the screen to make it work.
Patients keep a copy to better understand and follow treatment recommendations.
Patients keep a diary and over time try to extend the time between scheduled urinations.
Patients keep their appointments when they're more comfortable.
Patients keep their eyes open and glance toward the light, but avoid staring directly into it.
Patients know .
Patients know just enough about it to make it frightening.
Patients know the name and role of the nurse responsible for their care coordination.
Patients know their doctors, and doctors know their patients.
Patients know their reputations and rely upon their experience and expertise.
Patients know what is going on.
Patients know when they're being stuck with needles, raising the likelihood of a placebo effect.
Patients lacking functional chemoreceptors have poor ventilatory response to exercise.
Patients lash out at doctors, nurses, and family.
Patients lead active lifestyle.
Patients lead healthier lives and learn skills to manage stress, foster healing or prevent illness.
Patients lead lifestyle.
Patients lead normal lives and learn how to empty their colon by using a special collecting device.
Patients learn about exercise, including simple things like morning walks or afternoon swims.
Patients learn about food choices so that they can improve eating habits and health.
Patients learn about the physical, psychological, and spiritual aspect of addictive disorders.
Patients learn about the use and care of wigs, turbans and scarves.
Patients learn and retain more from handouts that are short, easy to read and well illustrated.
Patients learn coping skills and other strategies to reduce secondary effects of pain.
Patients learn from each other under the guidance of nurses and a clinical psychologist.
Patients learn how children benefit from chiropractic care and the responsibility to tell others.
Patients learn how proper diet and exercise can help prevent the complications of osteoporosis.
Patients learn how to change nightmares into more pleasant images.
Patients learn how to change their thinking.
Patients learn how to maintain a positive appearance and outlook during cancer treatment.
Patients learn how to separate pain from hurt.
Patients learn how to simplify and manage their daily tasks more effectively, so as to save energy.
Patients learn job skills and eventually graduate from the center to live independently.
Patients learn new leisure skills to be continued upon discharge.
Patients learn proper body mechanics so that lifting and movement is done safely.
Patients learn stress management, relaxation training and biofeedback.
Patients learn the value of all the perspectives from each discipline.
Patients learn their own coping techniques which they share with others at support group meetings.
Patients learn there are consequences to eating more.
Patients learn through diet and exercise to reduce or eliminate dependence on medication.
Patients learn to care for themselves.
Patients learn to control bodily processes.
Patients learn to control vocal folds through visual feedback and breathing exercises.
Patients learn to gradually overcome their fear.
Patients learn to how communicate their needs and problems to their own doctor.
Patients learn to maneuver through the areas as part of their therapy.
Patients learn to monitor their lung function and to use their medications properly.
Patients learn to use their bed only for sleep and to follow a regular wake-up schedule.
Patients learn to work around the pain, to go about their daily lives.
Patients learn what to expect during and after the procedure.
Patients learn whether their risk is higher or lower than they thought.
Patients leave before some complications are identified.
Patients leave the office fully alert, able to speak, eat, and return to work.
Patients leave the queue they are in when they go to the privy.
Patients lie around, passive, unaroused, and unable to complete tasks or obey commands.
Patients lie in a horizontal total body chamber with transparent double-acrylic walls.
Patients lie in a short tunnel-like machine which contains a cylindrical magnet.
Patients lie in shabby, almost barren rooms.
Patients lie in temporary beds in emergency rooms, sometimes for days.
Patients lie on a padded table in a treatment room.
Patients lie on a table that slides in either head first or feet first.
Patients lie on a table while the cuffs squeeze their legs for an hour.
Patients lie on a table while X-ray beams scan portions of the body.
Patients lie on a tilt table that has a footboard for support.
Patients lie on beds.
Patients lie on right sides.
Patients lie on sides.
Patients lie on tables.
Patients lie on the examination table in the physician s office.
Patients lie on their applications which ask if they have seizures or medical disorders.
Patients lie on their stomach and are instructed to remain still while the images are being taken.
Patients lift knees.
Patients like and enjoy computer interviews.
Patients like to be acknowledged when they arrive.
Patients Listen to messages as often as they like.
Patients literally wait until it becomes emergency enough before going into the emergency room.
Patients live at home or in supervised program-affiliated housing.
Patients live at home, continue their normal work routine, and meet several times each week.
Patients live for periods.
Patients live in a dormitory setting with from one to three roommates.
Patients live in communities.
Patients live longer if they follow medical advice.
Patients look at drug costs a lot.
Patients look for their intelligence and caring when they come here.
Patients look forward to each soothing treatment.
Patients look to various sources for their information.
Patients look very flushed and have a rapid, high volume pulse.
Patients lose a great deal of magnesium after operations.
Patients lose about eleven pounds a month.
Patients lose almost all language function, both comprehension and expression.
Patients lose body weight.
Patients lose fat and gain muscle without diet or exercise.
Patients lose muscle and become more susceptible to infection.
Patients lose self-esteem and their sense of purpose.
Patients lose significant weight.
Patients lose the ability to dress and feed themselves, sit up, walk or even speak.
Patients lose the ability to effectively extend the fingers and grasp objects.
Patients lose their body mass and the albumin drops.
Patients lose their center of vision and see only on the periphery, as if squinting through a tube.
Patients lose their perception of social norms.
Patients lose weight.
Patients love having the same doctor both in the hospital and in the ambulatory clinic.
Patients love it and have the feeling they are managing the disease for themselves.
Patients love it because it is so comfortable, easy to use, form fitting and looks great.
Patients love it because they can get in when they actually are sick.
Patients love it.
Patients love name tags.
Patients love our new flavors with no after taste.
Patients love the glasses.
Patients love the opportunity to see their physicians outside of the office.
Patients love the programs.
Patients maintain a broad choice of physicians and facilities.
Patients maintain ability.
Patients maintain abnormal reaction.
Patients maintain diets.
Patients maintain good hygiene.
Patients maintain good oral hygiene.
Patients maintain hygiene.
Patients maintain oral hygiene.
Patients maintain reaction.
Patients make appointments by requesting a specific date and time.
Patients make best choices.
Patients make best treatment choices.
Patients make choices.
Patients make it through surgery but die of massive infections just days later.
Patients make monthly visits to have the pump reloaded with pain medication.
Patients make rational, self-interested decisions about a huge number of things every day.
Patients make reasonable choices about where to seek care.
Patients make remarkable progress.
Patients make well-formed letters but have characteristic spelling errors.
Patients manage symptoms.
Patients manifest high serum ferritins and an increased transferrin saturation.
Patients mark items that describe themselves on that day in terms of individual health.
Patients may have diarrhea.
Patients may have digest food.
Patients may have diseases.
Patients may have electrolyte imbalances.
Patients may have factors.
Patients may have food.
Patients may have imbalances.
Patients may have muscle diseases.
Patients may have persistent diarrhea.
Patients may have quality.
Patients may have symptoms.
Patients may have trouble.
Patients meet all three practitioners monthly to review progress.
Patients meet conditions.
Patients meet during the week for exercise therapy and to discuss wellness issues.
Patients meet with a case manager and psychiatrist as a component of their care.
Patients merely have to place drops of the solution under their tongue daily.
Patients miss consecutive clinic visits, as determined by the investigator.
Patients mistake the recurrence of symptoms for the recurrence of the disease itself.
Patients mistakenly feel that pain is inevitable and untreatable.
Patients mistakenly interpret the pain as originating from the innervated somatic tissue.
Patients mostly complain of a burning sensation.
Patients move to relieve limb discomfort.
Patients mst obtain post-treatment instructions from their physician or nurse before leaving.
Patients must have symptoms.
Patients naturally assume that their abortion providers are trained ob-gyns or surgeons.
Patients need assist reproductive technology.
Patients need assistance.
Patients need attention.
Patients need calories.
Patients need care.
Patients need conditions.
Patients need dense diets.
Patients need dental care.
Patients need diets.
Patients need food.
Patients need further tests.
Patients need inhalation.
Patients need instruction.
Patients need more calories.
Patients need organs.
Patients need regenerate organs.
Patients need reproductive technology.
Patients need special attention.
Patients need supervision.
Patients need technology.
Patients need term treatments.
Patients need tests.
Patients need therapy.
Patients need time.
Patients need to liver function tests.
Patients need to regular liver function tests.
Patients need to tests.
Patients need treatments.
Patients need tubes.
Patients need ventilation.
Patients needing hip revision often have bone loss around the artificial joint.
Patients needing immediate dialysis are less likely to recover.
Patients needing such care fall into two categories.
Patients needing surgery have poorer result.
Patients needs a lot of rest and time to hope it gets better.
Patients needs to be monitored regarding any liver toxicity as well.
Patients needs to wear loose-fitting clothing, no dresses.
Patients never complain of being unhappy, only of having depression.
Patients never get a bill.
Patients never pay for the blood that volunteers donate.
Patients never see many of the most basic hospital services that depend on computers.
Patients never see the laboratory.
Patients never turn students away due to the 'student-fatigue' so common in the big city hospitals.
Patients next receive a routine examination to check for vision and glaucoma.
Patients normally have pain accompanied by significant diffuse swelling.
Patients normally have tearing and photophobia.
Patients normally have to wear the pump one to two weeks, until there is minimal drainage.
Patients normally recover in about a week even without medicine.
Patients normally require four to six treatments for complete recovery.
Patients note decreased urine output and abdominal pain.
Patients note unilateral or bilateral lower extremity pain related to activity.
Patients note when the pain is most intense and what they are doing.
Patients notice a difference in pain levels immediately.
Patients notice an improvement in vision within just a few minutes.
Patients notice that their chiropractic care is delivered with confidence and precision.
Patients notice the atmosphere of wellbeing as well.
Patients now can e-mail doctors with questions or to make an appointment.
Patients now get better care and there are greatly improved medications available.
Patients now get chemotherapy for more hours each week.
Patients now get the results in one week versus two or three.
Patients now have a much lower risk of long-term side effects than has traditionally been the case.
Patients now have a new option to treat that pain.
Patients now have a number of options to maintain muscle tone and overall fitness.
Patients now have access, in one location, to the most precise therapy tools available.
Patients now have hundreds of psychotherapies and psychopharmacologic agents from which to choose.
Patients now have more responsibility.
Patients now have the ability to maintain an active life with freedom from an unnatural appearance.
Patients now have the opportunity to form a long-term relationship with their providers.
Patients now insert their smart cards into a card reader to alert the staff that they have arrived.
Patients now leave the hospital within hours after surgery and are immediately ambulatory.
Patients now praise the ride of the new squad.
Patients now respond sooner with decreased pain and improved function.
Patients nowadays are very intelligent.
Patients obtain accurate information.
Patients obtain information.
Patients obtain results.
Patients occasionally experience redness, swelling, and itching at the site of injection of insulin.
Patients occasionally report paresthesia in the leg and dorsum of the foot during exercise.
Patients only require local anesthesia and there are no stitches.
Patients order their meals from menu which provides daily options for three well-balanced meals.
Patients ordinarily remain in the hospital overnight for observation.
Patients ought to comply with the recommended regime, following prescribed dosage and duration.
Patients ought to have a least a good review of systems to direct appropriate additional studies.
Patients ought to make sure that's happening.
Patients overcome feelings of worthlessness.
Patients overwhelm hospitals, emergency rooms, and clinics.
Patients own cellular physiology changed.
Patients parole or probation officer.
Patients participate based on doctor referral.
Patients participate better in physical therapy if done to a rhythmic or favorite tune.
Patients participate in a daily therapy schedule and activities.
Patients participate in a full day's program of individual and group therapy.
Patients participate in a pre-operative education class prior to their surgery.
Patients participate in at least three hours a day of therapy.
Patients participate in clinical trials only if they choose to and are free to withdraw at any time.
Patients participate in creative therapy seven days a week.
Patients participate in daily water therapy, exercise and disease management.
Patients participate in group therapy sessions.
Patients participate in their healing in many different ways.
Patients participating in clinical trials receive highly specialized and carefully monitored care.
Patients pass the test if they have ankle sway without fall reactions on all conditions.
Patients pay a modest fee, and delayed-payment plans are offered.
Patients pay a portion of specialist and laboratory charges, depending on income.
Patients pay about half of the customary fees for private orthodontic treatment.
Patients pay according to a sliding fee scale.
Patients pay at the time of service without exception.
Patients pay attention.
Patients pay based on their insurance and income on a sliding scale.
Patients pay doctors, hospitals and other health care providers for each service provided.
Patients pay five-dollars a visit.
Patients pay for diabetic care instruction.
Patients pay for each consultation.
Patients pay for services based on a sliding fee scale.
Patients pay income tax because they are well enough to work.
Patients pay no fees for health services.
Patients pay on a sliding scale based on their income.
Patients pay on a sliding scale.
Patients pay one hour's wage for a clinic visit.
Patients pay only a small fee for consultations and for medications.
Patients pay part of costs through deductibles for hospital and other costs.
Patients pay significantly less for drugs in all tiers compared with the full retail cost.
Patients pay the difference for higher priced items.
Patients pay the difference for higher-priced brands, on top of their usual patient contribution.
Patients pay the full amount for services.
Patients pay the interview co-pay.
Patients pay the price so America can be tough on drugs.
Patients pay the provider directly.
Patients pay the total cost of all diagnostic tests and prescriptions.
Patients perceive a physician who appears in the news as an expert.
Patients perceive themselves to be a burden to themselves and to their families.
Patients perform activities.
Patients perform exercises to maintain their leg strength and mobility during the recovery period.
Patients perform normal activities.
Patients perform poorly on standard cognitive function tests used to diagnose dementia.
Patients perform some activity such as walking on a treadmill or riding a stationary bike.
Patients perpetuate their own illness.
Patients peruse their charts and share common concerns.
Patients place all weight on the ipsilateral knee.
Patients place their hands in a bath through which an electrical current is passed.
Patients play cards and board games.
Patients possess the knowledge, motivation, skills and resources to follow the recommendations.
Patients post stem cell transplant are excluded.
Patients practice sensory skills while socializing with fellow patients.
Patients practice skills in treatment, social, and work settings.
Patients prefer relatively smart dress with name badges, but are against the wearing of white coats.
Patients prefer that.
Patients prefer the idea of allowing their hearts to beat naturally.
Patients prefer to be at home, and home care is a far less costly alternative to hospital care.
Patients prefer to remain still.
Patients preferences in randomised clinical trials.
Patients preferring privacy can pull the blinds closed.
Patients prepare for surgery and recover in the same room.
Patients preparing to take the chemotherapy take a trace dose of the common antibiotic erythromycin.
Patients present a great degree of uncertainty.
Patients present in a variety of ways.
Patients present initially with symptoms similar to the common cold.
Patients present one or more skin lesions of variable appearance.
Patients present severe symptoms.
Patients present symptoms.
Patients present with abnormalities.
Patients present with evidence.
Patients present with laboratory evidence.
Patients present with pulmonary symptoms.
Patients present with symptoms.
Patients present with thyroid function abnormalities.
Patients presenting for rhinoplasty have both gender and cultural differences.
Patients presenting for surgery and anesthesia often have major system failure.
Patients previously using nasal spray can begin tablet therapy the next night.
Patients principally suffer extreme fatigue and joint and muscle pains.
Patients probably do feel better, since the placebo effect is potent medicine.
Patients produce enough insulin.
Patients produce insulin.
Patients produce salty sweat, which is one of the ways of diagnosing the disease.
Patients profit most from the Internet's medical revolution.
Patients progress to coma.
Patients progress to the partial hospitalization program as soon as they are able.
Patients purchase anti-TB drugs over the counter, often without a current prescription.
Patients pursue treatments.
Patients push a second button when they ve taken the medicine.
Patients push a second button when they've taken the medicine.
Patients qualifying for laser vision correction undergo the laser surgery on an outpatient basis.
Patients question whether they're getting good quality care.
Patients range from adolescents through geriatrics.
Patients range from healthy to critically ill, some with rare medical conditions.
Patients range from infant to geriatric.
Patients range from infants to adults.
Patients range from newborn infants to the elderly.
Patients range from newborn to adolescent.
Patients range from newborns to the elderly.
Patients range from professionals to the poor.
Patients range from sixteen to over ninety years of age.
Patients range from the infant through the geriatric age group.
Patients range from the non-acute to the severely injured or critically ill.
Patients range in age from adolescent to geriatric.
Patients range in age from children aged four and up to senior citizens.
Patients range in age from infancy to geriatrics.
Patients range in age from infants to teens and are treated for a wide range of afflictions.
Patients range in age from neo-natal to geriatric.
Patients range in age from neonate to older adult.
Patients range in age from newborn through teens.
Patients range in age from newborn to geriatrics and present with a wide variety of diagnoses.
Patients range in age from newborn to the elderly.
Patients range in age from teenage to geriatric patients.
Patients range in age from teenagers to seniors.
Patients range in age from young adult to geriatric.
Patients range in ages.
Patients rapidly progress to require dialysis or transplantation.
Patients rapidly return to their daily routine.
Patients rate their medicine's effectiveness and comment on drug side effects.
Patients rave about the comfort of the chair.
Patients reach adolescence.
Patients react in different and unexpected ways to anesthetics.
Patients readily understand words spelled aloud or words written on the palm.
Patients really enjoy the treatment and are pleased with the results.
Patients really have two choices.
Patients really seem to respond.
Patients reap benefits from consistent health care and improved overall health.
Patients receive a cancer dictionary that has words like 'metastases' spelled out and defined.
Patients receive a complete physical examination and a psychological evaluation upon admission.
Patients receive a complete program of care in an attractive, homelike environment.
Patients receive a comprehensive exam designed for people with low vision.
Patients receive a copy of the laboratory and physician visits schedule.
Patients receive a customized gift bag following surgery.
Patients receive a detailed assessment by a clinician specializing in balance-related disorders.
Patients receive a free and private image consultatation in a friendly, comfortable setting.
Patients receive a free and private image consultation in a friendly, comfortable setting.
Patients receive a large bore central venous catheter.
Patients receive a low intensity preparative regimen consisting of cyclophosphamide and fludarabine.
Patients receive a nominal hourly wage for their time.
Patients receive a simple injection in the arm of radiolabeled sugar.
Patients receive a thorough evaluation, including medical history, blood tests and imaging tests.
Patients receive a total occupational, physical and speech therapy program.
Patients receive advice.
Patients receive all the necessary information to make educated decisions about surgery.
Patients receive an explanation of benefits on the spot.
Patients receive an individualized, detailed medical history and physical examination.
Patients receive an itemized bill and insurance receipt at the time of their appointment.
Patients receive an MRI immediately after the lesion is made to ensure no hemorrhage has occured.
Patients receive antibiotic therapy.
Patients receive appropriate treatments.
Patients receive assistance.
Patients receive beauty aides and assistance with wig selection.
Patients receive best possible care.
Patients receive both the results and basic information on monitoring cholesterol levels.
Patients receive breathe treatments.
Patients receive breaths.
Patients receive care from faculty and post-doctoral students.
Patients receive care in a setting that best suits their needs.
Patients receive care.
Patients receive carefully regimented post-procedure treatment.
Patients receive caring and compassionate attention from our team of cancer specialists.
Patients receive chemotherapy and other blood products or medications for their treatment here.
Patients receive chemotherapy in an emotionally and physically supportive environment.
Patients receive chemotherapy in cycles of treatment and recovery periods.
Patients receive colony stimulate factors.
Patients receive combination therapy.
Patients receive combine therapy.
Patients receive comprehensive care and treatment.
Patients receive comprehensive care.
Patients receive conscious sedation before and during the procedure.
Patients receive continuous care, as well.
Patients receive continuous renal replacement therapy.
Patients receive convenient, accurate information quickly and automatically.
Patients receive conventional treatments.
Patients receive correct diagnoses more often and billing errors less often.
Patients receive corticosteroid therapy.
Patients receive customized reports of their health status and risk levels.
Patients receive diagnoses.
Patients receive diagnostic testing and medical evaluation at no charge.
Patients receive dietary advice and counselling to stop smoking.
Patients receive direct, continuous, specialized nursing care.
Patients receive discounted on-site parking just a few steps away from the main entrance.
Patients receive education and counseling about their voice disorder.
Patients receive education both in the hospital and through outpatient services.
Patients receive educational brochures, which are explained by the nursing staff upon admission.
Patients receive endocrine therapy.
Patients receive expert advice anytime requested regardless of their geographic location.
Patients receive expert medical care at leading health care facilities.
Patients receive factors.
Patients receive fluconazole three times each week.
Patients receive fluid.
Patients receive follow-up treatment on an outpatient basis, whenever possible.
Patients receive free investigational medication and medical care related to the study.
Patients receive free medication and medical care related to the study.
Patients receive free of any charge all medicines necessary for the treatment.
Patients receive gentle, personal care in a relaxed environment.
Patients receive gift items including literature and a temporary breast form.
Patients receive group supported counseling.
Patients receive heat and intersegmental massage prior to their adjustment.
Patients receive identification cards from the sheriff's department.
Patients receive inappropriate treatments.
Patients receive increasing doses of the allergens several times a day for three or four days.
Patients receive individual counseling and group counseling.
Patients receive individual counseling and participate in group sessions.
Patients receive individual education and home diet plans from a registered dietitian.
Patients receive individual nutrition counseling along with all necessary medical care.
Patients receive individualized as well as group treatment based on their specific needs.
Patients receive individualized care and access to innovative clinical protocols.
Patients receive individualized nursing care to ensure that patients' needs are met.
Patients receive information sheets and, before donating tissue, sign informed consent forms.
Patients receive information.
Patients receive insulin therapy.
Patients receive intravenous antibiotics as the surgery begins and at the end of the operation.
Patients receive intravenous fluid.
Patients receive intravenous therapy.
Patients receive it on an outpatient basis and are admitted as inpatients for photopheresis.
Patients receive iv fluid.
Patients receive juice.
Patients receive leading-edge care during the studies.
Patients receive light sedation and are usually examined in the hospital as daypatients.
Patients receive local anesthesia and a mild sedative and are awake during the operation.
Patients receive maintenance.
Patients receive maximum relief within twenty-one days of starting the program.
Patients receive mechanical ventilation.
Patients receive medical care.
Patients receive medical, psychological, and nutritional assessments and monitoring.
Patients receive medicine.
Patients receive methadone daily as a substitute for heroin.
Patients receive minimal or no benefits if they seek care from nonparticipating dentists.
Patients receive monetary compensation for participation.
Patients receive monetary compensation.
Patients receive multidisciplinary evaluations for peripheral nerve injuries.
Patients receive no benefits if they seek treatment from a dentist outside the network.
Patients receive nursing care based on a documented assessment of their needs.
Patients receive one of three atypical antipsychotic drugs.
Patients receive on-site exams, labs, medications, and referrals.
Patients receive pain and symptom management, as well as emotional support.
Patients receive palliative rather than curative care.
Patients receive personal, confidential medical care and counseling in a supportive environment.
Patients receive physician consultation, necessary lab tests, and all medications free of charge.
Patients receive preoperative consultations and postoperative management as needed.
Patients receive preparation.
Patients receive prescriptions.
Patients receive primary care and access to specialists is managed.
Patients receive professional service, delivered in a friendly, caring environment.
Patients receive prolong therapy.
Patients receive radiation therapy after surgery.
Patients receive radiation therapy treatments daily over a period of two to eight weeks.
Patients receive radiation therapy.
Patients receive regular evaluations from our nephrologist, nursing care and nutrition counseling.
Patients receive regular in-home visits by hospice team members.
Patients receive relatively low doses of chemotherapy, followed by the transplant of donor cells.
Patients receive renal therapy.
Patients receive replacement therapy.
Patients receive safe, efficient and cost-effective care.
Patients receive several near-term clinical benefits from CPRs.
Patients receive significant, often immediate, acute pain relief.
Patients receive specialized care for disabilities related to stroke.
Patients receive standard therapy.
Patients receive standard treatments.
Patients receive standardized measurements and are followed to see how well the drug is tolerated.
Patients receive statements on a monthly basis.
Patients receive such combine therapy.
Patients receive systemic treatments.
Patients receive term treatments.
Patients receive the appropriate medicine via the correct route at the right time.
Patients receive the benefit of private and semi-private rooms, providing comfort and privacy.
Patients receive the best of modern medical care, delivered with compassion and sensitivity.
Patients receive the drug once each day for five days, every three weeks on an outpatient basis.
Patients receive the drug through a central catheter by continuous infusion for one week.
Patients receive the full spectrum of needed services in the same location, at the same time.
Patients receive the healing benefits of touch.
Patients receive the highest quality care.
Patients receive the latest care - delivered with comfort.
Patients receive the modified enzyme by intravenous infusion.
Patients receive the most comprehensive medical care available.
Patients receive the most sophisticated care available.
Patients receive their game packet and instructions on their breakfast tray.
Patients receive their medications from the clinic pharmacy free of charge if they are available.
Patients receive therapy.
Patients receive training in physiotherapy exercises for neuritis.
Patients receive treatment based upon their oral health needs.
Patients receive treatment three times per week, for about three to four weeks.
Patients receive treatment with warmth, compassion and efficiency with an emphasis on spirituality.
Patients receive treatments.
Patients receive two interchangeable drivers.
Patients receive vaccines.
Patients receive Valium and numbing eye drops, and are fully awake during the operation.
Patients receive valium prior to their procedure.
Patients receive ventilation.
Patients receiving assisted ventilation often require intensive care.
Patients receiving blood transfusions or chronic hemodialysis are at a lower risk for both viruses.
Patients receiving cancer medication exhibit similar complaints.
Patients receiving chemotherapy and radiotherapy alone have a poorer prognosis.
Patients receiving chemotherapy are on a regular schedule and visits are planned ahead of time.
Patients receiving daunorubicin have their heart tested prior to treatment.
Patients receiving drugs are collected and followed up to determine the outcomes.
Patients receiving either drug can develop hyperkalemia and hyperuricemia.
Patients receiving epirubicin have their heart tested prior to treatment.
Patients receiving heparin treatment for at least a week often develop thrombocytopenia.
Patients receiving immunosuppressive therapy and pregnant women are at a higher risk.
Patients receiving insulin are particularly at risk.
Patients receiving lithium and methyldopa concomitantly can develop lithium toxicity.
Patients receiving organ donations suffer from failure of their kidneys, liver, heart or lungs.
Patients receiving psychiatric or psychological care are even more vulnerable.
Patients receiving regional or local anesthesia have a clearly reduced risk of thrombosis.
Patients receiving the placebo control show no significant changes following treatment.
Patients receiving t-PA have a significantly better chance of neurologic and functional recovery.
Patients recognize certain factors as aggravators of myofascial pain.
Patients recognize early symptoms.
Patients recognize it instantly.
Patients recognize symptoms.
Patients record a worrisome thought.
Patients record observations to inform the process of therapy and to evaluate progress.
Patients record their daily symptoms on a chart to aid in diagnosis.
Patients record their thoughts and experiences.
Patients recover faster with less edema and bruising.
Patients recover from dehydration.
Patients recover from gastroenteritis.
Patients recover from injuries.
Patients recover from their illnesses while maintaining their routine dialysis schedules.
Patients recover fully.
Patients recover more quickly in hospital rooms with a view of trees and bushes.
Patients recover more quickly.
Patients recover quickly and are home in a few days.
Patients recover rapidly from the procedure.
Patients recover spontaneously within several months from an active significant neurologic deficit.
Patients recover swallowing and speech functions more rapidly and predictably.
Patients recovering from an illness or operation often can recuperate successfully at home.
Patients recovering from cardiac catheterization are also part of the patient population.
Patients recovering from coma require close medical supervision.
Patients recovering from general anesthesia are at risk for numerous complications.
Patients recuperate more slowly in the drafty, noisy hallways, doctors report.
Patients reduce consumption.
Patients regularly get hugs.
Patients relapsing after an allogeneic marrow transplant have few treatment options.
Patients relate best to people who have had the disease.
Patients rely heavily on their physicians for medical education.
Patients rely on a hospital to meet their needs.
Patients rely on information.
Patients rely on their chiropractors to make accurate judgments about their health status and needs.
Patients rely upon doctors.
Patients remain asymptomatic for years.
Patients remain at the centre weekdays and are discharged home on weekends.
Patients remain awake during the procedure and can go home shortly afterward.
Patients remain awake during treatment.
Patients remain awake for the procedure but they often receive sedation along with the spinal.
Patients remain awake with the designated eye anaesthetized with drops.
Patients remain comfortable and are able to resume normal activities the very next day.
Patients remain conscious during the entire treatment and experience little or no discomfort.
Patients remain conscious until respiratory stoppage produces anoxia and cyanosis.
Patients remain fully clothed.
Patients remain fully conscious and allegedly experience no pain.
Patients remain fully-clothed and lie on a padded treatment table.
Patients remain hospitalized for up to two weeks.
Patients remain in the clinic for four to six hours after misoprostol.
Patients remain in their hometown while the physician supervises their care from another city.
Patients remain mobile-for much longer periods of time.
Patients remain on aspirin therapy indefinitely.
Patients remain on the medical unit.
Patients remain on their current medication and in treatment with their referrng physician.
Patients remain symptom free on a diet devoid of fructose and sucrose.
Patients remain under the care of the referring physician who assesses efficacy of treatments.
Patients remark what a pleasant experience it is.
Patients remember and describe the little things, the little acts of kindness.
Patients remember down-home stories.
Patients reorder their inhalers in advance.
Patients report a comfort level that is greater than with any other restorative technique.
Patients report a deep, dull aching of the involved eye and surrounding orbit.
Patients report a high degree of physical effort during speaking.
Patients report a mild sore throat when swallowing for a few days after the procedure.
Patients report a sensation of skipping, fluttering, pounding, or racing.
Patients report a variety of symptoms that they relate to electric equipment.
Patients report a wide variety of complications after surgery.
Patients report an almost complete elimination of malaise except during acute complications.
Patients report an escalating pattern of itching and scratching in the perianal region.
Patients report an initial evoking of strong emotion followed by a sense of relief.
Patients report anxiety, fear, or disgust in sexual situations.
Patients report being more relaxed during surgery.
Patients report bone pain.
Patients report contact.
Patients report diets.
Patients report feeling a tingling sensation when the impulses are delivered that block the pain.
Patients report feeling more relaxed, contented and self-confident.
Patients report feelings.
Patients report fewer side effects and little or no recuperation time.
Patients report free diets.
Patients report having palpitations, or a feeling that their heart is racing or skipping a beat.
Patients report here and spend the night.
Patients report illnesses.
Patients report improved ambulation and reduced fatigue.
Patients report improvement.
Patients report insidious onset or slight recent enlargement of the lesion.
Patients report intake.
Patients report less muscle weakness from tizanidine than baclofen or diazepam.
Patients report less postoperative discomfort and generally heal much more quickly.
Patients report little or no pain using local anesthetic.
Patients report minimal pain.
Patients report over and over again that they have lived out their worst nightmare.
Patients report pain over the plantar aspect of the heel and midfoot that worsens with walking.
Patients report pain.
Patients report positive nutrition counseling outcomes.
Patients report rapid, long-lasting relief, convenient b.i.d. dosing and excellent comfort.
Patients report relief.
Patients report remarkable results.
Patients report respiratory illnesses.
Patients report results.
Patients report sensation.
Patients report serious illnesses.
Patients report serious respiratory illnesses.
Patients report shoulder pain.
Patients report strong sensation.
Patients report symptoms of dysphoria, anhedonia, pessimism, inertia, irritability, and despair.
Patients report symptoms.
Patients report taste sensation.
Patients report that bleeding increases as fear increases.
Patients report that nausea is far more unpleasant than vomiting or retching.
Patients report that the pain is worse in muscles that are used repeatedly.
Patients report that their skin looks softer, smoother and younger looking.
Patients report that they feel less anxious in stressful situations.
Patients report that they liked the clinic's symptom-controlling treatments.
Patients report that treatment of low blood sugar alleviates anxiety.
Patients report that written information carries more credibility.
Patients report the cigarettes seem to control vomiting.
Patients report the procedure is painless and no big inconvenience.
Patients report their extremities to be softer and improvement of limb contours.
Patients report to the desk upon arrival.
Patients report to the outpatient clinic and are triaged as they wait to be cared for.
Patients report variable degrees of comfort with coining.
Patients represent a wide range of occupations.
Patients represent diverse cultural and socioeconomic backgrounds.
Patients represent the full range of family practice with obstetrical patients the exception.
Patients represent the full range of family practice with the exception of obstetrical care.
Patients represent the full range of family practice with the exception of obstetrical patients.
Patients represent the full range of family practice.
Patients represent the full range of socioeconomic conditions.
Patients represent wide range of socio-economic backgrounds.
Patients requesting prosthodontic treatment are able to choose from different options.
Patients require a physician referral for all home care and hospice services.
Patients require and deserve objective advice from their physicians.
Patients require assessments.
Patients require assistanse regardless of where they are located.
Patients require between three and five sessions to complete their treatment.
Patients require care services.
Patients require care.
Patients require careful monitoring by their physicians.
Patients require critical care services.
Patients require daily injections of insulin to regulate blood sugar levels.
Patients require daily insulin injections, and a carefully controlled diet, for life.
Patients require different types of education at different stages of their therapy.
Patients require dose reductions.
Patients require emergency specialty consultation and placement in a halo.
Patients require examinations.
Patients require fewer hospitalizations and medications and have fewer complications.
Patients require hospital care.
Patients require injections of the drug twice weekly.
Patients require intensive inpatient physical and occupational therapy to improve.
Patients require large volumes of fluid to maintain perfusion and usually require intensive care.
Patients require less sedatives who, before, during and after surgery, listened to soothing music.
Patients require management.
Patients require multispecialty care.
Patients require options.
Patients require preparation for the procedures.
Patients require prolong therapy.
Patients require proteins.
Patients require protocols.
Patients require reductions.
Patients require services.
Patients require specialized diets.
Patients require therapy.
Patients require treatment for shock, blood loss, renal failure, seizures, and coma.
Patients require treatment options.
Patients require treatment protocols.
Patients require treatments.
Patients require urgent treatments.
Patients requiring a third operation are often very ill, but are usually turned away by surgeons.
Patients requiring chronic use of corticosteroids are ineligible.
Patients requiring continued, at home treatment, can obtain a device with a doctors prescription.
Patients requiring insulin often show signs of diabetes at a young age.
Patients requiring surgery have almost every type of neurosurgical procedure available.
Patients requiring the least amount of physical care are in rooms farthest from the nurses' station.
Patients reside at the treatment center.
Patients respect doctors who try to learn about their cultural beliefs and practices.
Patients respect nurses who can be open and expressive with their feelings.
Patients respond as to whether they feel the puff of air.
Patients respond differently to different treatment procedures.
Patients respond differently to different types of therapy.
Patients respond differently to treatment and require diverse styles of healing.
Patients respond in highly individual ways to various treatments.
Patients respond promptly to corticosteroids.
Patients respond to antibiotic treatments.
Patients respond to combine therapy.
Patients respond to economic incentives in choosing health care providers.
Patients respond to multiple choice questions that branch based on their responses.
Patients respond to practical advice and demonstrations.
Patients respond to surgery.
Patients respond to that better.
Patients respond to the medication less consistently and for shorter periods of time.
Patients respond to therapy.
Patients respond to treatments.
Patients respond variably to the range of possible treatments.
Patients respond well to most antibiotics, although many cross the blood-prostate barrier poorly.
Patients respond with progress to interpretations that are compatible with their unconscious plans.
Patients rest on dirty woollen blankets, wearing whatever tattered clothes they came in with.
Patients resume their normal full activity immediately upon each discharge.
Patients resume their normal lifestyle within days after cataract surgery.
Patients retain functions.
Patients retain the right to choose where they receive specialty services.
Patients retain thyroid functions.
Patients return for checkups at one month and three months.
Patients return home for comfortable recovery in their own environment with family members.
Patients return home the same day and can quickly resume normal activities.
Patients return home the same day.
Patients return home with a light dressing and are unrestricted in activities.
Patients return monthly for follow-up visits.
Patients return to close to their pre-injury strength and movement.
Patients return to normal function soft diet chewing shortly after surgery.
Patients return to the clinic about every two or three months for a color touch up.
Patients return to work sooner, have lower outpatient medical costs and fewer emergency room visits.
Patients return to work within a few weeks compared to several weeks following the open bypass.
Patients return to work within several days.
Patients rightly wish to know that surgical intervention is indicated.
Patients risk health by limiting dairy food.
Patients risk hemorrhage, infection, and worse.
Patients risk infection and can require hospitalization.
Patients routinely describe acute, distressing withdrawal symptoms.
Patients routinely request antidepressant agents.
Patients routinely sign the form without discussion.
Patients rub the gel into their skin on the lower abdomen, upper arm or shoulder.
Patients run a significant risk of dying shortly after suffering a stroke.
Patients run the gamut from minimally affected to seriously disabled.
Patients say a wide range of products trigger symptoms.
Patients say it is very close to their own experiences.
Patients say it is very comfortable and it loosens secreations.
Patients say it restores youth to the body in an almost miraculous way.
Patients say that despite the expense, it's worth it.
Patients say the sound of the water is soothing and watching the fish is relaxing.
Patients say the surgery itself is painless.
Patients say they experience less pain, more energy and greater appetite.
Patients say they feel as if they're moving through molasses.
Patients say they feel less frustrated as a consequence.
Patients say they feel only a very sight pressure and the warmth of the hand on their neck.
Patients scratch the eruption even while sleeping.
Patients searching for evidence are ahead of doctors in Internet use.
Patients see a dramatic improvement in their vision within the first day.
Patients see a physician within ten minutes of arrival in appropriate care center.
Patients see benefits.
Patients see clearly almost immediately after the operation.
Patients see clinicians as health experts, and they regard what the clinician says as important.
Patients see doctors.
Patients see improvement.
Patients see life.
Patients see that joints above and below the fixated area have to work harder to compensate.
Patients see the physicians of their choice.
Patients see their doctors and receive treatment, and doctors are paid by the central agency.
Patients see their own cardiologist and necessary tests are generally booked for the same day.
Patients see themselves either in their contemporary aspect or sometimes older or younger.
Patients see two or three people instead of just one.
Patients seek assistance.
Patients seek attention.
Patients seek care from physicians of their own race because of personal preference and language.
Patients seek care.
Patients seek complementary and alternative health services.
Patients seek differ opinion.
Patients seek immediate assistance.
Patients seek immediate medical assistance.
Patients seek medical assistance.
Patients seek medical attention.
Patients seek medical care through their own physicians.
Patients seek medical care.
Patients seek nose work for both cosmetic and medical reasons.
Patients seek opinion.
Patients seeking donations can request a preliminary search of the foundation's registry.
Patients seeking emergency services do so for various reasons.
Patients seeking health care have unique characteristics, needs, and abilities.
Patients seem resistant to sample their own stool.
Patients seem satisfied with the service.
Patients seem similar at baseline.
Patients seem to agree.
Patients seem to be clustering on the ends of the continuum.
Patients seem to care more about the art than the science.
Patients seem to have better compliance with patches than with nicotine gums.
Patients seem to like it.
Patients seem to love it even more.
Patients seem to think it can work, too.
Patients seen by the service are from the local areas as well as from surrounding states.
Patients select a physician and then choose an appointment from the available times.
Patients select meals from a choice menu, and special dietary needs are catered for.
Patients select meals from a choice menu.
Patients send documents.
Patients send original documents.
Patients sense it, referral sources value it and the result is a far more satisfying practice .
Patients share a portion of their genetic information with family members.
Patients share a specific diagnosis.
Patients share their experiences with misdiagnosis.
Patients share their response to chemotherapy during and after treatment.
Patients share their success in overcoming their disorder.
Patients share with physicians the responsibility for their own health care.
Patients share with physicians the responsibility for their own healthcare.
Patients shop for groceries and prepare meals together.
Patients should have problems.
Patients should have specimens.
Patients should have tests.
Patients shouldconsult their physician in matters concerning their health.
Patients show accelerated mental and physical fatigue .
Patients show anxiety.
Patients show appetite.
Patients show effects.
Patients show evidence of focal or diffuse lymphocytic infiltration of the glands.
Patients show evidence.
Patients show features.
Patients show improvement.
Patients show increased satisfaction, improved mobility and generally better quality of life.
Patients show lack of coordination and difficulty walking.
Patients show levels.
Patients show motility.
Patients show partial responses.
Patients show production.
Patients show reaction.
Patients show responses.
Patients show side effects.
Patients show significant improvement.
Patients show startle reaction.
Patients show strong reaction.
Patients show symptoms of difficulty while passing the urine.
Patients show symptoms.
Patients show their ID to the burly guard.
Patients show weight appetite.
Patients sign a consent form after they have shown they understand how tapes are being used.
Patients sign consent forms for the procurement of their tissue and blood.
Patients simply eat one serving per day .
Patients simply lean against the instrument's forehead rest and view a fixation target.
Patients simply log-on and talk to an anonymous doctor.
Patients simply prefer carpet.
Patients sit in positions.
Patients sit in the chamber and pressure levels are increased by up to five times normal.
Patients sit in various stages of boredom.
Patients sit inside and breathe into an air piece.
Patients sit on beds.
Patients sit on the chair, fully clothed, and read or listen to music.
Patients sit or lie down during the short procedure and require no anesthesia nor sedation.
Patients sit or recline in an air pressurized chamber along with several other patients.
Patients sit upright and fully awake in a comfortable chair - much like a visit to the dentist.
Patients skip the radiation and drugs, giving their immune systems a huge break.
Patients sleep on thin mats laid on the concrete floor.
Patients slide a thin plastic sensor onto the watch's back each time they strap it on.
Patients slosh down a urea solution, fortified with heavy carbon isotopes.
Patients soak each day in hot spring water.
Patients soon develop fever and muscle aches.
Patients soon return to community activities.
Patients speak in implied exclamation points.
Patients speak of wishing to be in control of their lives.
Patients speak Portuguese and rounds are conducted in Portuguese.
Patients speak Spanish and rounds are conducted in Spanish.
Patients specifically lack the ability to name visually presented objects.
Patients spend a comparatively long time in the ward and it is rare to find it empty for a move.
Patients spend incredibly more time with nurses than with physicians.
Patients spend most of their active time in the mall area.
Patients spend nights and weekends at home.
Patients spend relatively little time in their beds.
Patients spend weekdays in the program and return home each evening.
Patients start diets.
Patients start dying with lungs choked with fluid and the doctors alert the government.
Patients start feeling better two to three weeks after beginning treatment.
Patients start out with tremors and can become paralyzed and die.
Patients start to 'chicken out' when they get nervous or a slight increase in symptoms.
Patients start with a very small amount of the drug.
Patients start with limited exercises of the lower arm, such as squeezing a rubber ball.
Patients start with sips of soda, then work up to a cup of coffee.
Patients stay an average of six days.
Patients stay in hospital for about three days and then recover at home for several weeks.
Patients stay in private rooms where they are provided treatment and rehabilitation assistance.
Patients stay in recovery room for a short while and are then returned to their room.
Patients stay in the hospital for a period of time, usually a few weeks.
Patients stay in the hospital for a short time for implant radiation.
Patients stay in the hospital overnight.
Patients stay in the hospital three or four days and then go home.
Patients stay in the partial hospitalization program anywhere from a couple weeks to months.
Patients stay in the study for four years.
Patients stay on age appropriate units.
Patients stick their hands through a plastic port assembly on one end.
Patients still have access to medical research, but can get it in layman's terms.
Patients still have gallbladder attacks.
Patients still have to pay attention to foreplay and getting turned on again.
Patients still love the house call.
Patients still require multiple interventions.
Patients stockpile unused antibiotics, or fail to observe full course of treatment.
Patients stop using without discomfort and experience an essentially painless process.
Patients struggle to accept what has happened and make decisions to move on with their lives.
Patients struggle with their pain, loneliness, helplessness, humiliation, and anger each day.
Patients studied by our group have phagocyte immunodeficiencies.
Patients style their hair and women apply cosmetics to enhance their video appearance.
Patients subjectively benefit from resection.
Patients submit periodic progress reports.
Patients submit samples.
Patients subsequently wean to short-acting analgesics.
Patients suffer because diagnostic test services are less readily and affordably accessible.
Patients suffer from abdominal pain.
Patients suffer from allergic reaction.
Patients suffer from an overall failure to thrive and an increased risk of lymphoma.
Patients suffer from artery diseases.
Patients suffer from ataxia , dementia and usually die after one year .
Patients suffer from ataxia, dementia and usually die after one year.
Patients suffer from bone deformities and other complications that can lead to death.
Patients suffer from bone disorder.
Patients suffer from chronic diarrhea or constipation, or alternating bouts of the two.
Patients suffer from conditions.
Patients suffer from coronary artery diseases.
Patients suffer from coronary diseases.
Patients suffer from diabetes.
Patients suffer from diffuse inflammation of the body's muscles and, often, major arteries.
Patients suffer from diseases.
Patients suffer from disorder.
Patients suffer from fevers.
Patients suffer from health conditions.
Patients suffer from heart diseases.
Patients suffer from heartburn.
Patients suffer from hereditary disorder.
Patients suffer from high blood pressure.
Patients suffer from immediate allergic reaction.
Patients suffer from immediate reaction.
Patients suffer from infections, anemia, hemorrhaging and other complications, leading to death.
Patients suffer from injuries.
Patients suffer from issues.
Patients suffer from kidney diseases.
Patients suffer from neurological disorder.
Patients suffer from nocturnal aspiration.
Patients suffer from pain.
Patients suffer from problems in concentrating, visual hallucinations and Parkinson's-type symptoms.
Patients suffer from reaction.
Patients suffer from skin diseases.
Patients suffer from such conditions.
Patients suffer from symptoms.
Patients suffer from syndromes.
Patients suffer from types.
Patients suffer functional impairment.
Patients suffer impairment.
Patients suffer long-term damage from the infection.
Patients suffer major functional impairment.
Patients suffer numerous fractures, restricted physical activity and short stature.
Patients suffer shortness of breath and debilitating fatigue.
Patients suffer shortness of breath, fatigue and an accumulation of fluids in the body.
Patients suffer symmetric ascending motor paresis.
Patients suffer symptoms.
Patients suffer the consequences.
Patients suffer thickening and tightening of the skin that is disfiguring and restricts movement.
Patients suffering from depression and anxiety have a higher incidence of impotence.
Patients suffering from serious burns receive large quantities of plasma .
Patients suffering from severe ARDS appear to demonstrate renal vasoconstriction due to hypoxia.
Patients suffering from the disease generally have a poor prognosis.
Patients survive by receiving blood transfusions every few weeks.
Patients survive crush injuries.
Patients survive for years.
Patients survive infancies.
Patients survive injuries.
Patients survive situations.
Patients survive to adulthood.
Patients surviving longer remain clinically stable.
Patients swallow a chalky liquid, which outlines the anatomy of the intestinal tract.
Patients swallow a small catheter that measures pressure inside the chest cage.
Patients sweat easily, feel nervous, sleep poorly.
Patients take a risk every time they see the doctor or enter the hospital.
Patients take about half of all drugs incorrectly.
Patients take an active role in the rehabilitation process.
Patients take approximately four to six weeks to heal from a simple hysterectomy.
Patients take blood tests.
Patients take breaths.
Patients take capsules.
Patients take coat capsules.
Patients take coat peppermint oil capsules.
Patients take deep inspiration.
Patients take hormones that work against the action of testosterone.
Patients take increasing doses according to a schedule and their signs and symptoms.
Patients take injections.
Patients take inspiration.
Patients take lamivudine twice a day.
Patients take medicine.
Patients take on average a week off work.
Patients take part in clinical trials for many reasons.
Patients take part in studies designed to answer scientific questions and to find better treatments.
Patients take peppermint oil capsules.
Patients take shallow breaths.
Patients take six to nine months to go through the program.
Patients take steroids.
Patients take study medication in varying doses along with calcium and vitamin B supplements.
Patients take tests.
Patients take the kit home following surgery.
Patients take the pills twice a day.
Patients take the single tablet twice a day.
Patients take the wheel with internet health records.
Patients take their prescriptions to their local pharmacy.
Patients take therapy.
Patients take treatments.
Patients take vitamins.
Patients taking antibiotics, or antacids, are also at greater risk of infection from some pathogens.
Patients taking dummy pills tend to reach a plateau after a few months of physical therapy.
Patients taking lithium, a mood stabilizer used in manic-depressive disorder, can develop tremor.
Patients taking nitroglycerin are susceptible to developing a tolerance of the drug.
Patients taking the anti-ulcer medication cimetidine, for example, can become confused.
Patients talk candidly about their experience and success with facial plastic surgery.
Patients talk with doctors.
Patients teach physicians to care.
Patients tend to be refractory to treatment, in part because of poor insight and cooperation.
Patients tend to be veterans of multiple courses of antibiotics.
Patients tend to be younger, with a history of unprotected sex.
Patients tend to care more about their data than anyone else.
Patients tend to delay seeking treatment when experiencing a severe exacerbation of their asthma.
Patients tend to end up there because there is no place else in the hospital to go.
Patients tend to forget recent events, but have relative preservation of older memories.
Patients tend to forgo life-saving emergency care.
Patients tend to have poor relationaships with their spouses and show poor sexual adjustment.
Patients tend to heal more quickly and feel better if they are up and about.
Patients tend to meet criteria for neurasthenia.
Patients tend to over react to the second group and under react to the first group.
Patients tend to over wear the lenses initially.
Patients tend to react to proteins on the virus' shell.
Patients tend to recuperate more quickly in their own homes.
Patients tend to relapse when therapy is discontinued.
Patients tend to remain well with minimal peritonitis if the urine remains uninfected.
Patients tend to remember no more than half of what's said in the office.
Patients tend to respond relatively quickly, with improvement within several weeks.
Patients tend to stay involved in their care and to feel more independent at home.
Patients tend to use curanderos, herbal medications and home remedies.
Patients tend to use the middle words and thus distort the assessment.
Patients tend to wander at night, and they frequently run into things.
Patients tend to want to be treated locally.
Patients then become disoriented and hyperactive.
Patients then can learn about their defenses and their symptoms.
Patients then can let go of the past and concentrate on the resent.
Patients then can report back to their physician via WebEBM with updates on their status.
Patients then come in for individualized therapy two to five days a week.
Patients then complete follow-up assessments every month or so to track their treatment progress.
Patients then continue their exercise program at home.
Patients then continue to be cared for by their hometown physician.
Patients then do exercises at home, some for the rest of their lives.
Patients then go to the recovery room for about one hour.
Patients then have seven days to schedule a free consultation with the surgeon of their choice.
Patients then learn to repeat the desired process to begin movement.
Patients then lose cognitive abilities, with characteristic hand movements and other features.
Patients then practice utilizing proper techniques for lifting and other daily activities.
Patients then receive radiation therapy.
Patients then receive the same dose of rhTPO after chemotherapy in subsequent cycles.
Patients then return home on the same day of surgery.
Patients then revert to severe dieting, excessive exercise, or both.
Patients then take antineoplastons in capsule form.
Patients then try to modify their anxiety or pain by imagining a pleasurable scene or situation.
Patients then undergo a follow-up regimen for an indefinite period.
Patients then undergo conventional surgery to remove the entire cancer area in the breast.
Patients then undergo exercises to regain the motion in their shoulder.
Patients then undergo treatment stratified according to the viral load response.
Patients then void through the normal urethral channel without the necessity of a catheter or bag.
Patients then wear a bag to collect wastes that leave the body through the ileostomy.
Patients therefore have to review regularly for the rest of their lives.
Patients therefore stand to benefit considerably if their treatment can be individualised.
Patients think and talk about their bodies differently.
Patients think the level of service and competence is the same everywhere.
Patients thus become associate physicians, sort of sous chefs in the kitchen of remedies.
Patients thus can recover the cost of a light box within six months, and with fewer side effects.
Patients thus know what was covered and what they owe, before they leave the provider's office.
Patients thus treated can become pregnant.
Patients to avoid infection.
Patients to consume food.
Patients to discuss drink habits.
Patients to discuss habits.
Patients to enjoy life.
Patients to live life.
Patients to participate in successful treatments.
Patients to participate in treatments.
Patients to receive inadequate pain treatments.
Patients to receive inadequate treatments.
Patients to receive pain treatments.
Patients to receive treatments.
Patients to report symptoms.
Patients to seek care.
Patients to seek medical care.
Patients to seek opinion.
Patients to seek treatments.
Patients to survive infection.
Patients tolerate treatment side effects because they endorse the goal of stopping malignant growth.
Patients tolerate up to two hours of mild hypothermia.
Patients too have their responsibility in that relationship.
Patients travel hundreds, sometimes thousands of miles to purchase the raw cures.
Patients treat medical personnel with respect and are treated likewise.
Patients treat Tinnitus as an indicator that something is wrong with their hearing or brain.
Patients treated with orchiectomy are eligible.
Patients trust family physicians with their lives.
Patients trust nurses.
Patients trust their pharmacist.
Patients try seances while doctors turn to exorcism and voodoo.
Patients try to elude social rejection by concealing themselves and their illness.
Patients try to maintain a good relationship with doctors, often by means of bribes.
Patients tune into their internal dialogue in order to change maladaptive thinking patterns.
Patients turn in their prescriptions and they are filled while the patient is at the service window.
Patients turn to physicians.
Patients turn to the Internet before going to the doctor and again afterwards.
Patients turn to the Internet before going to the doctor and then again afterwards.
Patients typically attend one-hour treatment sessions once a day, five days a week for seven weeks.
Patients typically attend one-hour treatment sessions once a day, five days a week, for seven weeks.
Patients typically begin their rest and recuperation in an indoor enclosure.
Patients typically come and complain of pain, and swelling and going up and down steps.
Patients typically come in one week later to have their braces placed.
Patients typically complain of a twisting or buckling injury or a fall or blow to the knee.
Patients typically complain of burning in the neck and chest region.
Patients typically complain of elbow and forearm pain with activity.
Patients typically complain of itching on the distal shaft of the penis.
Patients typically complain of tenderness when the scalp or sides of the head are touched.
Patients typically develop aversions to certain foods and strong aromas frequently trigger nausea.
Patients typically die of heart failure within one month of contracting an accute infection.
Patients typically endure varying cycles of attacks and remissions.
Patients typically expect something substantial that they can take away from a visit.
Patients typically experience few late side effects.
Patients typically experience severe abdominal pain, nausea, and diarrhea.
Patients typically experience some swelling and have a mild sore throat.
Patients typically experience symptoms as the joint becomes painful and stiff.
Patients typically experience symptoms while outside on cold, windy or rainy days.
Patients typically feel they are back to normal in a few days.
Patients typically get off the table and go home.
Patients typically get off the treatment table feeling identical to when they got on.
Patients typically go home after four days in the hospital.
Patients typically go home the following day.
Patients typically go home the next day.
Patients typically go home the same day.
Patients typically have a normal life span.
Patients typically have atrophy of the frontal and temporal lobes of the brain.
Patients typically have contractures and hand deformities.
Patients typically have diarrhea and abdominal pain, especially in the lower right side.
Patients typically have hearing loss in the second or third decade of life.
Patients typically have high-pitched inspiratory stridor that increases with crying and when supine.
Patients typically have no previous history of milker's nodule.
Patients typically have one to four breakthrough pain episodes each day.
Patients typically have splenomegally or, less commonly, ascites or no symptoms at all.
Patients typically have voluminous watery diarrhea.
Patients typically keep a diary of morning and evening readings for one month.
Patients typically present in the first two decades of life.
Patients typically present with a prolonged cough illness preceded by upper respiratory symptoms.
Patients typically present with advanced stage disease and pursue an aggressive clinical course.
Patients typically present with advanced staged disease and B-type symptoms.
Patients typically present with deep shoulder pain.
Patients typically present with intractable seizures and developmental delay.
Patients typically present with muscle cramping and spasms.
Patients typically present with pain, loss of motion, and difficulty wearing their shoes.
Patients typically receive daily treatments on weekdays over the course of an eight-week period.
Patients typically recover quickly from ventricular tachycardia- mediated syncope.
Patients typically recover with minimal treatment.
Patients typically remain in the hospital overnight and go home the next day.
Patients typically report an unsteadiness that increases with activity and is relieved by rest.
Patients typically report hearing or feeling a pop over the medial knee.
Patients typically report pain in the medial joint line in the absence of mechanical symptoms.
Patients typically report that they feel out of breath after mild exertion.
Patients typically require catheterization after the procedure.
Patients typically return directly to home or work after treatment.
Patients typically return to daily activity in much less time than when surgery is required.
Patients typically return to normal activities after a few hours and return home the following day.
Patients typically return to work within two days.
Patients typically return to work within two to four weeks.
Patients typically seek medical help because of persistent vomiting and swelling in the legs.
Patients typically spend one day in the intensive care unit.
Patients typically spend only minutes reclining fully-clothed on the densitometer.
Patients typically spend three hours per day, three to five days per week.
Patients typically spend two days in the intensive care unit.
Patients typically stay there for months or years.
Patients typically suffer from intense drug cravings, irritability, fatigue, and depression.
Patients typically undergo a change in personality and behavior and often lose their inhibitions.
Patients typically undergo piercing procedures without anesthetic.
Patients typically use a walker or crutches for four to six weeks after the surgery.
Patients typically wear a helmet as their brains heal.
Patients undergo a battery of tests to rule out other diseases.
Patients undergo a series of lab tests and have a sonogram.
Patients undergo a short general anesthesia for laparoscopy.
Patients undergo a thorough evaluation during their first visit.
Patients undergo angiography to determine if angioplasty is necessary.
Patients undergo assessments.
Patients undergo crises.
Patients undergo cytoreductive therapy for the treatment of their particular malignancy.
Patients undergo daily treatment by a multi-disciplinary team of rehabilitation therapists .
Patients undergo detailed neurological and neuropsychological assessment.
Patients undergo diagnostic procedures and receive follow-up care after hospitalization.
Patients undergo either globus pallidus or substantia nigra stimulation.
Patients undergo examinations.
Patients undergo fewer invasive procedures and experience shorter hospital stays.
Patients undergo food sensitivity tests.
Patients undergo genetic tests.
Patients undergo local anesthesia and usually intravenous sedation as well.
Patients undergo measurements.
Patients undergo molecular genetic tests.
Patients undergo motor control testing to measure several variables relating to movement.
Patients undergo multiple procedures, surgeries, and hospitalizations.
Patients undergo neuropsychological and neurological assessment.
Patients undergo nutrition.
Patients undergo operations.
Patients undergo periodic follow-up liver and blood lipid tests as well.
Patients undergo phenotypic drug resistance testing prior to study entry.
Patients undergo routine examinations.
Patients undergo routine operations.
Patients undergo sickle cell crises.
Patients undergo sickle crises.
Patients undergo supervised exercise training and risk factor modification.
Patients undergo symptoms.
Patients undergo tests.
Patients undergo the operation under light sedation and are discharged the same day.
Patients undergo three vaccine treatments given at one-month intervals.
Patients undergo treatments.
Patients undergo venography at eight days.
Patients undergoing a seed implantation have a special ultrasound scan prior to the procedure.
Patients undergoing bronchoscopy to biopsy a growth in their lungs have varied prognoses.
Patients undergoing dialysis often develop complications such as anemia.
Patients undergoing heart surgery can also reap the rewards of meditation.
Patients undergoing laser treatment for spider veins can resume normal activity immediately.
Patients undergoing open-heart surgery frequently require one or more blood transfusions.
Patients undergoing perineal prostatectomy can have their lymph nodes evaluated by laparoscopy.
Patients undergoing pre-planned major surgery are eligible for enrollment.
Patients undergoing shoulder girdle resection retain hand function and good elbow function.
Patients undergoing surgery are the leading users of blood and blood products.
Patients undergoing surgery suddenly disappear.
Patients undergoing surgery tend to be anxious.
Patients undergoing surgical drainage of their abscesses have a higher survival rate.
Patients undergoing the procedure can get back to normal activities the next day.
Patients undergoing treatment for cancer are the primary users of platelets.
Patients undergoing treatment with biotechnological drugs have special needs.
Patients understand diagnoses.
Patients understand factors.
Patients understand that mistakes happen.
Patients understand various factors.
Patients use a hand-held magnet to turn the system on and off.
Patients use a lot of energy and tire easily because they breathe rapidly and shallowly.
Patients use cracks.
Patients use crutches and are encouraged to walk as tolerated on the leg.
Patients use diets.
Patients use headsets and video to recreate their phobia.
Patients use hormones.
Patients use it twice a day.
Patients use medicine.
Patients use oxygen.
Patients use questionnaires.
Patients use supportion and have to build up strong muscle mass to protect joints.
Patients use tests.
Patients use the article as a springboard to create the questions.
Patients use the books and tapes at home to continue their preparation.
Patients use the cream on the tongue or under the denture three or four times a day.
Patients use the cream on the tongue or under the denture.
Patients use the magnet to switch the stimulator between high, low and off settings.
Patients use the pump continuously according to a programmed plan that is unique to each patient.
Patients use the same station each session and are helped by the same nurse and technicians.
Patients use the survey to remark on the wonderful care they received.
Patients use the term fatigue to describe malaise associated with infections.
Patients use very different terms to describe central pain.
Patients using factor VIIa are usually male.
Patients using such medicines take unpredictable risks.
Patients utilize the device at home on a regular basis.
Patients value the first-contact and coordinating role of primary care physicians.
Patients vary in the level of detail they want to know about ischemic heart disease.
Patients vary in the severity of their symptoms and cognitive impairment.
Patients vary in their ability to recover, so close and timely followup is essential.
Patients vary in their sensitivity to cantharidin.
Patients vary tremendously.
Patients vary widely in disability, age of onset, and responsiveness to medications.
Patients vary widely in their response to drugs.
Patients vary, however, in how much information they want.
Patients vent about workplace frustrations, stalled careers and shattered dreams.
Patients view nurses as key people in offering emotional support.
Patients view pharmacists as role models for healthy living.
Patients view physicians as being knowledgeable about alternative medicine.
Patients view their psychotherapy.
Patients visit any doctor at any time and pay directly for their treatment.
Patients visit clinics.
Patients visit doctors.
Patients visit hospitals that have no drugs.
Patients visit other specialists before they see a radiation oncologist.
Patients visit physicians.
Patients visit the center for many reasons.
Patients visit the doctor with a cold and insist on an antibiotic to get well fast.
Patients visiting the site can learn about various diseases, diagnostic exams and treatment options.
Patients void in the normal way.
Patients vote with their dollars.
Patients wait about six months for a lung here compared to two years elsewhere.
Patients wait for hours.
Patients wait in the colorful play area.
Patients wait months for routine surgery.
Patients wake up from comas or regain use of their muscles.
Patients walk across a plate connected to a computer that reads the patients' feet.
Patients walk and brush the dogs.
Patients walk from their dormitories to various activities, the cafeteria, etc.
Patients walk into offices.
Patients walk until claudication occurs, rest until it subsides, and then resume walking.
Patients walk, climb ladders and stairs, swim and play golf.
Patients wander aimlessly and pace.
Patients want general overviews.
Patients want overviews.
Patients wash hands.
Patients watch readings as the pain is happening.
Patients watch television.
Patients wear a belt with a recorder.
Patients wear a piece of latex, such as the fingertip of a glove to test for a reaction.
Patients wear a special mask at night that is connected to an airflow generator.
Patients wear a surgical bra until swelling and bruising are gone.
Patients wear both anaglyph filters and plus and minus spheres.
Patients wear comfortable clothing from home.
Patients wear cuffs on their legs at the calf and thigh level.
Patients wear full distance correction and one eye is occluded.
Patients wear goggles or a visor and earphones.
Patients wear stereoscopic glasses and watch spiders move three-dimensionally across a PC screen.
Patients wear street clothing and are out of bed and active to the maximum extent they are able.
Patients wear the device, which is about the size of a hearing aid, behind their ear.
Patients weigh kgs.
Patients weigh over kgs.
Patients weigh the risks against the benefits and decide to stop taking the medication.
Patients welcome the personal touch.
Patients wield tremendous political clout.
Patients will have responses.
Patients win when their symptoms are alleviated or cured.
Patients wish to be active participants in their care and to help out in any way they can.
Patients wish to please their therapists.
Patients wish to protect the family they love and therefore hide their own distress.
Patients withdraw from the study at any time for any reason.
Patients work at their own pace as long as they perform the exercises properly.
Patients work hard to keep their test scores within range.
Patients work in small groups in the greenhouse located on the hospital grounds.
Patients work together with other patients.
Patients work toward establishing consistent abstinence and maintaining emotional stability.
Patients worldwide await innovations that address their medical needs.
Patients worry about recurrence and about missing symptoms of new cancer.
Patients would have problems.
Patients yearn for inexpensive, safe, simple and effective alternatives.
Patients always have access to laboratory results and can watch when microscope analysis is done.
Patients always receive antibiotics.
Patients frequently access our web site as well.
Patients frequently are elderly and present with subacute or chronic ophthalmoplegia.
Patients frequently ask questions about the supplements they are taking.
Patients frequently become ill with fever and prefer to be in bed.
Patients frequently become nervous of dogs.
Patients frequently become systemically ill, with fever and leukocytosis.
Patients frequently blame their lack of energy on advancing years, sigh and do nothing about it.
Patients frequently complain of cold intolerance, dry skin, and constipation.
Patients frequently complain of crust and scales adherent to the scalp and hair.
Patients frequently complain of inability to stay fully awake during the daytime.
Patients frequently die in the neonatal period or in early infancy.
Patients frequently die within months of diagnosis.
Patients frequently exhibit depressive symptoms, poor pain coping mechanisms.
Patients frequently feel low self-esteem.
Patients frequently have a magical notion about the role of vitamins in human nutrition.
Patients frequently have bacteremia, shock, and organ failure.
Patients frequently have lung problems, and pulmonary doctors works very closely with the patients.
Patients frequently have pain on the dorsum of the foot as well as around puncture site.
Patients frequently have pain with bilateral extremity symptoms, often exacerbated by standing.
Patients frequently have unarticulated, unexpressed theories of their disorders.
Patients frequently mistake routine medical conditions for an emergency.
Patients frequently portray themselves as the victim of slights, cruelty, and deprivation.
Patients frequently present with nonspecific symptoms and signs.
Patients frequently question ownership of the medical records.
Patients frequently reconsider treatment when informed of the possibility of disability or death.
Patients frequently report daytime sleepiness.
Patients frequently report relief of aching legs after either injection or surgery.
Patients frequently request a combination of eyelid and skin procedures for a complete rejuvenation.
Patients frequently require dermatological interventions for their skin wounds and infections.
Patients frequently seek help after a bed partner or roommate complains.
Patients frequently suffer from embarrassing or very private health problems.
Patients frequently suffer from joint pain.
Patients frequently use weighted walking aids because of their tendency to fall backward.
Patient often presents to family practitioner or dermatologist for scaling, ulcerated nipple.
Patients often adjust their activities to avoid overheating.
Patients often admit to prolonged periods of pain, particularly at night.
Patients often appear very slow to answer questions, and have difficulty processing information.
Patients often are a captive and debilitated audience, powerless to control their environment.
Patients often are able to function relatively normally on massive doses of narcotics.
Patients often are reluctant to admit such behavior.
Patients often are unaware of nystagmus, which suggest a process in the cerebellum or brainstem.
Patients often are very acute.
Patients often ask about taking vitamins during their treatments.
Patients often ask for advice on precautions for travelling abroad.
Patients often ask if the nerves are going through the tumor or wrapping around it.
Patients often ask oncology nurses for resources, including book recommendations.
Patients often ask the difference between cosmetic surgery and reconstructive surgery.
Patients often ask what is new in medicine.
Patients often ask what they can do to minimize the chances of Crohn's coming back after surgery.
Patients often attend the clinic on the recommendation of local church groups.
Patients often avoid giving away their full names.
Patients often awake suddenly after several hours of observation.
Patients often become comatose before dying.
Patients often become confused by seeing one or other name on the prescription.
Patients often become depressed, angry, and hopeless.
Patients often become severely disoriented , losing touch with the world more and more.
Patients often begin continual passive motion exercises to prevent scar tissue from forming.
Patients often believe they're going to have a heart attack or die from the simple fear itself.
Patients often bond therapeutically to various members of the team.
Patients often come to the hospital very sick and only when they are unable to fend for themselves.
Patients often come to treatment with other pre-existing diagnoses or personality features.
Patients often come up short when their insurance coverage is different from what they imagined.
Patients often comment on the state of the department.
Patients often compare it to the sting of an elastic band.
Patients often compensate by sleeping with their feet hanging over the side of the bed.
Patients often complain about back pain triggered by gardening, playing golf, playing tennis, etc.
Patients often complain about billing errors.
Patients often complain about dry burning eyes.
Patients often complain first of impaired central acuity in one eye.
Patients often complain of a blind spot, or blurry vision, and distortion of shapes.
Patients often complain of being extraordinarily fatigued but unable to sleep.
Patients often complain of bloating and vague abdominal symptoms.
Patients often complain of boredom, depression and frustration.
Patients often complain of cough and shortness of breath.
Patients often complain of discomfort involving the knuckles at the palm and finger.
Patients often complain of dizziness and lightheadedness.
Patients often complain of excessive daytime sleepiness or daytime fatigue.
Patients often complain of fatigue .
Patients often complain of intermittent right upper quadrant pain that is exacerbated by eating.
Patients often complain of irritability and headaches.
Patients often complain of morning stiffness and pain and demonstrate limitation of motion.
Patients often complain of night pain and inability to lie on the affected shoulder.
Patients often complain of pain around the knee cap when going up or down steps or with squatting.
Patients often complain of rough texture, gooseflesh, and overall cosmetic appearance of their skin.
Patients often confuse plaque and tartar and how they are related to each other.
Patients often delay seeking medical help out of fear and embarrassment.
Patients often describe a sensation of walking on a wooden limb.
Patients often describe being 'possessed', out of control and stuporous.
Patients often describe having some days when their vision is worse.
Patients often describe it as an unnatural fatigue.
Patients often describe neuropathic pain as burning or shooting.
Patients often describe nociceptive pain as aching or throbbing.
Patients often describe such a mole as resembling a squashed bug.
Patients often describe the floater as appearing as a fly or spider in their vision.
Patients often develop a thoracic kyphosis.
Patients often develop acute symptoms of pain, photophobia and decreased vision.
Patients often develop retinal detachments.
Patients often diagnose pregnancy themselves and visit doctors for confirmation.
Patients often discontinue treatment.
Patients often discount or fail to report long-term, chronic or recurrent symptoms.
Patients often drop their appeals and pay their own medical expenses, doctors say.
Patients often endure long waits for an available operating room.
Patients often enjoy a return to their usual activities and lifestyle.
Patients often equate a history of trauma with appearance of a neoplasm.
Patients often exhibit a self-care deficit.
Patients often expect antibiotics to treat problems such as bronchitis and sinusitis.
Patients often experience a sense of deep relaxation, tingling, fluid flows, and relief of pain.
Patients often experience a significant improvement in their emotional well-being during treatment.
Patients often experience considerable recovery from their discomfort and disability.
Patients often experience nausea, vomiting and headache.
Patients often experience paresthesias of their hands and face.
Patients often experience restless sleep, morning headaches, and afternoon drowsiness.
Patients often experience the most dramatic results in the first treatment.
Patients often express concern about becoming dependent on medication.
Patients often express profound feelings of relief.
Patients often faint.
Patients often fear that they are going insane.
Patients often feel a heightened sense of cardiac awareness with reflux.
Patients often feel a wide range of emotions during psychotherapy.
Patients often feel an increase in symptoms at night due to venous stasis.
Patients often feel angry and frustrated by the chronic itching.
Patients often feel better after a single visit.
Patients often feel cold and slightly confused.
Patients often feel dramatically fatigued, and sometimes also emotionally brittle or irritable.
Patients often feel helpless and ignored.
Patients often feel like they have lost control of everything.
Patients often feel mellow after a treatment because of the release of endorphins.
Patients often feel more self-confident even before treatment is completed.
Patients often feel stronger, and their symptoms are significantly improved.
Patients often feel their behaviour is beyond their control.
Patients often feel they are on an assembly line.
Patients often feel unwell and require bed rest or occasionally hospitalization.
Patients often feel very isolated in struggling with their difficulties.
Patients often find an equilibrium point at which they can function.
Patients often find high-fat foods difficult to digest.
Patients often find it difficult to get up out of a chair.
Patients often find it easier to give yes and no answers to the machine about embarrassing topics.
Patients often forget verbal instructions.
Patients often forget.
Patients often get the false impression that if it s herbal, it s natural and probably safe.
Patients often give a history of recurrent attack of bronchitis, chronic sinusitis, and pneumonia.
Patients often give inaccurate histories.
Patients often go home groggy from anaesthesia, in pain, and with drainage tubes in place.
Patients often go home within several days.
Patients often go undiagnosed and untreated costing the health care system billions of dollars.
Patients often have a dry mouth or dry eyes.
Patients often have a history of chronic sun exposure.
Patients often have a history of pronounced reflux symptoms such as heartburn.
Patients often have a history of recent injury or infection such as otitis media.
Patients often have a normochromic-normocytic anemia.
Patients often have a past history of chronic paranasal sinusitis.
Patients often have a problem coming out of the clinic and end up back in.
Patients often have a sense of impending doom or imminent danger and feel an urge to flee.
Patients often have a tall, thin stature and very frequently are cigarette smokers.
Patients often have a urinary concentrating defect, leading to nocturia and polyuria.
Patients often have abdominal pain, neuropsychiatric symptoms, and a family history.
Patients often have antecedent non-disciform degenerative changes.
Patients often have complicated conditions that require multiple, highly specialized services.
Patients often have concerns about their appearance during the healing process.
Patients often have episodes of severe abdominal or joint pain as a consequence.
Patients often have hypoglycemia.
Patients often have ill-defined complaints, such as back pain.
Patients often have insomnia and fatigue.
Patients often have insurance to cover their charges.
Patients often have little choice in choosing a transplant center.
Patients often have low blood pressure after a stroke.
Patients often have lymphadenopathy and hepatosplenomegaly, but bony lesions are uncommon.
Patients often have many misconceptions about skin allergies.
Patients often have numerous eye specialists for their symptoms.
Patients often have other means for a suicide attempt at their disposal.
Patients often have other symptoms like arthritis, fever, and muscle aches.
Patients often have pain on passive movement with crepitus and joint enlargement.
Patients often have predominant manifestations of either constipation or diarrhea.
Patients often have problems concentrating on more than one thing at one time.
Patients often have pulmonary contusions, pleural effusions, atelectasis, or infiltrates.
Patients often have recurrent and severely painful episodes that necessitate the use of opioids.
Patients often have several abnormalities such as crackles and wheezes.
Patients often have significant pain and wound complications postoperatively.
Patients often have small brains, mental retardation, spasticity, seizures.
Patients often have special needs for food or fluids.
Patients often have subtle symptoms for a long period before the meningioma is diagnosed.
Patients often have swelling in and around the tendon sheath as well.
Patients often have to be patient.
Patients often have to change their diet are after a partial or total gastrectomy.
Patients often have to greatly modify their diets and take exercise to protect their health.
Patients often have to have repeat surgery to open the blocked area.
Patients often have to make numerous requests before they can actually get possession of records.
Patients often have to rely on a friend or family member to communicate with doctors and others.
Patients often have to take the more active role in reviewing and selecting treatments.
Patients often have to travel great distances to receive care at the hospital.
Patients often have trouble moving their neck forward, resulting in the head dropping back.
Patients often have two or more acute or chronic medical problems.
Patients often have upper gastrointestinal and other somatic and psychologic symptoms.
Patients often have variable post void residual volumes of urine in the bladder.
Patients often have various combinations of allergies, sinusitis, and asthma.
Patients often have very little medical knowledge.
Patients often hold reading material close to their eyes.
Patients often know when clubbing runs in the family.
Patients often like the nurse telephone call.
Patients often live for years without having the cancer spread.
Patients often live in fear of accidental exposure and avoid numerous products out of concern.
Patients often live well into middle age.
Patients often live with it for decades.
Patients often look to their caregivers for love and compassion.
Patients often make a common mistake when it comes to exercising the shoulder.
Patients often make the mistake of attributing rectal bleeding only to hemorrhoids.
Patients often make their own appointments.
Patients often move about in bed, occasionally finding relief with a change in position.
Patients often move from one classification to another, and the treatment is adjusted accordingly.
Patients often neglect to inform their doctors about their use of such treatments.
Patients often notice alleviation of rigidity, bradykinesia, and tremor during lesioning.
Patients often notice an improved sense of well-being after treatment.
Patients often notice cataracts first as a haze around lights at night.
Patients often prefer care from someone with whom they can readily identify.
Patients often prefer to receive care from someone with whom they can readily identify.
Patients often prefer to see the same physician over time.
Patients often present at an advanced stage of disease with pronounced cardiopulmonary symptoms.
Patients often present to the neuro-ophthalmologist's office with complaints of presbyopia.
Patients often present with a chin-up position to maintain binocular vision.
Patients often present with a complex mixture of physical and emotional problems.
Patients often present with a single, quickly growing nodal or extranodal mass.
Patients often present with an asymptomatic, slowly enlarging, erythematous, scaly patch or plaque.
Patients often present with blurred vision of relatively acute onset.
Patients often present with classic symptoms of frequent heartburn or sour taste in the mouth.
Patients often present with fever, headache, and malaise within one month after exposure to a tick.
Patients often present with loss of vision.
Patients often present with obstruction or perforation.
Patients often present with pneuomothorax, dyspnea, hemoptysis and chylous pleural effusions.
Patients often present with severe hypercalcemia that initially requires medical management.
Patients often progress to respiratory failure, which requires immediate treatment.
Patients often realize during the treatment that their mental functioning is being severely harmed.
Patients often receive bright light therapy at home, with the use of a light box.
Patients often receive medication to prevent hypersensitivity reactions before they take paclitaxel.
Patients often receive subtle 'warning signs' for both types of stroke.
Patients often recognize extra warmth and comfort.
Patients often refer to pressure or heaviness in the chest.
Patients often regard implants as part of their own bodies.
Patients often reject multiple-injection programmes as inconvenient and burdensome.
Patients often remain apathic about their condition and they expect everything from the doctor.
Patients often remain asymptomatic until the disease has progressed significantly.
Patients often remain awake during brain surgery, because the brain feels no pain.
Patients often report a burning sensation while feces are being passed into the toilet.
Patients often report a history of back pain that occurred prior to the actual herniation.
Patients often report a sudden increase in shoe size.
Patients often report episodes of transient visual loss or dimming before losing vision permanently.
Patients often report significant and long-term improvements in pain.
Patients often report that associated anxiety and depression have lessened.
Patients often report that they awaken in the morning and notice a hearing loss.
Patients often request a specific interpreter or even bring one to the clinic.
Patients often request counseling after receiving results from a pregnancy test.
Patients often require more than one injection.
Patients often require pain medications for several days and crutches or a walker for several weeks.
Patients often require repeated evaluation and modifications in therapy.
Patients often resort to steroid treatment and often get modest relief.
Patients often respond quite quickly to clozapine and have fewer side effects.
Patients often respond to removal of the offending drug.
Patients often respond well to a low sulfur diet.
Patients often return home the same day and can begin normal activities immediately.
Patients often return to work immediately after having the procedure.
Patients often return to work the next day.
Patients often say it hurts to have as much as a bedsheet rest on top of a gouty toe.
Patients often say they can feel fluid under the skin.
Patients often see a conventional doctor and engage in alternative therapies concurrently.
Patients often see an improvement in symptoms within six weeks of surgery.
Patients often see or feel the changes in their bodies after the first visit.
Patients often see several doctors before they are given an accurate diagnosis.
Patients often show autistic symptoms .
Patients often show autistic symptoms.
Patients often slip into a coma and die.
Patients often spend weeks in a total body cast recovering from the surgery.
Patients often squeeze out too much, or miss the eye and have to redose.
Patients often stay in the hospital for about three days.
Patients often stay with the same physician.
Patients often stop taking the medication once they feel better.
Patients often strive for a natural balance to compliment their medical treatment.
Patients often suffer from severe dehydration caused by massive diarrhoea and muscular cramps.
Patients often suffer greatly from severe pruritus.
Patients often suffer renal failure and require dialysis or a kidney transplant.
Patients often suffer seizures, headache, weakness, and visual problems.
Patients often take diuretics, antihypertensive medications, and antiplatelet agents.
Patients often take diuretics, antihypertensives, and antiplatelet agents.
Patients often talk about the past, hobbies, family or religion as a source of their strength.
Patients often talk about the pet at home they miss or how appreciative they are for the visit.
Patients often tell their families and friends, which draws new clients.
Patients often tolerate unpleasant side effects if they have been explained.
Patients often try a new area to determine whether the asthma improves while there.
Patients often try more than one drug before finding one that works and can be tolerated.
Patients often try to understand things by relating their problem to someone they know.
Patients often turn first to their primary care physicians for advice and referrals.
Patients often turn to complementary and alternative therapies for help.
Patients often undergo a series of diagnostic tests during the course of an evaluation.
Patients often use a stationary bike to strengthen the leg muscles.
Patients often view such interactions as inappropriate.
Patients often watch television during the treatment.
Patients often wear amulets to keep away evil spirits.
Patients often wonder about the purpose of particular laboratory tests.
Patients sometimes appear unexpectedly for emergency treatment, insurance information, etc.
Patients sometimes become agitated because they are uncomfortable or in pain.
Patients sometimes complain of a feeling of fullness immediately after swallowing food.
Patients sometimes describe the jerks as brief electrical shocks.
Patients sometimes develop a tolerance for opioids' pain-killing effects and require larger doses.
Patients sometimes die suddenly, presumably due to arrhythmias.
Patients sometimes die.
Patients sometimes experience temporary vision loss, which subsides within a few weeks.
Patients sometimes feel that if a little is good, more is better.
Patients sometimes get flu-like symptoms as their bodies try to filter the substance from the blood.
Patients sometimes have a remote history of infertility.
Patients sometimes lie to avoid supervision.
Patients sometimes meander into the second floor clinic without appointments.
Patients sometimes prefer starting out online, however, because that way they get more control.
Patients sometimes report feeling relaxed or even euphoric after acupuncture treatments.
Patients sometimes respond better to one than to the other.
Patients sometimes suffer brain injury, resulting in poorer cognitive function after surgery.
Patients sometimes vote with their feet against certain radiological equipment.
Patients sometimes walk across a room with their eyes closed or stand on a foam pad.
Patients sometimes walk for as long as three days to reach it.
Patients usually appear acutely ill, having tachycardia and tachypnea.
Patients usually appear acutely ill, with tachycardia and tachypnea.
Patients usually are able to leave the hospital the same day as treatment.
Patients usually are anicteric, with normal life expectancy.
Patients usually are asymptomatic.
Patients usually are awake during the surgery but they feel no pain.
Patients usually are completely asymptomatic.
Patients usually are tachypneic.
Patients usually arrive at the hospital with an enlarged, failing heart and difficulty breathing.
Patients usually begin seeing better the next day without the aid of glasses or contacts.
Patients usually begin to recover on their own within a few weeks.
Patients usually bring a book to read or listen to portable CD players during their treatments.
Patients usually bring a relative or friend to medical appointments to serve as interpreter.
Patients usually can get back to drills and pivoting again after about four months.
Patients usually come in saying that their ovaries hurt.
Patients usually come with laboratory forms from their doctors.
Patients usually complain of a localized painful swelling on one eyelid.
Patients usually complain of a slowly or rapidly enlarging nodule.
Patients usually complain of chronic reddish-brown discoloration on the lateral cheeks and neck.
Patients usually complain of dysphagia and retention of undigested food in the lower esophagus .
Patients usually complain of intense pain in the abdomen or flank causing extreme discomfort.
Patients usually complain of neck pain radiating into the shoulder, arm or scapula.
Patients usually complain of odynophagia and, less commonly, dysphagia.
Patients usually complain of pain after eating.
Patients usually complain of pain, foreign body sensation, and photophobia.
Patients usually complain of pain, photophobia, and red eye.
Patients usually complain of severe unilateral pain.
Patients usually deny their problem when they go for treatment.
Patients usually develop a bruising skin reaction, fever and headaches.
Patients usually develop breathing difficulty approximately two to six days after onset of symptoms.
Patients usually develop headaches as an initial symptom.
Patients usually develop meningitis with lymphocytic pleocytosis.
Patients usually develop symptoms that suggest the possibility of a brain tumor.
Patients usually die of congestive heart failure.
Patients usually die within one to six days.
Patients usually do best when they eat six small meals, which include snacks.
Patients usually experience a dramatic improvement in their vision the next day.
Patients usually experience aches, stiffness, and fatigue the day after the adjustment.
Patients usually experience fatigue, but have trouble sleeping.
Patients usually experience problems with tethered cord syndrome after a growth spurt.
Patients usually experience the most significant pain after periods of inactivity.
Patients usually fall within the range of five to seven.
Patients usually feel and look healthier and younger.
Patients usually feel and look okay surprisingly quickly after a facelift.
Patients usually feel dizzy because the blood pressure drops, especially when standing up.
Patients usually feel little discomfort after eyelid surgery.
Patients usually finish before supper and can then have a regular supper.
Patients usually fly in one day with the new patient visit and preoperative testing the next day.
Patients usually get better with minimal treatment.
Patients usually go back to work within five days.
Patients usually go home after surgery.
Patients usually go home after two nights in the hospital and quickly return to work.
Patients usually go home after two nights in the hospital, and quickly return to work.
Patients usually go home the day after surgery and return to work in a few days.
Patients usually go home the same day, or in some cases the next day, with few restrictions.
Patients usually go home the same day.
Patients usually go to their physician complaining of decreased vision.
Patients usually have a better experience if they are well informed.
Patients usually have a discernibly growing mass and often exhibit stridor, hoarseness, or both.
Patients usually have a family history of diabetes, are overweight, and get little regular exercise.
Patients usually have a good prognosis unless central corneal scarring results.
Patients usually have a high fever and sweats at night.
Patients usually have a normal life span.
Patients usually have a right to appeal such a denial.
Patients usually have abnormal in-toeing of the tibia.
Patients usually have an increased plasma estradiol level and a low or normal gonadotropin level.
Patients usually have autonomic nervous system dysfunction first.
Patients usually have little awareness of their rights.
Patients usually have little to no pain, bruising or swelling.
Patients usually have neurological or orthopedic impairments from traumatic injury or disease.
Patients usually have no neurological deficit other than torticollis.
Patients usually have no side effects from the injection.
Patients usually have no symptoms.
Patients usually have one hand done at a time to see if the procedure is effective.
Patients usually have questions regarding thyroid cancer.
Patients usually have short stature which ranges from dwarfism to small build.
Patients usually have short stature, which ranges from dwarfism to small build.
Patients usually have six or more of cafe au lait spots.
Patients usually have spotting or abnormal menstruation from a few days to a few weeks.
Patients usually have swollen lymph nodes and spleen or liver.
Patients usually have the slow onset of focal neurological signs, occasionally with seizures.
Patients usually have to fulfill certain criteria to be eligible for funding.
Patients usually have very high antibody titers, which establish the diagnosis.
Patients usually heal more quickly after endoscopic plantar fasciotomy.
Patients usually improve rapidly within several days.
Patients usually leave the hospital a couple of hours following surgery.
Patients usually leave the hospital the same day.
Patients usually live six months to two years at most.
Patients usually localize the pain to the ear or tonsil.
Patients usually look forward to a lifetime of drug therapy.
Patients usually lose interest in sex.
Patients usually make essential changes within three months.
Patients usually manifest with loss of acuity, central scotomata, and defective color vision .
Patients usually note a deep seated mass in their soft tissue for tumors of the extremity.
Patients usually notice a nodule, hardness, or painless swelling of the testis.
Patients usually notice an improvement within a few hours and completely recover within a few days.
Patients usually notice decreased distortion within several weeks to months following vitrectomy.
Patients usually notice improvement in vision immediately after surgery.
Patients usually notice the difference within two weeks after starting the program.
Patients usually pay less than in indemnity plans, but have less freedom of choice.
Patients usually pay no part of costs for covered medical expenses.
Patients usually present scared, fearful, panicked and often angry about gaining weight.
Patients usually present subacutely with decreased central vision or metamorphpsia.
Patients usually present with a history of wrist dorsiflexion injury.
Patients usually present with a worsening pattern or prolonged episode of chest pain at rest.
Patients usually present with an asymptomatic area of darkening and thickening of the skin.
Patients usually present with anemia, splenomegaly, and fatigue.
Patients usually present with arthralgias, myalgias, headache and a rash resembling measles.
Patients usually present with chronic pain, either persistent continuous pain or postprandial pain.
Patients usually present with classic signs of anemia.
Patients usually present with dysuria, as in our case.
Patients usually present with fatigue, weight loss and bleeding problems.
Patients usually present with fever, pharyngitis, and lymphadenopathy.
Patients usually present with hydrocephalus.
Patients usually present with inter-menstrual bleeding.
Patients usually present with paroxysmal pain deep within the ear.
Patients usually receive several units of a component of blood.
Patients usually receive the treatment every two weeks for life.
Patients usually receive topical antibiotic eye drops on the day of surgery.
Patients usually recover although a small percentage of patients have persistent renal disease.
Patients usually recover in a few days, and there is no evidence it can be passed to other humans.
Patients usually recover in less than a week.
Patients usually recover promptly when treatment is started without delay.
Patients usually recover quickly from a mild attack of acute pancreatitis.
Patients usually recover spontaneously over a few weeks or months.
Patients usually recover their sense of balance within several weeks, aided by physical therapy.
Patients usually recover vision within three to six weeks.
Patients usually recover with bed rest at home but sometimes hospitalization is needed.
Patients usually recover within two days to one week after onset of the illness.
Patients usually recover without complications.
Patients usually remain awake during the procedure.
Patients usually report a noticeable reduction in their snoring immediately.
Patients usually report a rather abrupt loss of central vision.
Patients usually report ear drainage and hearing loss.
Patients usually require at least a few days in the hospital after surgery.
Patients usually require from five to seven days of hospitalization.
Patients usually require visual rehabilitation.
Patients usually reside in private rooms with private baths.
Patients usually respond diet or the usual prophylactic drugs.
Patients usually respond to the news by being shocked, terrified, numb, panicky or stunned.
Patients usually respond well to treatment, both medication and psychotherapy.
Patients usually resume business and social activities after one or two weeks.
Patients usually return home the same day and return to their normal schedule within a day or so.
Patients usually return to normal activities the next day.
Patients usually return to normal function.
Patients usually return to work or other activities on the same day.
Patients usually return to work or school in six to eight weeks.
Patients usually return to work within two weeks.
Patients usually seek and receive treatment for mononucleosis-like symptoms.
Patients usually seek help for cosmetic reasons.
Patients usually seek medical care during the second stage.
Patients usually spend a day in the hospital following the procedure.
Patients usually spend one or two nights in the lab being monitored.
Patients usually spend one to two nights in the lab while being monitored.
Patients usually stay in hospital for one to three weeks.
Patients usually stay in the hospital only one night for observation.
Patients usually stay two to three weeks, although the center also provides for more long-term care.
Patients usually survive for many years, few patients die from hyperparathyroidism.
Patients usually take it daily for long periods of time for successful treatment.
Patients usually take it in small portions.
Patients usually undergo formal memory testing before surgery.
Patients usually use a combination of medications for heart failure.
Patients usually use a walker for a period of one to two weeks, going to crutches and then a cane.
Patients usually wait about two weeks for an appointment and walk out of the clinic within an hour.
All patients also receive an ultrasound to confirm the length of the pregnancy.
All patients also receive ethambutol, and either rifabutin or clofazamine.
All patients are able to return to their full activities immediately.
All patients are adults and come from a variety of social, ethnic, and economic backgrounds.
All patients are alive and show no developmental delay or neurologic abnormalities.
All patients are alive.
All patients are asymptomatic at the latest follow-up visit.
All patients are at equal risk for bacteremia.
All patients are at high risk of severe infection for months or even years after transplantation.
All patients are available for student, resident and fellow teaching.
All patients are available for student, resident, and fellowship training.
All patients are available for teaching.
All patients are different and each responds differently to diseases and treatments.
All patients are febrile with chills.
All patients are female.
All patients are financially responsible for their own accounts.
All patients are free to return home at the completion of the transplant, once they feel well.
All patients are immunocompetent and have a strong history of atopy.
All patients are in private rooms with private baths.
All patients are individuals, and have varied needs.
All patients are off oxygen.
All patients are physician referred and receive an exercise stress test prior to entry.
All patients are pleased with the postoperative results.
All patients are responsible for own co-pays.
All patients are so different and interesting in their own way.
All patients are so different.
All patients are to be referred for contact tracing.
All patients are under the care of participating GPs.
All patients are welcome to join other session free of any charges if they have already joined one.
All patients are welcome.
All patients benefit from the private wing.
All patients can expect to revert to their preoperative refractions once ICRs are explanted.
All patients can go home immediately after treatment.
All patients can go home immediately following treatment.
All patients chelated by the international protocols see improvement in kidney function.
All patients come for the same.
All patients complete daily bowel movement and medication diaries for the duration of the study.
All patients continue their antiretroviral regimen during the study.
All patients continue their recovery in private rooms.
All patients deserve a competent doctor.
All patients deserve appropriate trials of well-validated nutritional interventions.
All patients deserve equitable care.
All patients deserve to be treated with respect and competence.
All patients die of their disease.
All patients eventually become completely incapable of dressing themselves or choosing what to wear.
All patients eventually lose weight on street heroin.
All patients experience crampy pain of variable severity.
All patients experience emotional disequilibrium in response to a diagnosis of breast cancer.
All patients experience increase in pain with stress.
All patients experience intellectual disability related to a range of pathology such as epilepsy.
All patients experience local injection site reaction.
All patients experience the stimulus of surgical manipulation differently.
All patients face certain barriers in accessing appropriate healthcare.
All patients get weekly individual counseling using a behavioral model for controlling drinking.
All patients give informed consent before they participate in any research.
All patients have a first-time spontaneous pneumothorax unless otherwise stated.
All patients have a past.
All patients have a right to confidentiality of their medical records and medical history.
All patients have a right to their medical records from doctors, hospitals, labs, radiology etc.
All patients have bladder catheters inserted prior to surgery.
All patients have daily duties and responsibilities in their residence hall.
All patients have equal access to the registry.
All patients have involvement of respiratory muscles and most die of respiratory failure.
All patients have lung damage but only some have pancreas damage.
All patients have normal erectile function.
All patients have private rooms.
All patients have retrospective as well as prospective drug therapy reviews done.
All patients have roommates.
All patients have severe side effects.
All patients have stomach X-rays within two weeks after the operation.
All patients have that right and deserve that respect.
All patients have the opportunity to join a support group.
All patients have the potential to be interested in or to use a variety of alternative treatments.
All patients have the right to considerate and respectful care.
All patients have the right to have their religious needs reasonably accommodated.
All patients have the right to refuse any or all treatments.
All patients have their blood pressure checked and blood and urine sample tested.
All patients have their own doctors who are responsible for their medical care.
All patients have to do is look.
All patients identified in risk categories one through five receive an introductory brochure.
All patients Keep the band-aid over the cath site for two days after the test.
All patients meet with the physician at some time before, during, or after the examination.
All patients pay a charge to be admitted but they can only pay a token of the cost.
All patients receive a detailed letter reviewing the counseling and other information presented.
All patients receive a free initial health assessment from a registered nurse before services begin.
All patients receive a full nutritional assessment and needed education by registered dietitians.
All patients receive a pamphlet that explains their right to pain relief.
All patients receive a thorough diagnostic assessment before they begin treatment.
All patients receive a very detailed information sheet that explains all aspects of treatment.
All patients receive an individual assessment to help plan appropriate instruction.
All patients receive an individualized treatment program.
All patients receive antibiotics and a mild narcotic for pain relief.
All patients receive free parking.
All patients receive general anesthesia.
All patients receive high dose therapy with stem cell support.
All patients receive leukodepleted phenotypically matched units.
All patients receive local anesthetic.
All patients receive nutritional consultations.
All patients receive nutritional counseling.
All patients receive spiritual counseling.
All patients receive the drug, and each patient is followed for clinical outcomes.
All patients receive the same dose of nelfinavir mesylate.
All patients receive the same investigational treatment.
All patients receive therapies according to their tolerance.
All patients receive thorough medical evaluations.
All patients report sexual interest, pleasure and activity.
All patients require availability of efficient and effective intervention measures.
All patients require personal counseling in which individual realistic goals are determined.
All patients require referral from a medical physician, podiatrist or dentist.
All patients respond best when treated early.
All patients respond slightly differently to the anesthetics.
All patients select a primary care physician when they become eligible.
All patients sign a consent that explains the risks and precautions prior to starting therapy.
All patients sign a photography consent form prior to photographic documentation.
All patients stay in the hospital at least one night.
All patients transplanted for metastatic breast cancer with our protocol are eligible for the study.
All patients undergo a complete eye examination.
All patients undergo a medical clearance before admission.
All patients undergo a psychosocial assessment to identify barriers to treatment completion.
All patients undergo an aggressive exercise and breathing program.
All patients undergoing such operations are at risk for becoming paralyzed.
All patients use their implant daily.
All patients work with a naturopathic physician and a medical oncologist.
Any patient has the right to request and receive a written response to any concern.
Any patient is potentially a candidate for radial artery surgery.
Any patient is welcome regardless of where they've had their surgery.
Any patient s images, from any stage of treatment, are instantly accessible .
Any patient undergoing flap surgery can experience problems at the donor site .
Every patient affected needs insulin injections to avoid the complications of insulin deficiency.
Every patient breathes differently.
Every patient can expect respectful, caring services to help achieve optimal health.
Every patient can have two visitors at a time.
Every patient comes in hopes to get immediate attention and everything to progress quickly.
Every patient deserves best practice regardless of the practice setting.
Every patient deserves careful diagnosis and individual treatment.
Every patient deserves the best care a hospital can offer.
Every patient deserves the best care possible.
Every patient dies.
Every patient faces a new world of medical terms and procedures.
Every patient feels differently and wants to do different things.
Every patient first wants rapid diagnosis, Bad news demands an accurate prognosis.
Every patient first wants rapid diagnosis, With bad news demands an accurate prognosis.
Every patient gets exactly the same treatment.
Every patient has a consultation with a radiologist.
Every patient has a different combination.
Every patient has a different response to a different drug.
Every patient has a spine.
Every patient has an individual situation, which is different from everyone else.
Every patient has different needs and desires.
Every patient has dissatisfactions with every operation.
Every patient has food issues.
Every patient has free access to a colour television.
Every patient has rights and responsibilities.
Every patient has the ability to call for assistance whenever necessary.
Every patient has the responsibility to attend follow-up appointments.
Every patient has the responsibility to follow recommendations.
Every patient has the responsibility to follow regulations set up for gifts of food or flowers.
Every patient has the responsibility to follow visiting hours.
Every patient has the responsibility to respect the right of access of other students to the clinic.
Every patient has the responsibility to wear proper garb as indicated by condition.
Every patient has the right to a second opinion or referral.
Every patient has the right to always expect fair treatment and compassion under all circumstances.
Every patient has the right to be seen in a timely manner.
Every patient has the right to choose, in advance, the medical treatment they want for themselves.
Every patient has the right to compassionate care, free of judgment.
Every patient has the right to expect clean and fully serviceable equipment and facilities.
Every patient has the right to feel comfortable and safe in the clinic environment.
Every patient has the right to have well-trained ophthalmic personnel assisting their physician.
Every patient has the right to participate in decisions concerning care received.
Every patient has the right to personal and informational privacy.
Every patient has the right to privacy during medical care.
Every patient has the right to refuse any treatment or test to the extent permitted by law.
Every patient has the right to refuse participation in any research study without pressure.
Every patient has the right to refuse recommendations for medical care.
Every patient has the right to refuse to participate in any research program.
Every patient has the same results from a medication or treatment.
Every patient is a different case and has different needs.
Every patient is a doctor after they've been cured.
Every patient is a highlight. . . .
Every patient is a valued individual.
Every patient is an individual requiring a personalised rehabilitation programme.
Every patient is asked to fill out an exit form.
Every patient is assigned a team.
Every patient is assigned to a resident and an attending physician responsible for patient care.
Every patient is cared for by specially trained flight nurses.
Every patient is counseled in a private counseling room before they leave the pharmacy.
Every patient is different and has different needs.
Every patient is different and requires special attention.
Every patient is different and responds differently to the laser treatments.
Every patient is different and thus requires different post-operative care.
Every patient is different but most patients resume normal activities in one to two days.
Every patient is different regarding recovery times.
Every patient is different with different symptoms.
Every patient is different, and every doctor's practice is different.
Every patient is different, and our cardiologists assess each patient individually.
Every patient is different, and the way cancer causes death varies.
Every patient is different, however, and no single therapy works equally well for everyone.
Every patient is different, so there are no set treatment times.
Every patient is different, so there is no universal combination drug therapy.
Every patient is different.
Every patient is entitled to privacy and continued confidentiality about all medical information.
Every patient is evaluated and treated in a compassionate and caring manner.
Every patient is first a person.
Every patient is given all the time necessary for a thorough medical work-up.
Every patient is given the opportunity to choose a method of contraception while at our clinic.
Every patient is instructed to perform remedial exercises with the bandages in place.
Every patient is monitored for cardiorespiratory, otoiatric and methabolic conditions and Vit.
Every patient is precious.
Every patient is provided with high-quality care.
Every patient is received by a volunteer and a member of the nursing staff with a warm welcome.
Every patient is requested to have a designated person to whom phone calls can be directed.
Every patient is so different.
Every patient is special, and recovery times vary for each individual.
Every patient is supervised by an attending neurologist.
Every patient is to leave happy for having been heard by the panel.
Every patient is treated with compassion and dignity.
Every patient is unique and has special and specific needs.
Every patient is unique and no two patients are treated the same.
Every patient is unique with different problems, goals and needs.
Every patient makes an appointment.
Every patient needs an individualized treatment concept.
Every patient needs faith, love, hope and encouragement.
Every patient now has a personal physician who is accessible at all times.
Every patient presents a unique set of characteristics that require a customized surgical plan.
Every patient presents a uniquely different spinal pattern.
Every patient receives a closed-door counseling session about their prescriptions.
Every patient receives an examination by the supervising dentist during the appointment.
Every patient receives regular in home nursing assessments at no charge.
Every patient receives the highest quality medical care.
Every patient requires a different amount of weight-bearing for the leg.
Every patient requires a different pressure.
Every patient requires a two hour SOAP note.
Every patient requires an orthopedic, neurological, and physical exam.
Every patient responds differently to reprogramming and to spinal corrective forces.
Every patient seen is a teaching case.
Every patient sees a counselor individually.
Every patient tells a story.
Every patient wants to know what has caused the disease.
Many patient often have a novelty eye made to use while participating in their sports.
Many patient pleasing colors to choose from.
Many patients achieve excellent control of their tremor with pharmacological treatment.
Many patients achieve their best corrected vision or very near to it.
Many patients actually feel better after completing their diary.
Many patients actually feel better after completing their headache diary.
Many patients actually feel more flexible because their motion is more pain free.
Many patients add stevia to it for flavor.
Many patients adopt unhealthy positioning techniques post-amputation.
Many patients also complain of post-cholycystectomy diarrhea.
Many patients also describe pain, pressure, or paresthesia over the vertex of the head.
Many patients also develop a purplish-red rash.
Many patients also develop anemia or a bleeding problem.
Many patients also develop edema of the hands and feet.
Many patients also experience nausea, vomiting and diarrhea.
Many patients also feel a dramatic improvement in energy.
Many patients also find relief from therapies such as acupuncture and massage.
Many patients also have chronic disorders such as diabetes, hypertension, etc.
Many patients also have concomitant metabolic alkalosis.
Many patients also have inflammatory and degenerative changes in the brain and spinal cord.
Many patients also pay directly for their treatments and a finance plan is available.
Many patients also present with work related pulmonary disease and sleep disorders.
Many patients also report a decrease in their ability to smell.
Many patients also report an improvement in the quality of their sleep.
Many patients also report dizziness and nausea.
Many patients also report improved quality of life, including better sleep.
Many patients also report improvements in mood and other psychosocial aspects of their lives.
Many patients also suffer emotionally from such defects.
Many patients also suffer from hypervigilance, or an amplification of sensation.
Many patients also suffer from poor sleep due to the pain and discomfort of their fibromyalgia.
Many patients also use the libraries' Internet service to access on-line support groups.
Many patients also worry about tolerance and excessive sedation from opioids.
Many patients alternate between one stage and another.
Many patients appear to be complying.
Many patients apply the cream for the first ten days of every month.
Many patients appreciate a physician who brings a personal touch to the physician-patient encounter.
Many patients appreciate having different treatment options to consider.
Many patients are able to be weaned off antidepressants when taking relaxin.
Many patients are able to care for and change their voice prostheses independently.
Many patients are able to connect an attack to a specific stressful event.
Many patients are able to continue working even when they are undergoing treatment.
Many patients are able to cut back on their pain medication or discontinue it altogether.
Many patients are able to learn a new way of seeing by using their remaining peripheral vision.
Many patients are able to manage their health care in their own homes with some home help.
Many patients are able to open their eyes and notice visual improvements immediately.
Many patients are able to reduce or even eliminate opiate medication.
Many patients are able to reduce or even eliminate opiate medications.
Many patients are able to reduce the amount of opiate medication they take.
Many patients are able to resume normal levels of activity within weeks.
Many patients are able to return to work full time.
Many patients are able to see with clear vision much sooner after surgery.
Many patients are able to sleep during the treatment.
Many patients are able to treat problems symptomatically.
Many patients are afraid about taking drugs because of the possible side effects.
Many patients are afraid of offending the doctor by stating their beliefs.
Many patients are allergic to preservatives or dyes, or are sensitive to standard drug strengths.
Many patients are allergic to preservatives or dyes, or are sensitive to standard drug therapies.
Many patients are already anemic prior to surgery.
Many patients are already involved.
Many patients are also photosensitive and have been shown to be deficient in excision repair.
Many patients are asmptomatic.
Many patients are asymptomatic and diagnosed by routine x-rays .
Many patients are asymptomatic between episodes of acute cystitis.
Many patients are asymptomatic.
Many patients are at risk because of more than one factor.
Many patients are better able to ask relevant questions, and comprehend the answers.
Many patients are comfortable with the focus on drugs.
Many patients are concerned about their risk of developing colon cancer.
Many patients are concerned as to the frequency of visits.
Many patients are confused and unsure about the issue of medicinal cannabis.
Many patients are confused, because both viruses can coexist, in a single patient.
Many patients are cooler below the umbilicus and warmer above.
Many patients are delighted with their results.
Many patients are depressed and frustrated and the interchange of helpful ideas is very supportive.
Many patients are difficult to treat because of behavioral problems.
Many patients are do require additional therapy.
Many patients are doctor phobic, so the initial phone conversation seems less threatening.
Many patients are fearful of and confused by procedures at hospitals and medical clinics.
Many patients are free of signs or symptoms until their tumors are quite advanced.
Many patients are good candidates for chemical peels.
Many patients are hesitant to undergo thoracic surgery without knowing they have a cancer.
Many patients are in heavy-duty denial about their disease.
Many patients are in search of an impossible perfection, often spurred by unrealistic media images.
Many patients are in the driver s seat when it comes to selecting a migraine therapy.
Many patients are indigent.
Many patients are interested in whether any alternative treatments for emphysema are available.
Many patients are just too high risk for a carotid artery bypass operation.
Many patients are likely to die of intercurrent illness rather than of prostate cancer.
Many patients are mentally ill, addicted to drugs, or both.
Many patients are multiply handicapped, some with an unclear common etiology.
Many patients are neuro intact as the canal widens.
Many patients are on chemotherapy.
Many patients are prepared to cry.
Many patients are pre-terminally or terminally ill.
Many patients are prone to repeated bacterial infection.
Many patients are ready to learn more about their illness.
Many patients are recent immigrants who speak no English.
Many patients are reluctant to have surgery.
Many patients are reluctant to undergo repeated biopsies.
Many patients are self-conscious about the way the bags look.
Many patients are sensitive to smell due to their illness or the medications they are taking.
Many patients are severely addicted to very powerful drugs.
Many patients are simply amazed.
Many patients are skeptical when their physician orders a psychological evaluation.
Many patients are so used to overtreatment that the proper course can seem like a deprivation.
Many patients are still unaware that there is a name for their symptoms and possible treatments.
Many patients are toddlers or teens.
Many patients are unable to adhere to the complicated drug schedules.
Many patients are unable to attend support group meetings due to their illnesses.
Many patients are unable to continue attending health facilities daily for observation.
Many patients are unable to do more than read, watch TV or work on laptop hobbies.
Many patients are unable to relate pain or restricted ambulation to nail disease.
Many patients are unable to swallow food or even liquid when an attack is at it's most severe.
Many patients are unaware that they have received transfusions.
Many patients are under treated for cancer pain, which is unfortunate.
Many patients are undiagnosed.
Many patients are upset if they are asked about their insurance before seeing the doctor.
Many patients are very sensitive to odors, bright lights, loud noises and even medicines.
Many patients are willing to travel long distances to receive care.
Many patients are worried about the injections being painful.
Many patients are young, healthy and energetic.
Many patients arrive during the day or early evening.
Many patients ask about seeds.
Many patients ask about the potential risks or side effects of steroid use.
Many patients ask about wild yams and phytoestrogens.
Many patients ask if having implants makes it more difficult to detect a breast cancer.
Many patients ask if it's better to drink tap or bottled water when exercising.
Many patients assume that natural equals safe.
Many patients assume that treatment for infertility is cost-prohibitive.
Many patients attend both.
Many patients attribute their health problems to amalgam and other dental metals.
Many patients become aware of a pronounced effect of temperature on their symptoms.
Many patients become confused regarding the meaning of a liver function test.
Many patients become discouraged at having lost unwanted pounds without seeing a flatter abdomen.
Many patients become intolerant of sulfa medications.
Many patients become overly concerned about using inhaled steroids.
Many patients become unresponsive to the medications.
Many patients begin to apply make-up as a concealer after about one week.
Many patients begin to avoid settings similar to that in which the traumatic even occurred.
Many patients begin to sleep more as they come closer to actually dying.
Many patients believe that fatigue belongs to the disease and there is no medical cure.
Many patients believe they are suffering from indigestion and consume antacids.
Many patients belong to middle or upper socioeconomic classes.
Many patients benefit from multidrug therapy.
Many patients benefit from regular exercise under their doctor's guidance.
Many patients benefit more when they use both.
Many patients bleed spontaneously and renal failure is common in fatal cases.
Many patients can adapt to tinnitus on their own.
Many patients can adapt very well to a state of chronically disordered gas exchange.
Many patients can and do.
Many patients can do quite well with medical treatment.
Many patients can even eat with the elastics in place.
Many patients can find symptom improvement with one of our non-surgical approaches.
Many patients can go home the day after surgery.
Many patients can have an outpatient procedure to cure hyperparathyroidism.
Many patients can lead normal, active lives.
Many patients can learn to recognize some familiar sounds.
Many patients can live a normal life with medical treatment.
Many patients can pinpoint the hour of onset.
Many patients can present a toxic psychosis with delusions and hallucinations.
Many patients can profit from individual or group psychological counseling.
Many patients can receive transplants from their brothers or sisters or other close relatives.
Many patients can return to work in three to eight weeks after their transplant.
Many patients can wear ski bands or other types of compressive bands as a dressing.
Many patients choose their health care packages.
Many patients choose to laser resurface just the eye area or lip area.
Many patients choose to listen to music, watch television, nap or talk with staff.
Many patients choose to pay for the operation themselves.
Many patients choose to take an active role in their care and are very knowledgeable.
Many patients choose to watch the carpal tunnel procedure.
Many patients come from cultures that contain strong beliefs in such practices.
Many patients come from great distances, and some from foreign countries.
Many patients come in two to three times a week.
Many patients come to the center for a second opinion.
Many patients come to the ear specialist quite convinced their pain is from an ear infection.
Many patients come to the primary care visit with multiple concerns.
Many patients come to the surgeon with a contained malignancy.
Many patients comment that they have never had so complete a physical assessment.
Many patients complain of a skin rash and cervical adenopathy.
Many patients complain of blurred vision while the treatments heal.
Many patients complain of fatigue during the treatments.
Many patients complain of itching in the lesion.
Many patients complain of nausea after a pancreas transplant.
Many patients complain of neck pain at night due to the positioning of the neck on the pillow.
Many patients complain of pruritus.
Many patients complain of unusual pulsations and irregular or rapid heartbeats.
Many patients compound the problem.
Many patients consult a chiropractic doctor because they think they have a pinched nerve.
Many patients consult a doctor of chiropractic because they think they have a pinched nerve.
Many patients consult with chiropractic staff members to get the real story about chiropractic.
Many patients consume a diet in excess of their energy requirements when malabsorption is present.
Many patients continue to gasp for air and chest compressions induce some air exchange.
Many patients continue to improve from further therapies.
Many patients continue to work during radiation treatments.
Many patients continue to work or exercise throughout the treatment course.
Many patients continue, therefore, to experience needless pain and disability.
Many patients control their own level of anesthesia.
Many patients crave sweets, leaving the nutritious fruits, veggies, and meats behind.
Many patients decide to have the procedure because of their profession or sports related activities.
Many patients decrease to one or two baths per week, spot bathing as necessary between baths.
Many patients depend on regular platelet transfusions.
Many patients describe a nagging sensation of heaviness, pressure, or tightness.
Many patients describe a tingling or buzzing sensation and feel a sense of heaviness in the area.
Many patients describe aching as the essential quality of their pain.
Many patients describe extremely powerful, meaningful and vivid reactions to simulated environments.
Many patients describe intense food cravings with compulsive eating and excessive weight gain.
Many patients describe it as a feeling of butterflies in their chest.
Many patients describe pain behind the eye or in the back of the head and neck.
Many patients describe recurring colds or recurring flu-like illnesses.
Many patients describe the treatment as tingling or a slight snapping sensation.
Many patients describe themselves as addicted to food or at war with food or their bodies.
Many patients described by the authors fit multiple categories.
Many patients develop a fear and mistrust of doctors.
Many patients develop a mild leukocytosis.
Many patients develop a slowly progressive lymphopenia during treatment.
Many patients develop an enterocele after hysterectomy.
Many patients develop edema of the hands and feet.
Many patients develop high blood pressure.
Many patients develop nutritional problems due to the local effects of specific cancers.
Many patients develop pneumonia that is so severe that hospitalization is required.
Many patients develop scar tissue which can lead to more surgery in the future.
Many patients develop scars in one eye only.
Many patients die at home while waiting for a bed.
Many patients die before finding a matched donor.
Many patients die from it.
Many patients die of pneumonia, which is the result of infections.
Many patients disagree.
Many patients discover the mass in association with minor trauma.
Many patients discover they have the diseases only after developing life-threatening complications.
Many patients do experience a pulling sensation near or under their arm after mastectomy.
Many patients do experience the process of being treated as mentally ill as a dehumanising one.
Many patients do find carbonated beverages uncomfortable, from the gas they produce.
Many patients do regain some weight over time, but few regain it all.
Many patients do require additional therapy.
Many patients do well on one teaspoon salt to a pint of water.
Many patients do well with appropriate medications and a general rehabilitation program.
Many patients do well with light therapy.
Many patients do well with lower doses and experience fewer side effects.
Many patients dread the thought of sitting in the dark with a stranger.
Many patients elect to freeze excess pre-embryos for use in future cycles.
Many patients encounter a high degree of stress preceding and during dental procedures.
Many patients end up in and out of the hospital.
Many patients enjoy bleaching at home because it is more convenient.
Many patients enjoy going through old photo albums and talking about happy and enjoyable events.
Many patients enjoy swimming, cycling, running, or other sports.
Many patients enjoy the convenience of purchasing items at their doctor's office.
Many patients enjoy the extra time and attention that nursing students can provide.
Many patients enjoy watching a movie or listening to music during their exam.
Many patients enjoy years of progressive living after developing the disease.
Many patients enter a vegetative state.
Many patients enter chiropractic offices somewhere in the unhealthy category.
Many patients entering opioid substitution therapy programs are homeless.
Many patients even believe the physician orders and actually performs the laboratory tests.
Many patients even choose the extra convenience of sleeping in their lenses.
Many patients even fall asleep during the treatment.
Many patients eventually develop liver failure, necessitating liver transplant.
Many patients eventually suffer severe kidney damage because there is no effective cure.
Many patients exhibit oral apraxia.
Many patients experience a full recovery from their dental problems.
Many patients experience a host of symptoms, all of which can be successfully managed.
Many patients experience a loss of appetite and significant reduction in their weight.
Many patients experience a loss of trust in the physician involved in the mistake.
Many patients experience a marked lack of confidence and feelings of ineptitude.
Many patients experience a rise in blood pressure caused by office visit stress.
Many patients experience a tingliness of the hand when the battery was turned down.
Many patients experience almost no pain at all.
Many patients experience an episode of rejection at one point or another after transplant.
Many patients experience anxiety as they await engraftment.
Many patients experience breast enlargement and tender nipples.
Many patients experience complications of psychiatric disorders along with their addiction problems.
Many patients experience debilitating fatigue and joint pain.
Many patients experience debilitating pain and are unable to stand or walk unaided.
Many patients experience decreases in renal function after antibiotics are ordered.
Many patients experience digestive problems, abdominal pain, and diarrhea.
Many patients experience dramatic results following the first sessions.
Many patients experience frustration when their symptoms fail to occur while being monitored.
Many patients experience hair loss and mouth ulcers.
Many patients experience healing of their chronic wounds in just a few months.
Many patients experience long-term improvement.
Many patients experience malaise, myalgia and sometimes low grade fever.
Many patients experience minor if any symptoms.
Many patients experience mouth and throat sores two to four weeks after transplant.
Many patients experience pain relief after a series of three to five injections.
Many patients experience pain, bruising and scarring as side effects of the surgery.
Many patients experience problems with vertigo after surgery.
Many patients experience results after the first session.
Many patients experience shallow breathing and upper body discomfort.
Many patients experience short-term memory loss after microsurgery for acoustic neuroma.
Many patients experience softer, smoother glowing skin after their first treatment.
Many patients experience some alteration in their food intake during the course of their illness.
Many patients experience some difficulty eating solid foods for several weeks after fundoplication.
Many patients experience some pain for the first day or so after having radial keratotomy.
Many patients experience some relief after the first injection.
Many patients experience the onset of symptoms in adulthood.
Many patients experience tremor - a constant shaking.
Many patients experience vision that is actually better than before they developed cataracts.
Many patients experiencing panic attacks have a family history of similar problems.
Many patients express concern about having packs or gauze in the nose after surgery.
Many patients express euphoric symptoms over simply being diagnosed.
Many patients express the wish to be cared for within their own homes.
Many patients fail to eat and lose weight.
Many patients fail to think of long term issues at the time of pretherapy counseling.
Many patients fall asleep during the examination.
Many patients favor medication over mechanical aids or injections.
Many patients fear injections.
Programmers identify and correct errors and test again.
Programmers immediately begin addressing issues raised in use.
Programmers implement tasks.
Programmers integrate code.
Programmers integrate document, grayscale and color images into applications.
Programmers keep weird hours.
Programmers know about the importance of initialization, but often forget the importance of cleanup.
Programmers know there is plenty of free code to be found in many places.
Programmers learn, their skills improve, they become move valuable to the team and to the company.
Programmers let the computer opponents cheat.
Programmers like to make things difficult.
Programmers like to talk about making systems scalable, or easy to extend.
Programmers like to use arrays because they give uniformly fast access to all their elements.
Programmers listen to customer requests and improve their software products in many ways.
Programmers live in front of their computers, which can have serious consequences for their health.
Programmers look at how other programmers solved a problem.
Programmers looking at source code can only see programming language constructs.
Programmers love large high resolution screens.
Programmers love the staying power.
Programmers love to argue about which language is best.
Programmers love to do that sort of stuff.
Programmers maintain and update systems that disburse billions of dollars across the state.
Programmers make extensive use of very specific features, but completely ignore widely used ones.
Programmers make it available through on-line bulletin boards and user groups.
Programmers make it possible for net artists to realize projects online.
Programmers make mistakes like that too.
Programmers make shitty lawyers.
Programmers make their living by the programs they sell.
Programmers manage their own time.
Programmers meet it daily when they try to pass parameters from one module to another.
Programmers now labor to simulate such tools and toys on the computer, but with mixed results.
Programmers operate under time constants and competing priorities.
Programmers perform most of the work involved in designing and creating new software.
Programmers play eclectic world, jazz, blues, folk, classical, etc.
Programmers pose a major control risk.
Programmers post blind resumes which protect their identity.
Programmers prefer overview style courses with multiple topics.
Programmers prefer polynomial regression, because it is so much easier to program.
Programmers produce a released version.
Programmers produce the system as specified in the prototype Testcases.
Programmers programming in a vacuum is a recipe for rework.
Programmers protest with code .
Programmers receive salaries because of the operational value of the software they produce.
Programmers require training in the use of software and the creation of applications.
Programmers resist change.
Programmers respond with proposals for the projects they want to take.
Programmers revise code all the time for all sorts of problems.
Programmers routinely design large and complex systems from scratch.
Programmers say a method when they mean go and execute the instructions for the method.
Programmers seek solutions to making software more reliable and closer to what the users want.
Programmers seek solutions to making software more reliable and closer to what users want.
Programmers seem to be changing the world.
Programmers seem to find line coverage tools easiest to understand.
Programmers shift their thinking to the level they are dealing with.
Programmers simply choose bar code characteristics such as format, dimension and check sum.
Programmers sit writing code.
Programmers sitting at a member record do an obtain owner, thinking there are owner pointers.
Programmers speak about their software all the time.
Programmers spend a lot of time boiling down, filtering and making data dull enough for management.
Programmers spend a lot of time editing text.
Programmers spend considerable amounts of their program development time debugging.
Programmers spend considerable time debugging code.
Programmers spend many hours focused on the code they write.
Programmers starve or leave the field.
Programmers stick to unit and general testing of modules only.
Programmers still have to contend with a lot of low-level details.
Programmers suffer low return for effort.
Programmers talk about their ideas here.
Programmers talk to computers in special languages.
Programmers tend to adopt coding strategies that vary depending on the specifics of their coding.
Programmers tend to be individualists.
Programmers tend to consider the first letter of each top menu.
Programmers tend to follow the cool stuff, and simulators are cool things.
Programmers tend to overlook simple errors like spelling and grammar.
Programmers tend to repeat their mistakes.
Programmers tend to spend a lot of time testing and debugging their programs.
Programmers think of a bit as the smallest addressable unit of memory.
Programmers thrive on user feedback.
Programmers thus can continue to program within the context of a familiar model.
Programmers thus tend to communicate with the serial card directly.
Programmers type away all day in their rabbit-warren offices.
Programmers typically ignore such flags.
Programmers typically underestimate the time it takes to complete a software project.
Programmers understand programming.
Programmers update their estimates based on the amount of work they've done in release cycle.
Programmers use a variety of languages in their daily work, and new languages appear frequently.
Programmers use CGI to customize information on a site for individual users.
Programmers use data queues to exchange data with the serial devices.
Programmers use DLLs in order to provide code that they can reuse and to parcel out distinct jobs.
Programmers use pointers because they make the code slightly more efficient.
Programmers Use Slices when Debugging .
Programmers Use Slices When Debugging .
Programmers use slices when debugging.
Programmers Use Slices When Debugging.
Programmers use specific strings of numbers to indicate the stopping point and commands.
Programmers use the specification in order to guide the programming process.
Programmers use three methods to run software from one operating system within another one.
Programmers view pair analysis and design as more critical than pair implementation.
Programmers work extensive hours and deal with many details and frustrations.
Programmers work in pairs, so that they can explain to each other what they're doing.
Programmers work in teams to develop products.
Programmers work with classes.
Programmers work with systems analysts that study the operation and outcome of a computer program.
Programmers write a lot of source code.
Programmers write a program to specifications.
Programmers write code.
Programmers write instructions for the computer in a language it can read.
Programmers write programs according to the specifications determined by systems analysts .
Programmers write programs in a form called source code.
Programmers write the code.
Programmers write the game and release it as a ROM image.
Programmers write the software needed for any new computer system or application.
Programmers write their code with a particular API in mind.
Programmers write unit tests minute by minute.
Programmers write unit tests.
Programmers always do design.
Programmers always think that artists are a commodity.
Programmers frequently find themselves redoing poorly prepared or incomplete design specifications.
Programmers frequently transfer to other occupations, such as systems analyst or manager.
Programmers often combine many callable routines into one com- pilable file.
Programmers often create easter eggs as a way of signing their work.
Programmers often do speak a language seemingly all their own.
Programmers often draw pictures to help keep track of what values are in what information holders.
Programmers often feel that their work is entirely creative.
Programmers often find themselves at odds with their own management.
Programmers often find themselves looking for more glyphs.
Programmers often have the same problem.
Programmers often have to unmanage specific buttons or change a command button's label.
Programmers often make a distinction between compile time and run time .
Programmers often start each program writing code from scratch.
Programmers often try to write specs which look like dense academic papers.
Programmers often use forums to solve problems.
Programmers often work in teams, and other teams test the programmers' work.
Programmers sometimes search for certain words in comments.
Programmers sometimes work in teams when there is a large project.
Programmers usually have detailed knowledge about the algorithms they implement.
Programmers usually specialize in one or two languages.
Programmers usually start designing a program by dividing the problem into easily managed sections.
All programmers are familiar with writing sequential programs.
All programmers are happy.
All programmers are optimists.
All programmers are playwrights and all computers are lousy actors.
All programmers are suspicious of computer documentation.
All programmers are volunteers.
All programmers can benefit from looking at large, real-world examples.
All programmers have a responsibility to think about their code.
All programmers invest time, money, and thought in choosing their mainstay development tools.
All programmers know how easily it can happen.
All programmers know the frustration of trying to get a program to work accordig to specification.
All programmers make errors.
All programmers pay homage to fractals eventually.
All programmers think that their programs are easy to use.
All programmers use compilers.
All programmers work closely with the systems analysts who design the programs that they create.
Any programmer can create a translator.
Any programmer can look at the code and change it to fix bugs or add features.
Any programmer loves a chance to build a new project from the ground up.
Any programmer needs an editor to type in sourcecode.
Any programmers using the API even from notepad achieves thread-safety.
Every programmer can write just one educational software program for for free.
Every programmer collects a personal bag of programming tricks.
Every programmer has a favorite application.
Every programmer has a favorite language.
Every programmer has their own way of doing things.
Every programmer has to do it.
Every programmer has to keep sight of the lighter side of life.
Every programmer improves any code anywhere in the system at any time if they see the opportunity.
Every programmer is responsible for testing their own programs while they are coding.
Every programmer knows what happens when a master record in the database is accidentally erased.
Many programmers allocate fixed-size string buffers.
Many programmers are amateurs.
Many programmers are familiar with window builders and their limitations.
Many programmers are inadequately prepared to think thro social implications of their coding work.
Many programmers are quite comfortable with the idea of assigning variables directly.
Many programmers are subject to the whims of their government or of profit-driven station owners.
Many programmers are unhappy about the commercialization of system software.
Many programmers choose to record the drums step by step on the sequencer when composing.
Many programmers consider themselves, rightly, to be scientists.
Many programmers create applications which they distribute freely for anyone to use without cost.
Many programmers develop packaged software.
Many programmers have the attitude that simplicity equals saving as many keystrokes as possible.
Many programmers hoard their source code.
Many programmers improve the efficiency of their code by eliminating redundant checks.
Many programmers just use their database's default transaction isolation level.
Many programmers like to place all of their painting code in one location.
Many programmers like to view the documentation online simply by klicking their mouse buttons.
Many programmers neglect studying the use of English while learning their own discipline.
Many programmers now have to think in multi-threaded mode as a matter of course.
Many programmers offer freeware as a contribution to the Internet community.
Many programmers prefer the interface of the printf function.
Many programmers recommend that all functions be prototyped.
Many programmers reset that value to four.
Many programmers specialize in a single language and specialty area.
Many programmers spend years maintaining a single program.
Many programmers think it is bad to use 'goto' statements.
Many programmers use tar files to archive whole directories.
Many programmers use the convention of having all uppercase letters in constant identifiers.
Many programmers use whatever tools are present and accept the level of information they provide.
Many programmers write logic diagrams before they start programming.
Many programmers write the program so that it does what it is meant to do.
Most programmers are at at least passingly famiIiar with the data structure known as a binary tree.
Most programmers are familiar with pushbuttons.
Most programmers are idealists.
Most programmers are unaware of macros.
Most programmers are very good writers and speak well.
Most programmers avoid defining un-typed objects unless it's really useful.
Most programmers can be successful reviewers with little additional training.
Most programmers develop their programs in message passing style.
Most programmers expect that insertion and testing for emptiness are constant time operations.
Most programmers fail to provide any detailed actions.
Most programmers give away source code.
Most programmers know about the grep tool and use it for simple searching.
Most programmers know all too well what code reviews are.
Most programmers locate the data declarations at the begining of the program.
Most programmers make several charts before they begin the actual coding.
Most programmers run functional tests when debugging their programs rather than unit tests.
Most programmers shy away from learning anything new.
Most programmers spend some of their spare time on personal software projects.
Most programmers think in the present and past while ignoring the future.
Most programmers use it or something like it to develop projects.
Most programmers write code that does what they intend, and that is good.
Most programmers write code that makes assumptions about various things that can happen.
Some programmers advocate wrapping exceptions within one another.
Some programmers are famous because their software is used by many people .
Some programmers are famous because their software is used by many people.
Some programmers are less interested in money and more interested in independence.
Some programmers are more protective of their work than others.
Some programmers are reticent to deal with it.
Some programmers claim that the ternary operator is useful.
Some programmers claim there are coding tricks to getting noticed by the search engines.
Some programmers consider required type declarations to be syntactic salt.
Some programmers develop a 'subsystem classification'.
Some programmers find it simpler to forgo automatic instantiation altogether in libraries.
Some programmers give away their programs.
Some programmers have the gift of being able to use music properly.
Some programmers have trouble thinking of article ideas.
Some programmers make it their home page because they use it for reference all the time.
Some programmers object to pair programming without ever trying it.
Some programmers prefer to seperate the lines like that on long output statements.
Some programmers produce source code that is clear and easy to follow.
Some programmers read source more easily than documentation.
Some programmers start by discovering the necessary classes, their properties and behaviors.
Some programmers take a more macho view regarding reuse.
Some programmers work for companies that use the free software to gain a competitive advantage.
Some programmers work on a temporary basis to create programs for special projects.
Programming blocks are groups of television programs that are played one after the other .
Programming blocks are groups of television programs that are played one after the other.
Programming bugs are generally mistakes in computer instructions that cause erroneous results.
Programming code can be unbelievably complex.
All programming code is delivered in source format, therefore it is editable.
Programming environment allows graphical examination and manipulation of compositional data.
A programming error is a computer error
Programming error crashes spacecraft .
Programming errors appear during some screen dialogues.
Programming interface is automatic and transparent to the operator or programmer.
Programming language constructs, their syntax and semantics.
Programming language constructs.
Programming language is artificial language
Programming language is computer language.
Programming language is recorded in system requirements.
Programming language is reviewed.
Programming languages allow people to express their ideas as software perhaps a little bit easier.
Programming languages approach.
Programming languages are a central tool for the computer scientist.
Programming languages are a surprisingly slow-moving field.
Programming languages are a vehicle for that experimentation.
Programming languages are an obvious example of formal systems.
Programming languages are best method of communicating for programmers of different countries.
Programming languages are complex.
Programming languages are exactly like spoken languages.
Programming Languages Are for People.
Programming languages are fundamental tools for computer scientists.
Programming languages are generally a lot more powerful and a lot faster than scripting languages.
Programming languages are how people talk to computers.
Programming languages are more powerful and capable of expressing abstraction better.
Programming languages are more similar to each other than are natural languages, however.
Programming languages are powerful tools for building scientific applications.
Programming languages are really just vehicles to supply abstractions to programmers.
Programming languages are rigorous but incomplete approximations of the language of mathematics.
Programming languages are so incredibly complex relative to the programs they are used to express.
Programming languages are the material from which every software product is built.
Programming languages are the most important tool at a programmer's disposal.
Programming languages are the primary tools of the software professional.
Programming languages are the programmer's tools.
Programming languages are 'Turing-complete', or 'computable'.
Programming languages are used to make all computer programs and computer software .
Programming languages are used to make all computer programs and computer software.
Programming languages change, too.
Programming languages come and go - the database lasts forever.
Programming Languages Consider a simple algorithm for testing primality.
Programming languages contain detailed lists of instructions for a computer to perform.
Programming languages continue to develop at a rapid pace.
Programming languages count as a language.
Programming languages derive much of their power from the use of variables.
Programming languages differ in the range of types of objects they can refer to.
Programming languages differ only by features and ease of programming.
Programming languages evolve very fast as well.
Programming languages have a very strict syntax.
Programming languages have typical introductory examples that are given as a brief description.
Programming languages have visibility rules which make representations observable and modifiable.
Programming languages incorporate several important ideas.
Programming languages matter when considering software maintenance.
Programming languages matter.
Programming languages provide an obvious example of languages with multiple models.
Programming Languages Select a textbook from the following list.
Programming languages tell the computer how to process things.
Programming languages use random number generators.
All programming languages are artificial.
All programming languages are available.
All programming languages are formal languages.
All programming languages have a global namespace.
All programming languages have a syntax and a semantics .
All programming languages have functions.
All programming languages have rules and ASPs are no exception.
All programming languages have some form of an if statement that tests conditions.
All programming languages have strengths and weaknesses.
Any programming language is a series of instructions for the computer.
Any programming language is highly technical with accuracy and precision imperative.
Every programming language handles variables differently.
Every programming language has at least one way to make comments.
Every programming language needs a looping construct of some sort.
Every programming language needs a processor to run or execute the code.
Many programming languages are procedural-based where the code is run in a sequential manner.
Many programming languages provide standard tools to assess the general quality of the code.
Many programming languages support currying directly.
Many programming languages support customized formatting of such files.
Many programming languages use or support regular expressions.
Many programming languages use punctuation just like a normal language .
Many programming languages use punctuation just like a normal language.
Most programming languages call mutable data objects variables.
Most programming languages do rely upon at least some dynamic type checking.
Most programming languages get along fine never allowing a type to change while values change often.
Most programming languages have a built-in integer data type.
Most programming languages have nerdy names and no logo and no branding.
Most programming languages have some indentation convention.
Most programming languages make a sharp distinction between programs and data.
Most programming languages provide a way to convert individual characters to integers.
Most programming languages provide some support for data abstraction.
Most programming languages require a variable to be declared before it can be used.
Most programming languages require learning the syntax of many different kinds of statements.
Most programming languages support data types like characters and integers.
Most programming languages support several forms of loops.
Most programming languages use similar positional grammatical cues.
Some programming languages are better for different needs.
Some programming languages define additional characters as white space.
Some programming languages have more specific meanings for the term.
Some programming languages have two or more standards .
Some programming languages have two or more standards.
Some programming languages manage to absorb change but withstand progress.
Some programming languages manage to absorb change, but withstand progress.
Some programming languages provide a facility for including other source files.
Some programming languages require initializations to accompany variable declarations.
Some programming languages supports a number of predefined operations that can be applied to arrays.
Programming methodology deals with the analysis, design and implementation of programs.
Most programming packages come with a librarian that manages groups of object modules.
Programming paradigms describe the core concepts or methods that are used in a programming language.
Programming services are allowable expenditures.
Programming services deliver working code modules, system documentation and implementation support.
All programming services are subject to the availability of satellite resources.
Many programming services provide lesson plans to support their programming.
Programming style is introduced through pseudocode.
Programming style varies from hacking to careful software engineering .
Programming systems can have extremely simple interfaces.
Programming addressing sexual assault issues takes place throughout the year.
Programming addressing the unique concerns and issues of women with children is available.
Programming allows people and computers to communicate more easily.
Programming allows respondents to proceed only if they give valid answers to each question.
Programming allows students to participate in a variety of seminars and workshops.
Programming also corresponds to national health observances and recognition days.
Programming also covers areas of space and community interests.
Programming also helps the community develop.
Programming also includes live extended coverage from a number of civic events.
Programming also includes multi-cultural bridge building and leadership development.
Programming also requires specialization, e.g. going into the code to customize part of it.
Programming also works with various production companies to sponsor concert events.
Programming are activities.
Programming are lifestyle.
Programming are located in television.
Programming are work.
Programming becomes a strong component of design process.
Programming begins very slowly today on the new game.
Programming begins with the addition of recreational staff person.
Programming can actually pull families apart.
Programming can be a social activity.
Programming can be an area of application for ordinary school mathematics, too.
Programming can be as easy as child's play.
Programming can be both very rewarding and very frustrating.
Programming can be enjoyable, but it takes patience, ingenuity and forethought.
Programming can be fairly relaxing, while writing is hard work.
Programming can be for a renovation or a new facility.
Programming can be important in creating a dynamic website.
Programming can be very time-consuming.
Programming can come from many other sources as well.
Programming can originate from prerecorded sources or satellite downlink .
Programming can turn Web sites from simple static billboards into two-way streets for communication.
Programming comes from a variety of sources, but most is created by community members.
Programming consists in removing connections .
Programming consists in removing connections.
Programming consists of a film series and sneak previews.
Programming consists of designing a set of objects that somehow model the problem at hand.
Programming consists of entering the driver data, setting up schedules, defining holidays, etc.
Programming consists of lectures, performing arts, comedy, music, novelty acts and trips.
Programming consists of worship, devotions, classes and outreach opportunities.
Programming continues to be limited due to a lack of funding and staff.
Programming continues to be the number one concern of student staff members.
Programming covers a variety of disciplines, topics, and issues.
Programming covers all academic disciplines and issues.
Programming covers all disciplines and issues.
Programming covers economic and social issues as well as environmental and development topics.
Programming covers local sports, selectmen's meetings, and committee meetings.
Programming deglamorizes harmful, illegal or discriminatory behavior and stereotyping.
Programming depends heavily on foreign series and movies.
Programming distributed computer systems is still a difficult organizational problem.
Programming does , however, require care and craftsmanship, like carpentry or metalworking.
Programming Does Everything.
Programming emphasizes the acquisition and performance of a variety of coping and social skills.
Programming exercises in a simulation language.
Programming exercises to allow the students to put their knowledge into practice.
Programming exercises using a procedural language.
Programming extends across racial and cultural lines.
Programming facilitates the interactions between people.
Programming features plenary, executive, clinical and social work sessions.
Programming features the finest in contemporary rock, pop and jazz.
Programming Find out more about our various programs for children.
Programming Find out what computer programming is all about.
Programming fits into all aspects of our work.
Programming focuses on contemporary work, cultural specificity, and special projects.
Programming focuses on healthy eating, exercise and the promotion of a well-balanced lifestyle.
Programming focuses on issues appealing to the interests of a wide range of practitioners.
Programming focuses on nation's people, performances, and perspectives.
Programming focuses on public interactive meetings featuring high-energy learning activities.
Programming follows precise objectives adapted to children's age groups and learning capabilities.
Programming has a new survey up.
Programming has a number of specialties.
Programming has a strong influence on beliefs and attitudes.
Programming has a wide age appeal.
Programming has an irresistible fascination for some people, usually the people who are best at it.
Programming has different effects in males and females .
Programming Here is a list of popular programming books.
Programming ideas Administrative problems to highlight just a few topics.
Programming includes a combination of music, praise, short talks, and drama.
Programming includes a full range of educational and social activities.
Programming includes a preview and the Republican response.
Programming includes aerobics, walking, spinning, and fitness education.
Programming includes American situation comedies, professional sports, and educational broadcasting.
Programming includes at least one major work for women's voices each year.
Programming includes children's theatre as well as a wide variety of performing arts.
Programming includes classes for area high school students and open-studio drawing sessions.
Programming includes classical and folk music, poetry and drama.
Programming includes competitive priced packages and premium movie channels.
Programming includes conflict resolution, controlling anger and behavior modification.
Programming includes continuing education for adults.
Programming includes entertainment, with some educational and news .
Programming includes exercise, health, bridge, videos, women's group and guest lectures.
Programming includes exhibits, demonstrations, performances, and workshops.
Programming includes featured travelling and indigenous exhibits in addition to continuous displays.
Programming includes field trips, social activities and social action programming.
Programming includes gym activities, craft projects, special guests and seasonal events.
Programming includes individual and group support, and a mentorship program.
Programming includes individual tutoring, mentoring, field trips and special guests.
Programming includes intensive group counseling and peer support networks.
Programming includes international sport, classic movies, documentaries and children s programmes.
Programming includes international sport, classic movies, documentaries and childrens programmes.
Programming includes interviews, special reports and music from the Middle East, Africa and Europe.
Programming includes learning how to operate programming board plus general studio help.
Programming includes local news and sports.
Programming includes local, regional and national newspapers.
Programming includes movies, network news, sports events, children's and educational programs.
Programming includes music, preaching, teaching, talk, information, and entertainment.
Programming includes news, sports, movies, music and general entertainment programs.
Programming includes news, sports, songs, interviews from Israel.
Programming includes original commentary and broadcasts of live events.
Programming includes presentations on public and private sector fund-raising and project management.
Programming includes recreational and disability learning activities and fun.
Programming includes segments from the masters of classical music and their most well known pieces.
Programming includes summer camps, summer playground programs and year-round activities.
Programming includes the following French content.
Programming includes therapy, academics, and recreational activities.
Programming includes tours, games, a video and meals.
Programming includes visiting fellows, civic education and guest speakers.
Programming includes westerns, children's shows, dramas, sitcoms and movies.
Programming includes Youth Activity, Social and cultural events, parenting classes, sports and more.
Programming includes youth and children's features along with Bible teaching.
Programming increasingly is directed to continuing professional legal education.
Programming indeed tends to change as the evening progresses.
Programming initiated by single button press, and LED status shows result.
Programming involves acquiring and applying concepts.
Programming involves several different structural changes in important organs .
Programming involves structural changes to important organs.
Programming involves teaching youth to set up their own business.
Programming involves the preparation and writing of detailed instructions for a computer.
Programming involves using software called a development environment.
Programming is a bit-level operation.
Programming is a breeze with virtually unlimited program options to choose from.
Programming is a combination of art and science.
Programming is a common entry point for people starting out in the computer science field.
Programming is a common skill.
Programming is a complex process, and since it is done by human beings, it often leads to errors.
Programming is a constant learning process.
Programming is a constantly evolving discipline.
Programming is a creative process, one which requires a multiplicity of skills and talents.
Programming is a detailed, often tedious, process of analysis and design.
Programming is a difficult task, learned over months and years.
Programming is a great example of that.
Programming is a hobby to some and a profession to others.
Programming is a human activity.
Programming is a human endeavor, an artistic one, like writing or music.
Programming is a journey, and one's appreciation of a journey is enhanced by a fine companion.
Programming is a knowledge activity.
Programming is a major interest.
Programming is a mathematical activity''.
Programming is a mix of adventure, fun and worship.
Programming is a mix of adventure, fun, learning, and worship.
Programming is a practical skill which is important to attain.
Programming is a process frought with frustration and errors.
Programming is a process that follows the general guide of the software life cycle.
Programming is a profession, just like welding or accounting or dentistry.
Programming is a snap using the interactive debugger and multitasking executive.
Programming is a snap.
Programming is a state of mind - languages are simply tools.
Programming is a strange mix of art and science.
Programming is a tough job.
Programming is a trial and error process.
Programming is a very important aspect of library service.
Programming is a well paid field.
Programming is a winter diversion.
Programming is a young profession.
Programming is about creating fairly complex constructs, from very simple instructions.
Programming is about problem solving.
Programming is about solving hard problems.
Programming is about the same thing.
Programming is accomplished by using two multi-position rotary switches.
Programming is accomplished via the built-in keyboard.
Programming is accomplished with the access language.
Programming is achieved by manually positioning the required motors and recording to a cue.
Programming is adapted to age groups and to children's capabilities, espousing specific objectives.
Programming is all about searching for fundamental truths.
Programming is all young adult-oriented.
Programming is also available for a child's classmates as well.
Programming is also available for school age children during the summer.
Programming is also available in multiple languages.
Programming is also available in Spanish.
Programming is also difficult.
Programming is also easy, as illustrated in the examples below .
Programming is also on agenda.
Programming is also particularly fast and flexible.
Programming is always the last thing to come into a project.
Programming is always trendy.
Programming is an act of creation, as are mechanical invention and the arts.
Programming is an art and it incorporates a lot of mental strain.
Programming is an art form that fights back.
Programming is an art of it's own.
Programming is an art which requires constant learning, curiosity, and creativity.
Programming is an art, science, craft, and more.
Programming is an art.
Programming is an exciting way to share and experience new activities.
Programming is an exercise in human frailty.
Programming is an expert's job and requires concentration and dedication.
Programming is an important activity in all the areas described above.
Programming is an important function for the friends group.
Programming is an important part of a vibrant temple life.
Programming is an important part, initial analysis of the structure.
Programming is an important support for the Hispanic student on any college campus.
Programming is an interactive learning experience which requires active participation.
Programming is an involved process.
Programming is an unnatural act.
Programming is another area as mentioned above.
Programming is another important area of classroom life.
Programming is another problem.
Programming is another source of error.
Programming is another way to satisfy that requirement.
Programming is as diverse as membership.
Programming is as hard as good marketing strategy.
Programming is available at additional charge.
Programming is available for residential use located in the continental United States.
Programming is available for single-family dwellings located in the continental United States.
Programming is available for students of all ages.
Programming is available on all.
Programming is available through live formats, self-study options, and online coursework.
Programming is available throughout the year.
Programming is available to non-commercial stations at a reasonable monthly rate.
Programming is available year round with weekly topic and location coverage.
Programming is available.
Programming is based on competition for ratings.
Programming is based upon a child-directed curriculum and age appropriate play activities.
Programming is big business.
Programming is bilingual has local news and events.
Programming is both a science and an art.
Programming is both fun and frustrating and there is no substitute for practice.
Programming is by display phone, only.
Programming is by user friendly function block or ladder logic all self documenting.
Programming is centered around the residents' interests.
Programming is centered in play areas which are located on inpatient and outpatient units.
Programming is centered on public affairs, the humanities, science, health, and the arts.
Programming is complete.
Programming is completed.
Programming is computer-intensive and requires several hours during to week.
Programming is confined to an elite class of programmers.
Programming is considered an integral part of public library service.
Programming is continuous and year-round.
Programming is critical and a programming error can result in a part damaged beyond repair.
Programming is definitely a skill that improves dramatically over time.
Programming is designed around current exhibitions.
Programming is designed for the rank and file, local leadership and international union staff.
Programming is designed to celebrate the inspiration of the night sky through the arts and sciences.
Programming is designed to increase awareness of diversity issues in an entertainment venue.
Programming is determined by member input and participation.
Programming is developed with educators.
Programming is directed toward more community involvement in a least restrictive environment.
Programming is directed towards modern aspects of biotechnology and industrial microbiology.
Programming is distributed in daily themed blocks.
Programming is distributed through closed-circuit or satellite.
Programming is diverse, appealing on different night to different tastes.
Programming is diversified to serve many audiences having varied objectives and interests.
Programming is done by a seven-person freelance shop down the street from the bank's headquarters.
Programming is done by opening the coin box and flipping a slide switch into the up position.
Programming is done conveniently though intuitive menus on the remote itself, no PC required.
Programming is done in an illustrative data base language.
Programming is done in machine and assembly language.
Programming is done in-house.
Programming is done is a fraction of the time.
Programming is done on a PC or on the logger itself.
Programming is done on a time-sharing system.
Programming is done on Windows-based PCs, with one person per machine.
Programming is done right on the keypad.
Programming is done using three settings for each part of the program.
Programming is done via an interface using drop down menus and radio buttons.
Programming is done via the software interface.
Programming is done with a four-line keypad display.
Programming is done with a key pad.
Programming is done with a keyboard.
Programming is dynamic.
Programming is easy.
Programming is endowed with a multitude of languages.
Programming is erased by test procedures.
Programming is especially important for children.
Programming is every bit as fun as proving, in fact it beats it.
Programming is evil.
Programming is exactly like the Proteus except there is a filter and portamento.
Programming is extensive and offers many features to customize setup.
Programming is facilitated by treatment teams composed of staff trained in a variety of disciplines.
Programming is fine as a hobby, just as crossword puzzles can be fun.
Programming is free for customers.
Programming is frighteningly easy.
Programming is fully upgradeable and can be modified for special applications.
Programming is fun again, and free software is a big reason why.
Programming is fun but takes time, and that takes time away from playing here.
Programming is fun.
Programming is fundamental to exploring the creative possibilities of interactive multimedia.
Programming is geared to support adult learners make a smooth transition to campus.
Programming is generally a life-long experience.
Programming is good and includes news and various magazine-style shows.
Programming is good for that.
Programming is good training in the scientific method.
Programming is hard and expensive.
Programming is hard for kids.
Programming is however usually an exception.
Programming is identical and it transmits supervisory, tamper, alarm, and restore signals.
Programming is implemented by a director and several student assistants.
Programming is important to the library.
Programming is in basic language with calls to assemble language routines where speed is critical.
Programming is in both the English and Spanish.
Programming is in fact quite difficult.
Programming is influenced by the viewers for the viewers.
Programming is initiated by the resident assistants, hall directors, and residents.
Programming is just like a computer program.
Programming is just one part of the professional software development lifecycle.
Programming is just the process of writing a computer program that performs some specified task.
Programming is less expensive if a package is ordered.
Programming is like cooking.
Programming is like creating universes.
Programming is like pinball.
Programming is like riding horses.
Programming is like sex.
Programming is local in addition to one regional event per year.
Programming is mainly from the baroque and classical repertoire, with the emphasis on Czech music.
Programming is menu driven and very intuitive.
Programming is merely one aspect.
Programming is more of an art form than a science.
Programming is more of an art than a science.
Programming is more than just writing code.
Programming is mostly music and definitely different.
Programming is much harder than that.
Programming is much more involved than HTML and requires much more training.
Programming is never easy and requires a great deal of thought and work.
Programming is no different.
Programming is no less an artform than painting is a technical process.
Programming is no nuclear science.
Programming is no problem either.
Programming is nothing but data structures, control structures, and experience.
Programming is nothing complex, it's just a way of establishing yes and no answers.
Programming is now at an advanced stage with site launch planned for later in the summer.
Programming is now continuous.
Programming is of wide variety and broadcast is in Cebuano and English.
Programming is offered before and after school and all day during the summer.
Programming is offered in a distance learning as well as classroom format.
Programming is offered in both classroom and distance learning formats.
Programming is one of most creative task in the modern world.
Programming is one of several reasons for their participation.
Programming is one thing.
Programming is only a means toward a greater end.
Programming is only one part of computer science, but it is the most basic and most central part.
Programming is organized around two major strategies.
Programming is organized by the GPSS Treasurer.
Programming is part art, part science.
Programming is password protected.
Programming is pending.
Programming is perhaps the division's most important member service and revenue source.
Programming is planned by the administration.
Programming is possible throughout Namibia and South Africa.
Programming is possible throughout the country, including the Atlantic coast.
Programming is possible throughout the country, including the highlands.
Programming is possible throughout the country.
Programming is primarily an act of communication.
Programming is primarily in Mandarin, but includes Cantonese and regular newscasts in English.
Programming is primarily in Mandarin, but includes regular newscasts in English.
Programming is primarily in Spanish.
Programming is problem solving rather than an observational discipline.
Programming is problem-solving intensive.
Programming is produced in-house and can be updated within minutes.
Programming is provided by a team of trained professionals and is supervised by a neuropsychologist.
Programming is provided by external companies.
Programming is provided by sixty to seventy volunteer DJs.
Programming is provided for everyone from the seasoned astronomer to the beginning novice.
Programming is provided in the areas of nutrition, cow comfort, and production record analysis.
Programming is provided through thematic units.
Programming is provided throughout the year.
Programming is quite time-consuming and can be frustrating.
Programming is really easy.
Programming is really picky.
Programming is recorded onto a PC computer hard drive.
Programming is reduced, but continues to focus on enrichment activities.
Programming is regarded as the work of specialists.
Programming is relatively simple and inexpensive to create such a web site.
Programming is required in implementation of concepts.
Programming is required to conditionally deliver user's choice at run time.
Programming is required to merge the visualization with the numerical solver.
Programming is required.
Programming is same for each session.
Programming is scheduled bimonthly.
Programming is scheduled seven days a week with KEY staff members' oversight.
Programming is scheduled throughout the year during evenings and weekends.
Programming is selected at time of installation.
Programming is sent from the engineering room to the machines.
Programming is sexy.
Programming is similar to an intrensive outpatient treatment program provided five days per week.
Programming is simple and is accomplished with only three keys.
Programming is simple as well.
Programming is simple to do, using a few buttons on the panel.
Programming is simple.
Programming is simplicity in itself being very visual in nature.
Programming is simply problem-solving.
Programming is simply the hook to hold an audience until the next commercial.
Programming is slightly more difficult, but greater flexibility is available.
Programming is sought in the areas of fine art, multi-media, dance, theater, music and stage.
Programming is still a tinkery art.
Programming is still open.
Programming is still underway and the company is writing a plan to obtain financing.
Programming is still very labor intensive, and frequently requires great skill.
Programming is stored in advanced EE PROM, so no back-up batteries are necessary.
Programming is streamed live on the internet.
Programming is streamed on web site.
Programming is structural as it is in spreadsheets.
Programming is subject to change without notice.
Programming is subject to change.
Programming is switched to the next convertor in the unit by a double press of the Store key.
Programming is taught via an extensive set of programming examples using online datasets .
Programming is that easy.
Programming is the ability to implement algorithms in a programming language.
Programming is the act of creating a program.
Programming is the area in which many IT and computer professionals find their first jobs.
Programming is the art and science of creating computer programs.
Programming is the art of making life difficult for the debugger.
Programming is the art of teaching procedures to a computer.
Programming is the basic requirement for UNIX system adminstrator.
Programming is the challenge.
Programming is the driving force behind the successful implementation of financial support.
Programming is the essence of computing science.
Programming is the glue that ties everything together.
Programming is the Great Game.
Programming is the heart of the recreation and leisure services profession.
Programming is the major problem most satellite owners have in properly using their equipment.
Programming is the new writing.
Programming is the perk.
Programming is the process of designing algorithms whose intended executor is the computer.
Programming is the process of writing instructions that tell a computer how to perform a task.
Programming is the same for each session.
Programming is the same way.
Programming is the way the content or signal is manipulated to convert into useful information.
Programming is time consuming and is very difficult to do at the last minute.
Programming is to be progressive.
Programming is to concrete as design is to forms for pouring concrete.
Programming is to make command that a computer follows to perform.
Programming is top of the line, with thoughtful help and dialogue boxes and widely varied terrain.
Programming is tough work, but someone's got to do it.
Programming is transferred.
Programming is unavoidable.
Programming is varied and flexible.
Programming is varied and includes music, sports, and special interest shows.
Programming is varied and includes music, sports, and special-interest shows.
Programming is very easy, and user friendly.
Programming is very heavy in news, a little in prime time, and some sports.
Programming is very helpful.
Programming is very important to consumers.
Programming is very important to the consumer.
Programming is very much a matter of style and subject to differences in personal opinion.
Programming is very similiar.
Programming is very simple and the set-up buttons are securely hidden away.
Programming is very simple.
Programming is very thought-intensive, requiring long periods of intense concentration.
Programming is very, very important.
Programming is via a cross assemble with download from a host computer.
Programming is virtually extinct.
Programming is what a programmer does to create a program.
Programming is what makes that happen.
Programming is worthless if there is no transfer of what has been learnt to life.
Programming is, for the most part, invisible to our clients.
Programming is, in general, the art of solving problems.
Programming is, well, programming.
Programming Learn how pay for performance works.
Programming Look no further.
Programming makes instant believers in the fact that one error can result in disaster.
Programming makes that happen.
Programming needs Please see below for the list of schools.
Programming needs to cut across the actual residences, to build the feeling of community.
Programming occurs in all nine subject areas in the discipline of computing.
Programming offers low cost opportunities to learn, visit new places and meet new people.
Programming overhead varies with computer speed.
Programming plays a vital role in the life and future of a public garden.
Programming Prgramming in the Albany Residence Hall is based on all areas of wellness.
Programming Promote a healthy body image and healthy behaviours in all aspects of the program.
Programming provides local, regional, and national weather conditions.
Programming provides students with an alternative means of expression that is precise and compact.
Programming qubits Get the latest stock information .
Programming ranges from financial news shows to interviews with the world's newsmakers.
Programming reflects the diversity of people, causes and issnes found on our island.
Programming reflects the needs, interests, and abilities of children.
Programming related to the needs of the residents is provided.
Programming represents a broad spectrum of arts and humanities.
Programming represents the entire spectrum of activities and interests.
Programming requires a higher level of expertise that is much harder to find than a web designer.
Programming requires both problem-solving skills and people skills.
Programming requires care and craftsmanship, like carpentry or metalworking.
Programming requires concentration and periods when the programmer can be free from distractions.
Programming requires concentration.
Programming requires focus of thought and energy.
Programming requires good code structuring.
Programming requires long periods of intense concentration.
Programming requires placing it into a special PROM programmer.
Programming rightly begins to address the needs of their wider communities.
Programming Seek professional help.
Programming seems to be constantly changing.
Programming skills a plus.
Programming starts at noon.
Programming starts with public announcements and advertising.
Programming tags Miscellaneous tags that are useful for programmers and advanced RXML users.
Programming takes careful planning.
Programming takes only a few seconds.
Programming takes time and patience, and sometimes a bit of help.
Programming translates the raw text into a web interface for ease of use.
Programming turns the conventional software process sideways.
Programming using shared-memory constructs can be simpler than message passing.
Programming varies seasonally, and includes activities the entire family can enjoy.
Programming varies with each school term.
Programming varies, but typically concentrates on career development and chapter management.
Programming Visually Create a new object with a click of the mouse.
Programming Write a piece of code or pseudo-code to compute a certain thing.
Programming Write the program with an editor.
Programming often has different effects in males and females.
Programming often includes works by American composers.
Programming sometimes occurs with other floors or halls.
All programming can be delivers on site as well.
All programming has the ultimate goal of increasing access to the community.
All programming is accomplished in seconds with one key.
All programming is accomplished using eleven easily accessible edit pages.
All programming is anchored upon some type of trauma.
All programming is based upon the individuals ability level.
All programming is broadcast nation-wide and free to all who have full view satellite dishes.
All programming is carried out using a remote control.
All programming is cataloged.
All programming is conceived by Inuit, for Inuit.
All programming is customized to each airline's individual passenger demographic.
All programming is dependent upon staff availability.
All programming is developed, produced, and hosted by mass communications students.
All programming is distributed via digitally compressed, encrypted satellite signals.
All programming is done automatically, behind the scenes.
All programming is done by selecting properties and picking from lists.
All programming is done in house.
All programming is done in pairs, with generally the whole group present at the time.
All programming is done through the standard phones.
All programming is expensive, and executable content is particularly costly.
All programming is free of charge.
All programming is hands-on and highly interactive.
All programming is held in non-volatile memory for safe storage even during power outages.
All programming is in Spanish.
All programming is listed by category in alphabetical order.
All programming is object-oriented.
All programming is offered at no cost to the public.
All programming is open to students, faculty and staff.
All programming is organized in topical sections and further divided into subtopics.
All programming is original and broadcast live.
All programming is password-protected.
All programming is performed by experts in their specialties, and have real-World coding experience.
All programming is performed using classes.
All programming is performed with a standard touch-tone telephone.
All programming is produced for delivery to specialized audiences.
All programming is provided free of charge to any program managers who ask for it.
All programming is received from one position in the sky, so the dish remains stationary.
All programming is recorded digitally.
All programming is retained during power loss or when power is disconnected.
All programming is saved in non-volatile memory.
All programming is subject to arbitrary and capricious last minute changes.
All programming is subject to change without notice.
All programming is subject to change.
All programming is subject to pre-emption for special programming.
All programming is tentative and scheduling is subject to change.
All programming is visible in the source code.
All programming is, of course, in Spanish.
All programming needs with emphasis in accounting and financial aid.
All programming related to the exhibition is free, and the public is welcome to attend.
All programming related to the exhibitions is free, and the public is welcome to attend.
All programming required for legacy support is the responsibility of the potential connector.
All programming required to interface with another system is included in the one-time startup fee.
All programming starts with detecting an event.
Most programming is just a collection of simple functions stacked on top of one another.
Most programming is open to the public, and the crew even provides chairs.
Most Programming is produced by members of our community and is community oriented.
Most programming is shot live through use of mobile production truck and own studio.
Most programming occurs in leased or borrowed spaces.
Most programming takes place on the local level.
Some programming is in Spanish, but most is in Indian languages.
Some programming is scheduled and other prepackaged programs can be delivered on demand.
Some programming needs to be done to tailor the data acquisition to our needs.
Progress bar is displayed while downloading data from a meter.
Progress bar supports smooth, staggered, box and other progress meter styles.
Progress bars are a little nicer now, with stderr buffered.
Progress bars indicate the file transfer.
Progress bars keep users informed as to the progress of a specific process.
Progress bars reflect accent color changes immediately without having to restart.
Progress bars shows the status of multicast file transfers.
Progress indicators are more uniform and informative.
Progress indicators are now more informative.
Progress indicators are now sensitive to the speed of the Newton.
Progress notes are clear, concise and complete.
Progress notes are the basis of the treatment plan updates.
Progress notes are to be written daily on all inpatients that are followed by the student.
Progress notes go home weekly from each teacher and once a month from Oakland's principal.
A progress report is a report
Progress report contains limited info.
Progress report is finished and is posted on the web.
Progress report is required for competing continuation and supplemental applications.
Progress report is to be submitted with continuation application.
Progress reports are also available.
Progress reports are an assistance for students whose grades are at-risk.
Progress reports are an integral part of our school.
Progress reports are an integral part of the project.
Progress reports are available as well.
Progress reports are due as scheduled.
Progress reports are due at the completion of the project or the end of the grant period.
Progress reports are due semi-annually.
Progress reports are equally easy to understand and access for the teacher and the student.
Progress Reports are online.
Progress reports are past due.
Progress reports are prepared and reviewed on a regular basis.
Progress reports are present in the interim of each quarter.
Progress reports are reports.
Progress reports are to be given by each student online, via email to the instructor.
Progress reports are to be signed by the parent or guardian.
Progress reports can have a grade or percentage.
Progress reports come home today.
Progress reports constitute a major method of monitoring student progress.
Progress Reports Following are reports of research in progress.
Progress reports go home once each nine weeks.
Progress reports go home today.
Progress Reports go home today.
Progress Reports go home.
Progress reports keep the students on track of their work.
Progress reports keep track of activities over a daily or other specified period of time.
Progress reports provide an overview of the school.
Progress reports provide feedback for future personal improvement.
Progress reports provide information, which justifies progress payments.
Progress reports satisfy funders' needs for accountability.
Progress Reports Send Home.
All progress reports are to be submitted to the Dean s office.
Progress achieved in the individual car is undone by more driving and more vehicles.
Progress also continues in the weight room below.
Progress also continues on two additional standards.
Progress also demands new tools and techniques to visualize the res ulting avalanche of data.
Progress also demands new tools and techniques to visualize the resulting avalanche of data.
Progress also has a proven track record of being very stable and reliable.
Progress also needs to be measured realistically.
Progress also pauses while the home awaits various inspections.
Progress answers the demands it brings about.
Progress appears to be slow.
Progress arises out of what is.
Progress awaits only a better technology development process.
Progress becomes a chance to share , to be part of the system rather than to change it.
Progress becomes easier as the waterway gets wider.
Progress begins from self-support.
Progress builds on strengths.
Progress can be agonizingly slow.
Progress can be faster or slower, depending on the fencer's aptitude, attitude, and dedication.
Progress can be rapid depending upon individual aptitude, study habits and motivation.
Progress can be slow, but the progress has been phenomenal in eight years.
Progress can be slow.
Progress can come in large doses or in small.
Progress can come only from independent, black-controlled organization.
Progress can come only from mastery by an elite who take care to give the people no sovereignty.
Progress can expand explosively fast.
Progress can occur only when some dare to try the new.
Progress can occur only when they want to do something about their smoking.
Progress can occur spontaneously without direct financial government support.
Progress can often mean having to deal with inconvenience.
Progress can only come with partnership.
Progress can really take off in such a spirit.
Progress can seem incremental at best.
Progress can slow further.
Progress can slow to glacial speed.
Progress can sometimes be hard to notice.
Progress comes by correcting mistakes.
Progress comes by small degrees.
Progress comes from ruthless competition, the strong destroying the weak.
Progress comes from the fruit of compromise.
Progress comes gradually about through painstaking efforts.
Progress comes in other forms as well.
Progress comes in small pieces, usually, and patience is necessary.
Progress comes in unexpected forms.
Progress comes more slowly and only after many struggles.
Progress comes only with a certain amount of struggle.
Progress comes slowly, at best, from working too fast and too mechanically.
Progress comes slowly, block by block, or brownfield by brownfield.
Progress comes through successive approximations.
Progress comes with discovery and with experimentation.
Progress consists in getting away from the idea of the static.
Progress continues apace in Mexico.
Progress continues in computing .
Progress continues in the commercial building sector, but it slowed.
Progress continues in the number of minority supervisors.
Progress continues into the new year.
Progress continues more steadily now although slower.
Progress continues on a point to point serverless protocol plugin.
Progress continues on blazing new trails.
Progress continues on development of resistant barley cultivars.
Progress continues on getting the site ready to go.
Progress continues on improving performance and expanding the range of applications.
Progress continues on renovation.
Progress continues on schedule with no major problems encountered.
Progress continues on the construction of the new hospital.
Progress continues on the design phase of the multi-purpose building program.
Progress continues on the Detroit project.
Progress continues on the electrical work.
Progress continues on the SA project.
Progress continues on the setting up of the network of waste elimination plants.
Progress continues on the tweaking of the new time sheet system.
Progress continues on the xenos test wing.
Progress continues on U.S. and European regulatory approvals of new diagnostic products and tests.
Progress continues on updating, error-checking and characterizing telemetry databases.
Progress continues to be made in judicial cooperation in civil and criminal matters .
Progress continues to be made in the incorporation of technology into the library.
Progress continues to be made in the structural area.
Progress continues to be made on battery and fuel cell technology.
Progress continues to be made on the interior of the building.
Progress continues to be made towards achieving the aims.
Progress continues to be made.
Progress continues to be slow, but forward.
Progress continues to develop forms for requests.
Progress continues toward occupancy of the facility.
Progress continues towards the global eradication of poliomyelitis.
Progress continues until the last few steps where four or more attackers come out at a time.
Progress continues weekly with the goal of completing the enclosure before the snow flies.
Progress continues, but it doesn t just happen.
Progress continues, etc.
Progress continues, users seem pleased with the results.
Progress continues. . .
Progress continuously advances like an unstoppable giant of steel.
Progress defines itse l f as the lighting of lamps till there be no darkness anywhere enlightenment.
Progress demands changes.
Progress demands communication and dialogue.
Progress demands it.
Progress demands large production of wealth.
Progress demands responsibility.
Progress demands that societies adapt.
Progress depends as much on the quality of the student as it does on the quality of the teacher.
Progress depends critically on the political capacity of the government to act.
Progress depends on both the size and efficiency of a research project.
Progress depends on changing the dominant paradigm and moving away from protectionism.
Progress depends on co-operation and goodwill among all involved.
Progress depends on forcing data to serve our intentions.
Progress depends on initiative, skill etc.
Progress depends on intensity as measured by the frequency of learning opportunities.
Progress depends on it.
Progress depends on locations.
Progress depends on new techniques, new discoveries, and new ideas, probably in that order.
Progress depends on our accepting responsibility.
Progress depends on picking the correct option.
Progress depends on the matter taught in the schools and available for reading afterwards.
Progress depends on thoughtful people who are searching for good ways to do so.
Progress depends on unreasonable men.
Progress depends upon the unreasonable man.
Progress does destroy sometimes slow, sometimes fast.
Progress does happen.
Progress emerges from dialogue, reflection and experience.
Progress engenders some pain.
Progress eventually slows.
Progress exams key to books.
Progress exists. . . .
Progress first starts with a diverse newsroom.
Progress fits well because it provides complete flexibility across the application base.
Progress follows acute organic dissatisfaction.
Progress follows the willingness of the people here to try new ideas.
Progress Gives the user a visual means of knowing the progress of the script as it runs.
Progress grows out of a shared imagination.
Progress grows out of motion.
Progress happens through breakthroughs of different kinds.
Progress happens when one person has a dream and that dream becomes a Vision.
Progress happens when there is a collaboration among different disciplines.
Progress has a price.
Progress has a strong supportive community.
Progress has been glacial toward increased diversity in the nation's newsrooms, many editors say.
Progress has been made in some areas, it says.
Progress has current information about status and any documents produced.
Progress has different meanings for different people.
Progress has excellent integration between development and execution.
Progress has it's drawback.
Progress has less to do with speed and more to do with direction.
Progress has little to do with speed, but much to do with direction.
Progress has still to be made with strengthening administrative capacities in a number of sectors.
Progress has two parts, ascent and descent.
Progress has ups and downs.
Progress has yet to be made on lowering nitrogen oxides, a more powerful acid than sulfates.
Progress helps to decide borderline grades.
Progress here involves a shocking takeover bid, rancid office politics and a wacky murder.
Progress here is meager.
Progress here is only possible by climbing higher before descending to the global minimum.
Progress here is very sensitive to individual market conditions and thus difficult to generalize.
Progress here requires major developed and developing countries to engage in constructive dialogue.
Progress implies change for the better.
Progress implies it.
Progress includes attendance, exam scores, practice hours and student clinic.
Progress invariably makes luxuries affordable to the masses.
Progress invites imitations.
Progress involves change.
Progress involves government solving things.
Progress involves one step at a time.
Progress involves risk.
Progress involves risks.
Progress involves self sacrifice for the benefit of others.
Progress involves self sacrifice or the benefit of others.
Progress is a bad word.
Progress is a collaborative venture.
Progress is a comfortable disease.
Progress is a comforting theory with little empirical support.
Progress is a concept which is relative to the values of a particular age and society.
Progress is a consequence of human nature.
Progress is a continued effort to swim against the stream.
Progress is a corollary of evolution.
Progress is a double-edged sword.
Progress is a fine thing.
Progress is a good thing.
Progress is a greater degree of that of which Order is a less.
Progress is a matter of taking many little steps, both in technology and in law practice.
Progress is a multifaceted property of science.
Progress is a nice word.
Progress is a prerequisite for survival.
Progress is a process.
Progress is a product in itself.
Progress is a relative term.
Progress is a remarkable thing.
Progress is a sad and ugly cult.
Progress is a series of compromises along the route to an optimum state.
Progress is a series of individual acts of courage.
Progress is a series of such consecutive, progres- sive advances.
Progress is a thief.
Progress is a very individual issue.
Progress is a wonderful thing, but it brings a twinge of sadness, too.
Progress is a wonderful thing.
Progress is about the upgrading of levels i.e., the next level is better than the previous ones.
Progress is achieved only when change is directed toward defined goals and objectives.
Progress is achieved through consistent attendance and continuity of work.
Progress is achieved through the cooperation of all the participants.
Progress is achieved when the code of conduct is upheld.
Progress is actively underway.
Progress is adequate to achieve stipulated completion date, according to the report.
Progress is again awkward, but instead of encouragement and acceptance, kids get hassled.
Progress is ahead of schedule.
Progress is almost nil in solving city problems.
Progress is already evident.
Progress is already good.
Progress is already noticeable.
Progress is already well underway.
Progress is also evident in recruitment.
Progress is also good for reducing deaths from coronary heart disease.
Progress is always difficult, slow and erratic but it is always possible.
Progress is always from left to right.
Progress is always one step ahead of man's acceptance.
Progress is always one step forward, two steps back.
Progress is always upward and forward, looking to the future.
Progress is always worth noting in Virginia, however.
Progress is an acknowledgment of the opposition.
Progress is an illusion.
Progress is an important factor.
Progress is an infinite advance towards the infinitely receding goal of infinite perfection.
Progress is anticipated in approval of a similar application for oriented-strand board.
Progress is apparent.
Progress is as infinitely conceived as are women themselves.
Progress is as much sideways as forward, the fiberglass boat is in the lead.
Progress is assessed against the strategic objectives set out in each paper.
Progress is assessed annually based on measurable criteria.
Progress is assessed by a combination of coursework, examination, and project work.
Progress is assessed by work supervisor and externship coordinator.
Progress is assessed through numerous telephone calls, e-mails, and file sharing.
Progress is assessed through periodic online examinations.
Progress is assessed through regular assignments and through periodic online examinations.
Progress is assessed using extensive narrative and commonly accepted developmental milestones.
Progress is assumed to be due to information, analysis and logical deduction.
Progress is assured, but is often slow.
Progress is at times snail-paced, incremental.
Progress is based on dreams.
Progress is based on percentage complete.
Progress is based on the effort they put into their strength and conditioning program.
Progress is basically a human concept.
Progress is being made quickly, so check back frequently.
Progress is being make in the search for methods that satisfy all three criteria.
Progress is better in the financial sector.
Progress is better.
Progress is born of agitation.
Progress is both good and bad.
Progress is built on risks which have been foreseen, accepted and effectively managed.
Progress is by leaps and bounds.
Progress is by stages.
Progress is caused by weird people.
Progress is certainly ineveitable within our lives.
Progress is certainly tougher to measure in recruiting.
Progress is certainly wonderful.
Progress is characterized by higher levels of unity and development.
Progress is charted by both tutors and learners.
Progress is checked by a term paper and oral report.
Progress is checked by examinations and term papers.
Progress is checked by oral and written reports from the employer.
Progress is checked by quizzes and final examination.
Progress is checked by term paper.
Progress is checked during quarterly review conferences with their camp team.
Progress is checked once each academic year.
Progress is completely antithetical to the Islamic doctrine.
Progress is complicated.
Progress is conceptualised as 'increasingly complex tasks at progressive year levels of schooling.
Progress is conceptualised as student performance, ie.
Progress is continual and the Heritage District is progressively evolving.
Progress is costly, and someone is about to pay the price.
Progress is crucial and much depends on quality of work at end of quarter.
Progress is dependent on being able to construct a consistent picture of physical phenomena.
Progress is dependent on the weather.
Progress is dependent upon concept mastery.
Progress is dependent upon regular and consistent participation.
Progress is dependent upon the creation of a meaningful and inclusive process of negotiation.
Progress is dependent upon the number of hours and days dedicated to the lessons.
Progress is designated by the seven smokestacks, representing the industrial factories of the town.
Progress is desirable, but it is a teleological term that depends on where one wants to go.
Progress is determined by the number of technologies which a student masters.
Progress is determined quantitatively and qualitatively.
Progress is development
Progress is different for every individual.
Progress is difficult and slow.
Progress is difficult, and for two reasons.
Progress is discussed in group seminars and assessment is based on a full written report.
Progress is discussed with parents at weekly team meetings.
Progress is displayed and a log file documents the entire import process.
Progress is displayed as a percentage of the current disk as well as overall installation.
Progress is displayed with two gauges which appear at the bottom.
Progress is documented in quarterly progress reports.
Progress is dramatic.
Progress is driven by funding for such projects in a given year's budget.
Progress is easier when it is timed, checked, and measured. . . .
Progress is encouraging, especially compared with the record of genome sequencing.
Progress is encouraging.
Progress is enhanced by contributions made by faculty and graduate research assistant cooperators.
Progress is eternal.
Progress is evaluated after each session.
Progress is evaluated by a faculty jury.
Progress is evaluated by faculty each semester.
Progress is evaluated each year when TA awards are being determined.
Progress is evaluated in the lecture by midterm and final exams.
Progress is evaluated often and various assessment tools guide the next steps of learning.
Progress is evaluated on a patient to patient basis.
Progress is evaluated on an ongoing basis.
Progress is evaluated through teacher observations of graphs.
Progress is even more elusive on bigger issues like bringing war criminals to justice.
Progress is evidenced on other fronts.
Progress is evident in our curriculum.
Progress is evident.
Progress is excruciatingly slow.
Progress is extremely slow.
Progress is far more difficult to measure than personal reactions to the consultant.
Progress is finished.
Progress is focused in key areas.
Progress is followed by steps back, tough tumbles and occasional leaps ahead.
Progress is found in pluralism.
Progress is fragile, however, and requires strong support from the donor community.
Progress is frequently a myth in jazz, as in most other aspects of contemporary life.
Progress is frequently glacial, but it CAN be done.
Progress is gauged by quizzes and a final examination.
Progress is generally faster for acute conditions, but chronic conditions take more time.
Progress is good on a searchable business manual, appears to be some interest in it.
Progress is good, as long as it's safe.
Progress is good, but more important is progress with diligence.
Progress is good.
Progress is great until about noon when the wind picks up.
Progress is great.
Progress is growth, and can only be brought about by gradual improvement and transformation.
Progress is hampered by grain that sifts into tunnels after the rescue workers dig.
Progress Is Here to Stay.
Progress is illusion.
Progress is illusive.
Progress is impeded by a number of stiles and after a spell of wet weather can be very muddy.
Progress is imperative for international sustainment.
Progress is impossible without it.
Progress is in sight-don't give up now.
Progress is in the making.
Progress is in the wind, but hasn t really made it to the checkbook, and staff know it.
Progress is in three areas.
Progress is incremental.
Progress is indeed a beautiful thing.
Progress is indicated at every step and user interaction is kept to a minimum.
Progress is indicated by the little pie graph to the right of the main window.
Progress is indicated in foreign lands.
Progress is indicated in skills related to reading, social studies, science, and mathematics.
Progress is inevitable and it is for our health.
Progress is inevitable, and the computer is as useful and versatile a tool as any.
Progress is inevitable, plagiarism implies it.
Progress is inevitable.
Progress is infinite.
Progress is jerky and uncertain, but, as a general rule, things stay invented.
Progress is judged through bi-weekly pics if doing bodybuilding contest prep.
Progress is just another means of using modern technology to achieve the status quo.
Progress is just what happens when people live .
Progress is largely the creation of independent scholars.
Progress is largely through practical experience.
Progress is like that.
Progress is likely to be fitful, however, and hard-line elements remain formidable obstacles.
Progress is likely to be frustratingly slow compared to the pace of other technological change.
Progress is likely to be uneven and achieved only very slowly.
Progress is located on an island near Hawaii.
Progress is made at the child's own pace.
Progress is made by adapting to one's own nature.
Progress is made by exploring every nook and cranny of the levels for various items along the way.
Progress is made by going from the simple to the more complex tasks.
Progress is made by people having a vision of what can be.
Progress is made by using the hands and feet on the natural features.
Progress is made every day and responsible reporting of such is of paramount importance.
Progress is made in connection with career and with settling domestic problems.
Progress is made in the chemotherapy for non-small cell lung cancer.
Progress is made much more quickly.
Progress is made on a new computing facility to expand access and address functionality issues.
Progress is made on alternative Fridays.
Progress is made one step at a time.
Progress is made through goal setting.
Progress is made when the crew is tired, but can still apply nearly as much power as when fresh.
Progress is made when there is knowledge and control of the work process or work habits.
Progress is made where progress is measured.
Progress is made with books.
Progress is made.
Progress is man's ability to complicate simplicity.
Progress is marked by the incremental increase of fake drop-shadow on windows.
Progress is measurable, and concrete.
Progress is measured against plan targets.
Progress is measured against quarterly goals on a daily and weekly basis.
Progress is measured against validated training and testing criteria.
Progress is measured and reported to parents.
Progress is measured as a percentage complete for each phase.
Progress is measured at individual rates.
Progress is measured both in numbers and in the quality of programs and efforts undertaken.
Progress is measured by advances in chemistry.
Progress is measured by completion of assignments and tests.
Progress is measured by demonstrating proficiency.
Progress is measured by meeting certain milestones.
Progress is measured by repeated numerical rating scales.
Progress is measured each semester and summer session.
Progress is measured in dollars and cents, as well as birdies and bogeys.
Progress is measured in lines of code.
Progress is measured in terms of mastery of subjects rather than counting credits.
Progress is measured in terms of what one is trying to make progress toward.
Progress is measured in tiny gains.
Progress is measured on a daily basis which provides the focus for each days instructional period.
Progress is measured over years and even decades.
Progress is measured regularly.
Progress is measured through assessment of test data, work samples, and students' records.
Progress is measured through weekly exams and written exercises.
Progress is measured through written assignments and exams.
Progress is measured.
Progress is monitored and displayed with graphics.
Progress is monitored and highs scores are kept.
Progress is monitored and the plan is revised accordingly.
Progress is monitored annually by the school district.
Progress is monitored at the conclusion of the spring and summer semesters.
Progress is monitored by a computerized system which provides biannual reports on student progress.
Progress is monitored by both the employer and the student s advisor.
Progress is monitored by organization surveys focused on attitudes and perceptions.
Progress is monitored by statistical reports and analyses.
Progress is monitored by the advisor in order to be helpful to the student.
Progress is monitored by the faculty mentor to whom they report.
Progress is monitored by the music faculty jury examination of student performance.
Progress is monitored by the program director.
Progress is monitored bycontinuous personal and group evaluation.
Progress is monitored closely in order to advance the student on a continual basis.
Progress is monitored constantly so that students gain the maximum benefit from stay in Sheffield.
Progress is monitored continually by meetings and discussions.
Progress is monitored daily and shared with the principal and parents on a regular basis.
Progress is monitored during a bi - weekly interdisciplinary team review of each resident.
Progress is monitored eac h semester in accordance with the policy as outlined below.
Progress is monitored each semester in accordance with the policy outlined below.
Progress is monitored each year by the school district.
Progress is monitored on the listserv, where participants can discuss their efforts.
Progress is monitored once twelve credit hours of curriculum courses have been attempted.
Progress is monitored through data collection, summary and analysis.
Progress is monitored through individual tutorials, group critiques and reviews.
Progress is monitored through interactive quizzes.
Progress is monitored through quarterly reports from the treatment provider and practice supervisor.
Progress is monitored through teachers' records, parents' meetings and formal written reports.
Progress is monitored through tutorials and reviews.
Progress is monitored throughout the duration of a research project.
Progress is monitored throughout the treatment and post treatment phase.
Progress is monitored via a mid-way review and discussion session.
Progress is monitored with periodic examinations and follow-up reports.
Progress is more elusive, achieved more by inspiration than perspiration.
Progress is more evident among women students than faculty.
Progress is more likely in two other areas, however.
Progress is more rapid the younger the person.
Progress is more understanding.
Progress is motion.
Progress is much faster.
Progress is much more difficult to achieve than destruction.
Progress is much slower, for a couple of reasons.
Progress is needed here.
Progress is needed in each area.
Progress is needed.
Progress is never without opposition.
Progress is nice but often much of value is lost.
Progress is no myth.
Progress is noted most keenly.
Progress is now slow but steady.
Progress is of two kinds, material and spiritual.
Progress is often disruptive in the short run.
Progress is often slow and difficult.
Progress is often slow, which is a difficult thing to accept at times.
Progress is often very slow and the temptation to walk ahead can be overwhelming.
Progress is on an individual level.
Progress is one thing, but blackmail is another.
Progress is ongoing on the upgrade.
Progress is on-going.
Progress is ongoing.
Progress is only inevitable as long as development is viewed as desirable and affordable.
Progress is open to all.
Progress is our most important problem.
Progress is our most important product.
Progress is our only hope.
Progress is outstanding for enterprise-level business applications.
Progress is overdue.
Progress is painfully slow, and finance for the necessary redecoration is uncertain.
Progress is painfully slow, but progress is being made.
Progress is painfully slow.
Progress is patchy, of course.
Progress is permitted only when the prior semester is completed in full.
Progress is personal.
Progress is pitifully slow.
Progress is political parties.
Progress is positive.
Progress is possible in many related occupations.
Progress is possible on all fronts - economic, trade, cultural and political.
Progress is possible through play as much as perseverance and perspiration.
Progress is possible, but only under certain conditions.
Progress is possible.
Progress is progress - however slow.
Progress is progress.
Progress is punctuated by cutscenes and codec , as well as encounters with bosses.
Progress is quantified and qualified in five research and developmental sites.
Progress is quicker and multidimensional.
Progress is quite tortuous.
Progress is rare without an occasional step backwards.
Progress is real if discontinuous.
Progress is real, the agency says.
Progress is real.
Progress is realized sooner because of the individual attention given.
Progress is recorded and used for improvement efforts.
Progress is recorded there.
Progress is relative.
Progress is relatively slow in the revival of Bosnia s economic and social structure.
Progress is remarkably slow.
Progress is reported both in narrative form and through formal conferences.
Progress is reported by local districts in the form of accountability reports.
Progress is reported in dealing with records created by new technologies.
Progress is reported on many financial matters.
Progress is reported three times a year updating parents on mastery of content areas.
Progress is reported to the company team commander as required.
Progress is reported under the appropriate project objective.
Progress is reported weekly.
Progress is reviewed annually, and services are adjusted to enable further progress being made.
Progress is reviewed at the end of each semester.
Progress is reviewed at the end of the first year following registration.
Progress is reviewed at the end of the summer term each academic year.
Progress is reviewed each semester.
Progress is reviewed every six weeks and written progress reports are mailed to the placing agency.
Progress is reviewed in individual conferences.
Progress is reviewed largely through the exchange of information.
Progress is reviewed monthly by all employees.
Progress is reviewed on an agreed-upon schedule.
Progress is reviewed regularly with our senior management.
Progress is reviewed through individual critiques.
Progress is reviewed.
Progress is rewarded with fun practice games that reinforce newly acquired skills.
Progress is right on schedule.
Progress is satisfactory and the problems encountered are normal start-up problems.
Progress is satisfactory or good in most lessons.
Progress is seen as being fruitful.
Progress is seen in blindly imitating the West.
Progress is seen in numbers.
Progress is self-paced.
Progress is shared with parents verbally and with achievement charts.
Progress is shown at the bottom of the tuner window.
Progress is shown in a control dialog.
Progress is shown in the following photos.
Progress is shown in the lower part of the window.
Progress is shown in the status box.
Progress is slow and happens in degrees.
Progress is slow and hard to see.
Progress is slow and painful.
Progress is slow and painless.
Progress is slow and painstaking.
Progress is slow and steady, as publishers move their Internet operations toward profitability.
Progress is slow and the attainment of reasonable competence can take years of study.
Progress is slow and the government remains the only clear center of activity.
Progress is slow and there are still many people who are happy to be ignorant.
Progress is slow and tortuous.
Progress is slow because only a few workers at a time can work form the scaffold at any level.
Progress is slow but continuing.
Progress is slow but impressive.
Progress is slow but steady.
Progress is slow but sure.
Progress is slow especially where women are concerned.
Progress is slow in expanding Internet capability outside of Riga.
Progress is slow much of the time.
Progress is slow on the application developments.
Progress is slow or non-existent.
Progress is slow owing to a lack of suitable simulation software.
Progress is slow, and the process is time consuming.
Progress is slow, but it needs to be, to keep producing visuals and maintaining fertility.
Progress is slow, but it's being made.
Progress is slow, but maintainable.
Progress is slow, but ongoing.
Progress is slow, but steady.
Progress is slow, but sure.
Progress is slow, learning curves are huge and continuous, and many wars rage on.
Progress is slow, often causing children to lose interest, resulting in failure.
Progress is slow, spurts of effective work.
Progress is slow, what with early evenings, rain, and working on the car.
Progress is slow.
Progress is slowed by a difficult working relationship between the public and private sectors.
Progress is slowed by a difficultworking relationship between the public and private sectors.
Progress is slowed down midweek when attention to detail is required.
Progress is slower than fast stream.
Progress is so great.
Progress is sometimes ihard to measure in the early going.
Progress is sometimes sad.
Progress is sort of slow, just due to time constraints.
Progress is speed, mobility, resources, cleverness and wit, and endless individuality and autonomy.
Progress is spotty and that gives cause for concern.
Progress is stalled.
Progress is steady but it is still very slow.
Progress is steady but slow, and always seems to require big increases in CPU power and memory.
Progress is steady but sure.
Progress is steady, but far too slow.
Progress is steady.
Progress is stifled.
Progress is still ongoing as renovation of the dining car continued nearly every weekend.
Progress is strongly related to the introduction of various kinds of quotas for women in politics.
Progress is subjective.
Progress is summarized below.
Progress is symbolized in the clock, the balance and the foot-rule.
Progress is synonymous with the virtue that in the best instances distinguishes humanity.
Progress is systematic and methodical, and is confirmed through extensive data keeping.
Progress is tangible.
Progress is the activity of today and assurance of tomorrow.
Progress is the driving force behind all assumptions at the heart of our economy-driven society.
Progress is the endless exchange of one problem for another.
Progress is the essence of human nature.
Progress is the expression of spirit in the world of matter.
Progress is the goal of our efforts.
Progress is the goal.
Progress is the gradual assertion of reason.
Progress is the important thing here.
Progress is the life-style of man.
Progress is the mother of problems.
Progress is the name of the game.
Progress is the only acceptable direction.
Progress is the result of a disruption of cyclical time.
Progress is the status quo.
Progress is the trick.
Progress is their watchword and they are ever pressing on from one vantage point to another.
Progress is therefore compatible with preserving the past, and even contributes to it.
Progress is therefore slow but steady.
Progress is therefore slow, but nevertheless continuing.
Progress is through continuing to expand awareness.
Progress is to be monitored by the child's parent or guardian.
Progress is to be welcomed.
Progress is to endeavour to acquire it .
Progress is too slow.
Progress is toward the future.
Progress is towards a better fit between individuals and their environment.
Progress is tracked by archiving previous month's photographs.
Progress is tracked by the program.
Progress is tracked here until the first version is installed.
Progress is tracked independently in each strand.
Progress is tracked on our renovation website .
Progress is tracked regularly, and goals are reinforced by regular periodic reporting.
Progress is tracked through a case management system.
Progress is tracked through daily monitoring and periodic assessment.
Progress is tracked using assessment of achievement each year.
Progress is underway on the expansion and remodeling of the hospital facilities.
Progress is underway to get Alaska's enormous natural gas reserves to market.
Progress is underway to implement the measures announced last year.
Progress is underway worldwide in efforts to sequester carbon and to reduce greenhouse gas emission.
Progress is underway.
Progress is uneven across the government.
Progress is uneven and largely unmeasured against benchmarks.
Progress is uneven, but generally encouraging.
Progress is uneven.
Progress is unfortunate.
Progress is usually clear, dramatic, and measurable.
Progress is usually slow and almost seems nonexistent at times.
Progress is usually uncoordinated and ragged.
Progress is valued as an individual rather than as a comparative matter.
Progress is varied.
Progress is very motivating.
Progress is very slow and often agonizing.
Progress is very slow but appears to be steady.
Progress is very slow.
Progress is via senior consultant to team leader, partner or director.
Progress is virtually impossible.
Progress is vital in order to safeguard Britain's fundamental economic and financial interests.
Progress is welcome, even if there is still a long way to go.
Progress is with cost.
Progress is wonderful, of course, but it comes at a price.
Progress is wonderful.
Progress is, how it thinks and acts.
Progress is, however, being made.
Progress isa improvement.
Progress iz the preservation of our urban forest and the protection of our environment.
Progress iz the restoration of our historic buildings.
Progress iz the restoration of our streets and sidewalks.
Progress leads to important insight.
Progress leads to important new insight.
Progress leads to insight.
Progress leads to new insight.
Progress leaves loopholes.
Progress Look here for latest highlighted accomplishment.
Progress looks distant.
Progress looks positive and they are moving right along.
Progress made in each area is summarized below under each specific aims.
Progress made on design, but risks remain.
Progress made on the benchmarks is a direct indicator of student achievement.
Progress made to date includes the following.
Progress Make use of graphics, artists' renderings, computer simulations, etc.
Progress makes purses out of human skin.
Progress marches on.
Progress matters more than process.
Progress means acceptance and elimination.
Progress means an advance from lower to higher, from worse to better.
Progress means being considered on the same level with any other race.
Progress means elimination and acceptance.
Progress means fewer ships have to moor in nests.
Progress means figuring how to get around the limits of yesterday.
Progress means new jobs and a new tax base.
Progress means progress of all.
Progress means promotion towards consumers.
Progress means serving the real needs of real people.
Progress means that all people of the earth have a truly equal opportunity to achieve.
Progress means that there is an equal sharing and distribution of the wealth of the United States.
Progress Moving smoothly from one stage of a project to another is critical to meeting the timeline.
Progress naturally includes computing power.
Progress naturally requires a comparison of early with recent work.
Progress needs a standard for serving the bigger.
Progress needs investment and investment breeds commitment.
Progress needs the engagement of the world as a whole.
Progress needs to be communicated clearly and continuously to clients.
Progress needs to be made in implementation.
Progress needs to be made on phased redeployment of Israeli troops from the West Bank.
Progress needs to be made on standards for content and delivery, product costs, and user interfaces.
Progress needs to be made.
Progress never comes easy and the home stretch is the hardest.
Progress never comes easy.
Progress never makes a landing, though.
Progress never moves forward like a wall.
Progress never stops for people who feel responsible for their own self-development.
Progress never takes a straight course for any considerable length of time.
Progress notes that document findings are also helpful.
Progress now lies in the offices of engineers, architects and financial experts.
Progress occurs constantly in basic research.
Progress occurs easily, naturally.
Progress occurs from the repeated lessons and refined skills, support and confidence.
Progress occurs in a non-sequential pattern.
Progress occurs incrementally.
Progress occurs over time through workouts that can be hard and demanding.
Progress occurs when all sectors are reincorporated into both the political and economic process.
Progress occurs, therefore, gradually.
Progress offers companion fixtures for a coordinated fashion.
Progress oftens springs from doubt.
Progress only occures when imagination transcends experience.
Progress overtakes another lighthouse.
Progress provides extra storage space for rubbish and contains the extra fuel needed for manoeuvres.
Progress realises dans la connaissance de la sharka.
Progress replaces old problems with new ones.
Progress reporting to senior management is ongoing.
Progress reports .
Progress reports and so on.
Progress reports at the top left of the page. .
Progress Reports for late start students are in the guidance office.
Progress reports for parents.
Progress reports from committees .
Progress reports from day placement programs.
Progress reports from Georgia leave little, if any, room for error or time slippage.
Progress reports from students.
Progress reports High school student report cards are distributed to parents quarterly.
Progress reports indicating efficiency of maize breeding methods.
Progress reports on approved projects.
Progress reports on articles.
Progress reports on currently funded projects .
Progress reports on handbook.
Progress reports on pilot signage projects.
Progress reports on programs that require all students to own laptops.
Progress reports on projects.
Progress Reports on research and writing.
Progress reports on research paper.
Progress reports on research project.
Progress reports on research projects.
Progress reports on research themes.
Progress reports on research topics.
Progress reports on research.
Progress reports on state-level activities show some notable efforts.
Progress reports on stretching the limits of tractability for a particular application.
Progress reports on stretching the limits of tractability.
Progress reports on students' research papers and final course review.
Progress reports on term papers .
Progress reports on term projects.
Progress reports on the modern faunal and floral trace element calibration of calcareous organisms.
Progress reports on the project.
Progress reports on the restoration and links.
Progress reports per any time frame deemed necessary by courts, probation officers, and attorneys.
Progress Reports Progress Reports P rogress reports are common in engineering.
Progress reports regarding major educational program developments.
Progress reports The preferred team for study has three to five students.
Progress reports to all participants.
Progress reports to parents.
Progress reports to the community on program achievements.
Progress reports track accomplishments.
Progress reports via videoconference between campus and industry sites.
Progress reports, a final report, and a public seminar are required.
Progress reports, a written final report, and a final oral presentation of the project are required.
Progress requires a bit of compromise on everybody's part.
Progress requires a focused and concerted effort from scientists dedicated to finding answers.
Progress requires accomplishment.
Progress requires action.
Progress requires both new mathematics and improved implementations.
Progress requires change, and change requires resources.
Progress requires change.
Progress requires dedication to daily practice.
Progress requires external and internal pressure.
Progress requires hard work over an extended period of time.
Progress requires hard work, dedication, and planning.
Progress requires innovation.
Progress requires managing change through shared vision, leadership and communication.
Progress requires new efforts against illegal drugs.
Progress requires patience, determination, love, faith, and strength.
Progress requires people to change their values, attitudes, or habits of behavior.
Progress requires risk and change.
Progress requires sacrifice, and sometimes the ultimate sacrifice.
Progress requires that everyone give.
Progress requires the conquest of nature.
Progress requires transparency in national reporting and better international monitoring.
Progress requires understanding the errors currently found in regional algorithms.
Progress seems to come in spurts.
Progress sit to stand to sharpened stance as above.
Progress slows, then stops.
Progress sparks remote-sensing seminars.
Progress specializes in serializations.
Progress still continues.
Progress still needs to be made concerning the transposition of the directives on tobacco products.
Progress still slow at climate conference on day of protests.
Progress strengthens interest.
Progress strengthens the health-care industry.
Progress surely consists of fulfilling human hopes for health, flourishing, and happiness.
Progress takes a lot of determination and hard work, but can be a very rewarding journey.
Progress takes commitment.
Progress takes hard work and students are well equipped to shoulder that burden.
Progress takes many forms, as the bureaucrat said to the citizen.
Progress takes months.
Progress takes place as civilization exerts itself.
Progress takes place only when people work together with a common vision.
Progress takes place over years and even decades.
Progress takes places.
Progress takes planning.
Progress takes several months.
Progress takes time, commitment and most of all a reachable goal.
Progress takes time.
Progress tends to be uneven and usually involves only engineers or other specialists.
Progress tends to happen quickly thereafter.
Progress tests every two weeks.
Progress there includes a new park, water system and streets, all built in the past three years.
Progress turns on private sector leadership.
Progress typically comes in small steps.
Progress varies among high-risk babies.
Progress waits for no one.
Progresses pp central DST progress etc.
Progress always comes in fits and starts.
Progress always happens unevenly.
Progress always involves risk.
Progress always produces a reaction.
Progress often brings about other challenges.
Progress often brings temporary inconvenience.
Progress often follows research and development, just as happy outcomes often follow prayer.
Progress often springs from doubt.
Progress sometimes seems like one step forward, two steps back.
All progress begins a step at a time.
All progress begins with a belief that something can be different.
All progress depends on the unreasonable man.
All progress ends by negating itself.
All progress involves heresy, by definition.
All progress is at one's own speed.
All progress is born of doubt and questioning.
All progress is dependent upon the unreasonable man who persevered to a goal.
All progress is experimental.
All progress is made by small increments compounding over time.
All progress is made by unreasonable people.
All progress is made of small steps.
All progress is monitored throughout the course.
All progress is reported to family members, referring physicians, and referring facilities.
All progress is unlikely, and therefore unreasonable.
All progress means war with society.
All progress occurs because people dare to be different.
Any progress begins with education.
Any progress is better than none.
Any progress is dismissed if it contradicts established views.
Any progress is likely to be choppy.
Any progress is significant progress.
Every progress depends on two things, knowledge and practice.
More progress is ahead and there is more to do.
More progress is made by attacking problems than by attacking people.
More progress is needed on the independence of national internal auditors.
More progress is needed, however.
More progress is needed.
More progress needs to be made.
Most progress depends on locations.
Most progress is made through transfer or diffusion of innovation.
Most progress is three steps forward and two steps back, ending up being one step forward.
Most progress leads to important insight.
Most progress leads to important new insight.
Most progress leads to insight.
Most progress leads to new insight.
Most progress seems like it comes through that painful process.
Most progress takes months.
Most progress takes places.
Most progress takes several months.
Much progress have been made since then, officials claim.
Much progress is evident with new schools, churches and homes.
Much progress is made by the time winter begins.
Much progress is made, but there's much more to do.
Much progress is possible.
Much progress remains to be made, infrastructures created, and habits changed.
Some progress appears to have been made on the problem of airport profiling.
Some progress becomes gods.
Some progress is already obvious.
Some progress is evident.
Some progress is made in classifying noncoherence of associative categories.
Some progress is on the horizon, however.
Some progress is visible.
Some progress leads to mastery.
Some progress re.
Some progress reports with graphs and statistics.
Progression aim to improve time of reps.
Progression allows the body to better adapt to stress from exercising.
Progression also occurs with depth.
Progression can be in the form of more weight or more reps, or, both.
Progression can be into management roles or to a greater degree of specialisation.
Progression can stop after a number of years, or can continue throughout life.
Progression can take the form of increasing the range of motion that a particular task requires.
Progression fails with opposition's flight, And darkness is but handmaid unto light.
Progression Give each keeper a ball.
Progression increase average speed of repetitions.
Progression increase speed of reps when original time becomes easy.
Progression involves signs of dysarthria, dementia, and spasticity.
Progression is a good thing.
Progression is a key word used in much of the pro-biotech literature.
Progression is a matter of additional training, experience, and, of course, good work habits.
Progression is a series
Progression is achieved by applying for advertised senior posts.
Progression is affected also by professional behavior and health status.
Progression is afoot.
Progression is an established principle.
Progression is another key to a successful fitness program.
Progression is at participant' s own rate and ability.
Progression is attained through a series of awakenings.
Progression is based on availability of space in the program.
Progression is based on competence criteria.
Progression is based on meeting qualification and training plan requirements.
Progression is by walking or running on larger branches, and leaping from tree to tree.
Progression is clockwise from the top of the unit connector.
Progression is contingent upon man's obedience to the covenant conditions or laws.
Progression is dependent on certain criteria being met.
Progression is difficult within and between coaching levels.
Progression is done with the up, left and right arrow keys.
Progression is entirely performance-driven.
Progression is fairly linear.
Progression is frequent and leads to esophageal compression and dysphagia.
Progression is from a task orientation to a holistic view of patient care.
Progression is from simple to complex and simulated to actual patient care.
Progression is from words to sentences to paragraphs to complete narratives.
Progression is great, in the bands own style, refining their own means.
Progression is indolent.
Progression is measured in vertical feet gained rather than linear miles walked.
Progression is possible through a combination of education, experience and examinations.
Progression is rapid and environment exciting.
Progression is rapid.
Progression is related to performance.
Progression is self-paced.
Progression is serieses.
Progression is slightly different than pacing.
Progression is slow.
Progression is steady, and limb flexion contractures and scoliosis develop.
Progression is symmetric and proximal.
Progression is the key.
Progression is the order of the day.
Progression is typically towards water resources management or senior scientific posts.
Progression isa series.
Progression leads to blood infection and, finally, to lung infection.
Progression means change for the better.
Progression occurs in less than a third of patients.
Progression occurs over three levels.
Progression occurs slowly over the course of years.
Progression occurs through co-participation of all members of the community.
Progression quickly becomes obsession.
Progression reduce average lap times to as fast as possible.
Progression reduce average time for repetitions.
Progression seems to be slow, with a long survival.
Progression takes many forms.
Progression tends to be into other posts paying higher salaries.
Progression varies and carnitine supplementation can be effective.
Progression varies and carnitine supplementation is often effective.
Progression varies somewhat from child to child.
Progression varies with success of drug therapy and treatment of any malignancy.
Progressions are a mathematical calculation only, yet reflect major trends or directions in life.
Progressions are ammunition for coming events.
Progressions are often the spark of a composition, rather than the melody.
Progressions enact sensuous form, defer seams, reach unexpected grammatical conclusions.
Progressions Listed below are several post marathon recovery programs.
Progressions show the patterns and trends in a chart for any given year.
Progression often depends on taking management responsibility.
Progression often leads to intestinal obstruction.
Progression often requires movement between employers of different size and type or into management.
Progression usually is extremely rapid.
Progressive activation can enlarge the micropores into mesopores.
Progressive addition lenses Identify the common styles of progressive addition lenses.
Progressive arthritis can result, and when it does, it can be crippling.
Some progressive arthritis can develop from a badly damaged kneecap.
Progressive artists use the poster as a medium to reach a broad public.
Progressive attitudes exist in each sample, but as unconnected attitudes about different things.
Progressive builders are hard to find.
Progressive businesses work to attract and retain women.
Progressive cases can cause serious systemic disease that is occasionally fatal.
Progressive change occurs only because of struggle and militant mass action.
Progressive cities know and understand the importance of leisure services to their local economy.
Progressive classes are with instructor permission only.
Progressive communities have community composting available.
Progressive companies employ environmentally responsible business policies.
Progressive companies look there first for key business information.
Progressive companies look to energy-saving building systems and equipment to defray the extra cost.
Progressive companies participate in formal buyerseller partnerships.
Progressive companies recognize that diverse workforces are good for business.
Progressive companies rely on scorecards to track performance and link actions to objectives.
Progressive companies try to match the interests of executives and shareholders.
Progressive company wants an inquisitive, solution seeker.
Most progressive companies advertise vacancies on their own websites.
Most progressive companies have open books.
Progressive cylinders are completely interchangeable within a broad range of standard gun chassis.
Progressive defoliation is most obvious when pasture flora is inadequate in highly palatable plants.
Progressive dehydration can result in death within several weeks.
Progressive democracy is incompatible with liberty.
Progressive design features with prominent Mizuno branding.
Progressive difficulty chewing during a meal, for instance, is a common complaint.
Progressive dinners are a great way to get to know new people in a short amount of time.
Progressive dinners can be an adventure.
Progressive disability is likely.
Progressive disability is possible if the disorder is left untreated.
Progressive disability occurs very slowly with facioscapulohumeral muscular dystrophy.
Progressive discipline begins with a verbal reprimand to correct the employee's behavior.
Progressive discipline can be a frustrating, lengthy, time-consuming, yet necessary, process.
Progressive discipline helps companies deal with problem workers.
Progressive discipline incorporates an employee's entire work record.
Progressive discipline is warranted for violators.
Progressive discipline provides for a series of steps designed to remedy problems.
Progressive discipline requires a lot of documentation.
Progressive disease is the exception.
Progressive disease refers to a tumor that continues to grow despite treatment.
Progressive displays are now readily available.
Progressive dyes are dyes where there are several cuts before dye is finished.
Progressive education is seen as the panacea of Soviet societal ills.
Progressive education is the more interesting way for a child to learn.
Progressive education regards lectures, drills, rules, and homework as unimportant.
Progressive education seems to have replaced learning by rote with learning by reflex.
Progressive employees have a reputation for quality work and going the extra mile for each customer.
Progressive employers look for the ability to think outside the current or traditional paradigm.
Progressive employers provide their employees with multiple choices of federations to select from.
Progressive faith is like learning to ski down a slippery slope.
Progressive features are the marked external cingula of the molars.
Progressive felons are like addicts.
Progressive fisheries habitat management ensure a healthy fish population for years to come.
All progressive forces are under attack by the same forces and for the same reasons.
Progressive groups can often get air time.
All progressive groups are welcome to set up information stalls.
Progressive guns are quality throughout.
Progressive help is given as needed when the student is having difficulty with a particular problem.
Progressive help is given as needed.
Progressive ideology includes some good sense, which makes it difficult to recognise or oppose.
Progressive illustrations bring text to life.
Progressive instructors look for ways to enliven the content of instructional pages.
Progressive interviews offer the advantage of structure.
Progressive issues do seem to be of enormous importance to people.
Progressive Jackpots Play for the biggest jackpots on the internet.
Some progressive jackpots reach into the millions of dollars.
Progressive leadership is accountable leadership.
Progressive legislation is indispensable to the welfare of the trucking industry.
Progressive legislation is promoted.
Progressive lenses are also available.
Progressive lenses offer a more effective solution.
Progressive lenses provide more natural vision at all distances without the old-style bifocal lines.
Progressive lenses are a special case.
Progressive lenses offer wearers one continuous field of vision to see clearly at all distances.
Progressive lenses provide clear vision at all distances in one lens.
Progressive lenses work by basically buffing the bifocal line into the lens so it blends.
Progressive lessons build confidence aswell as skills and knowledge.
Progressive libraries seem to be turning their mission from ownership to access.
Progressive lie helps curve the club for more distance.
Progressive machines have the largest winning potential.
Most progressive machines accept anywhere from one to three coins.
Progressive media needs a strong foundation.
Progressive meshes are useful to reduce the amount of triangles.
Progressive motility is the movement of sperm in a fairly straight line.
Many progressive movements have originated in Europe - in any field one can think of.
Progressive muscle wasting leads to problems with walking, running, and balance.
Progressive muscle wasting occurs with aging.
Progressive music is a small corner of music as a whole.
Progressive music is musical compositions.
Progressive music is that which is discussed on r.m.p .
Progressive music is that which is discussed on r.m.p.
Progressive office needs several additions to their team.
Progressive offsets keep hands in consistent position at address and impact.
Progressive organisations seek to tap the hidden strength of intrinsic motivation.
Progressive parents feel that the world is full of great possibilities for their kids.
Progressive pellets raise the pressure more slowly than degressive propellants.
Progressive philanthropy strives to fund work that is proactive rather than reactive.
Progressive photographs show a duck's growth over a period of time.
Progressive pitch is a term used by some for the camber that is in a blade.
Progressive pitch starts low at the leading edge and progressively increases to the trailing edge.
Progressive plots focus on human acts that shape history.
Progressive populists believe in securing anti-poverty strategies in a broad, solidaristic agenda.
Progressive rates add virtually no complexity to the Internal Revenue Code.
Progressive rehabilitation is encouraged.
Progressive relaxation involves tensing and relaxing each muscle from the neck to the ankles.
Progressive relaxation is a popular relaxation technique that has been used for years.
Progressive relaxation is a technique used to reduce cancer pain in specific areas of the body.
Progressive relaxation is an effective therapy for inducing the relaxation response.
Progressive relaxation is another technique to reduce stress.
Progressive relaxation is great for relieving pent up muscle tension and soreness.
Progressive relaxation is the cure.
Progressive resistance exercises with vaginal cones or weights.
Progressive results can occur with regular usage and proper application.
Progressive revelation is progressive and revelation.
Progressive revisions are necessary to create the best result.
More progressive riders can find the progress bitty and interrupted.
A progressive rock is rock music
Progressive rock has a long and impressive history.
Progressive rock has been know to incorporate elements from several different music styles.
Progressive rock links .
Progressive rock resonates with the emotions very well.
Progressive rocks are progressive music.
Progressive rocks are rock music.
Progressive rocks are rocks.
Progressive Samplers Learn new stitches one at a time.
Progressive scan is supported.
Progressive scans require more bandwidth to transmit an analog signal than interlaced scanning.
Progressive specialization is the continuing division of areas of expertise.
Progressive systems require higher income people to pay a greater share of their income for taxes.
Progressive taxation is a demagogue's delight.
Progressive taxation is a form of negative feedback.
Progressive taxation is supposed to be a constitutional mandate and a fundamental policy.
Progressive taxes soak the rich, regressive taxes soak the poor.
Progressive taxes use a marginal tax rate that increases as the amount of taxable income increases.
Progressive teaching allows students to come to their own solutions while problem solving.
Progressive technology brings more sophisticated storm warning systems every year.
A progressive tense is a tense
Progressive tense is indicated with reduplication of verbs.
All progressive tenses use a form of be.
Progressive thinkers believe the characteristic of our age is that everything is possible.
More progressive thinkers consider IT to be an enabler.
Progressive transmission is still a challenging topic in the vector domain, however.
Some progressive unionists are skeptical.
More progressive units dispense with brass ornaments altogether.
Progressive waves are waves that move forward across the surface.
Progressive weakness is also an indication for more acute surgery.
Progressive weakness leads to being off balance.
Progressive weights offset the effect of the higher growth target.
Progressive weighting addresses a number of issues.
A progressive is a tense
Progressive approaches to pediatric wellness.
Progressive covers everything from jet-skis to cabin cruisers.
Progressive takes longer, however the quality is usually better.
Progressive takes pride in providing fast, fair and hassle-free claims service.
Progressive tends to be a rather level, peakless experience mild and middling.
Progressives are available in all lens materials and also made in aspheric form.
Progressives are available in all lens materials and are also made in aspheric form.
Progressives are jackpots that continue to increase in size until someone finally wins.
Progressives are magazines.
Progressives are no exception.
Progressives are notoriously petulant.
Progressives are people.
Progressives are right in feeling as hopeful as they do.
Progressives are tenses.
Progressives are the army of the saints.
Progressives argue that decency and moral behavior follow from multiple traditions.
Progressives believe in family values, but our concept of the family is more inclusive.
Progressives can identify the fallacies in the thickening media haze.
Progressives can take the moral lead by defending the country's essential integrity.
Progressives face wrenching debates, as well.
Progressives have a false consciousness of their own.
Progressives have all of the dies and the powder measure set up together.
Progressives have no where else to go, and the politicians know it.
Progressives have one answer, traditionalists another.
Progressives have only one option, to set up a new magnetic pole in U.S. politics.
Progressives lack a ready response.
Progressives say yes.
Progressives see FCAs as a way to provide consumers with the advocacy tools they lack.
Progressives see tax cuts as atavistic policy, a throwback to the past.
Progressives send far fewer letters than conservatives.
Progressives tend to squirm when encouraged to examine values at a personal level.
Progressives turn out to be traditionalists after all.
Progressives view the lack of affordable housing as the root of a variety of social ills.
Progressives welcome it with open arms.
Many progressives think that most lawyers represent and encourage a selfish constituency.
Some progressives engage in a kind of internecine warfare, a rhetoric of purity.
A progressivism is ideology
Progressivism is a faulty theory at any time.
Progressivism is much the opposite of perrenialism.
Progressivism is sometimes selfish, intolerant, boorish, unfair, mean-spirited and ugly.
Progressivism is the last political ideology.
Progressivism seeks to make education practical and applicable to the needs of students and society.
Progymnosperms are believed to link ferns to gymnosperms.
Progymnosperms stems are eusteles.
All Proheat products are anti-idle compliant.
Prohibit payment demands until appeals are heard.
Prohibition of alcohol is an example.
Prohibition signs appear at former naturist beaches.
A prohibition is a law
Prohibition actually encourages consumption by children.
Prohibition affects drug usage for the worse.
Prohibition aims to overthrow one of the greatest curses, the use of intoxicating drink.
Prohibition alienates a huge number of youths.
Prohibition also leads to police corruption.
Prohibition applies even if public entities are reimbursed for use of public funds for collection.
Prohibition applies even if public entity reimbursed for using public funds.
Prohibition arrives in America, the era of the bootlegger begins.
Prohibition begins in Canada, closing the local hotels as well.
Prohibition begins within a year.
Prohibition breeds corruption at every level of the criminal justice system.
Prohibition breeds corruption.
Prohibition breeds other kinds of corruption as well.
Prohibition breeds violence.
Prohibition can also occur by any of the other major aspects.
Prohibition can increase the number criminals in society.
Prohibition can lead to the corruption of public officials.
Prohibition causes crime and violence to increase.
Prohibition clearly does more harm than good.
Prohibition comes to an end.
Prohibition contributes to the spread of heroin addiction.
Prohibition corrupts the judicial system.
Prohibition defines drug-dependent people as criminals.
Prohibition enriches gangsters.
Prohibition enriches the worst criminals and leads to more violence.
Prohibition goes beyond reason in that it attempts to control a man's appetite through legislation.
Prohibition goes into effect in the United States.
Prohibition has a long and complicated history in Manitoba.
Prohibition has an unfortunate legacy of rendering ambitious politicians as puppets.
Prohibition has known consequences.
Prohibition has nothing to fear.
Prohibition has the effect of demonising heroin and dehumanising heroin users.
Prohibition has various other effects.
Prohibition includes blatant or direct advertising and corporate logos.
Prohibition increases crime, reduces self-responsibility and increases governmental power.
Prohibition is a good case in point.
Prohibition is a logical consequence.
Prohibition is a proper means of contesting the enforcement of discovery of privileged information.
Prohibition is a proven failure.
Prohibition is almost always a cure worse than the disease.
Prohibition is an awful flop.
Prohibition is better than no liquor at all.
Prohibition is considered one of the country's great legislative fiascoes.
Prohibition is costly, both in terms of social harm and the economic costs of enforcement.
Prohibition is counterproductive.
Prohibition is futile.
Prohibition is gone, but the atmosphere remains.
Prohibition is impossible if everyone supplies their own grass.
Prohibition is intended to accommodate both the serious diner and the casual sampler.
Prohibition is merely the title of the movement.
Prohibition is more dangerous than cannabis.
Prohibition is repealed.
Prohibition is repressive of religious rights.
Prohibition is responsible for the ease that children have getting illegal drugs.
Prohibition is the father.
Prohibition is the fundamental principle of drug policies.
Prohibition is the proper remedy to intercept and put an end to usurpation of jurisdiction.
Prohibition is to blame for a lot that's wrong with America today.
Prohibition is wrong in principle and has failed in practice.
Prohibition is wrong.
Prohibition keeps the obscene profits rolling in.
Prohibition leads to destruction of other liberties.
Prohibition leaves untreated addicts as the captured clients of the drug merchants.
Prohibition makes drugs exorbitantly expensive and highly uncertain in quality.
Prohibition means that the supply of drugs is in criminal hands.
Prohibition never works.
Prohibition now causes far more harm than the drug abuse itself.
Prohibition obviously yields some benefits.
Prohibition only emphasizes drug usage more.
Prohibition only serves to rob people and corrupt governments.
Prohibition provides an illuminating case study.
Prohibition recruits people into the violence of the drug trade.
Prohibition recruits people to serve as informants against their friends, family and neighbors.
Prohibition stands asa reminder of governmental limitations and policy failures.
Prohibition stimulates violence.
Prohibition violates a woman s right to make a choice.
Prohibitions apply to endangered species, their parts, and products.
Prohibitions are actions.
Prohibitions are developed over time and come from parents or other adults .
Prohibitions are developed over time and come from parents or other adults.
Prohibitions are laws.
Prohibitions are refusals.
Prohibitions are time periods.
Prohibitions effectively tax real wages, inducing high fertility.
Prohibitions exist in most States.
Prohibitions FECA bars certain individuals and groups from making contributions or expenditures.
Prohibition always has unintended consequences.
Prohibitions always affect some people that way, especially superficial and light -headed folks.
Some prohibitions are absolute.
A prohibitionist is a person
Prohibitionists are inhuman monsters with an addiction to minding other peoples' business.
Prohibitionists are so very predictable.
Prohibitionists take hypocritical refuge in a guns only interpretation of collective states' rights.
Prohibitionists win a referendum barring liquor from Fulton County.
Prohibitionists wrongly exclude the middle category.
Many prohibitionists seem to be almost fixated on cannabis.
Prohibitive charges carry their own injustice, as has been said of universal tax increases for fuel.
Prohibitive costs keep some people from even considering assisted living.
Prohibitive injunctions command a party to refrain from doing something.
Prohibitive issues are largely practical ones.
Prohibitive tariffs have a substantial effect on the sale of Canadian shrimp products to Europe.
Proinflammatory cytokines depress cardiac efficiency by a nitric oxide- dependent mechanism.
Proinflammatory cytokines regulate host immune and somatic tissues.
Project accounting remains hard to implement.
Project adventure is another part of our curriculum.
Project area contains knowledge related to project management, such as, plans and schedules.
Project area is a barrier zone set along the expanding population front.
Many project areas have workshops available.
Project C Make A and B work with floating point.
Project car has doghouse removed as well as the interior, but everything is there.
Project car needs to be finished.
Project Cars Needs partial or complete restoration.
Project cargoes are also a specialty.
Project cargos are a speciality.
Project collaboration begins.
Project Concern strives to transfer abilities and knowledge to local residents.
Project control helps to determine the direction of project.
Project control is simplified as costs of material, delivery and project planning are reduced.
Project control is that element of a project that keeps it on track, on-time and within budget.
Project Delta is ongoing.
Project development depends upon influencing and managing people, time and results.
Project development is still underway.
Project development starts with a design on paper and continues through to a working prototype.
Project engineers have the authority to handle exempt and express reviews quickly.
Project engineers supervise multiple crews and work at different job sites.
Some project engineers design pavement.
Project evaluation -Illustrate all steps where grading and drainage concerns come into play.
Project evaluation indicates that students mastered target knowledge.
Project evaluation involves collecting information in order to make decisions.
Project evaluation is an ongoing process.
Project evaluation is an on-going process.
Project evaluation is based on team deliverables and peer evaluations.
Project evaluation is based upon quality of the science and commercial potential.
Project evaluation is subjective.
Project evaluation is the general topic of the next chapter.
Project explorer allows to add a RC file with the same name a second time to the same project.
Project finance is an exercise of risk assessment, risk allocation and risk mitigation.
Project finance is an innovative and timely financing technique.
Project finance is the packaging of investment into specific, stand-alone projects.
Project finance seems then to be the appropriate response to the marketplace needs for financing.
Project financing gives customers the ability to focus on their core business.
Project financing is also available.
Project financing is an integral part of our proposal review, including long-term sustainability.
Project financing is another area of broad experience.
Project financing is available from two Zimbabwean development banks and a venture capital company.
Project financing is available.
Project financing is scarce, however, because of the commercial and political risks.
Project financing is the critical issue.
Project financing is the obvious way to go.
Project financing is the responsibility of the winning bidder.
Project financing offers several benefits to the customer.
Project funding can never fulfil a long term strategic role.
Project funding comes from a variety of auxiliary sponsored activities.
Project funding is available via a bidding system.
Project funding is based on a competitive two year cycle.
Project funding is based on the concept that other community stakeholders join with the university.
Project funding is designated for a particular task or project.
Project funding is provided by a variety of grant-making trusts and bodies.
Project funding is typically available for two or three years.
Project History works best when people can see themselves in it.
Project initiation phases involve key steps.
Project initiation phases involve steps.
Project leads are responsible for team leadership and resource allocation.
Project leaders are a very special breed of volunteer.
Project leaders are free forming.
Project leaders are responsible for copying all their documents into the archive.
Project leaders are responsible for ensuring that all working drafts are produced on time.
Project leaders are responsible for the activities of their project members.
Project leaders are vital to the youth program.
Project leaders call a brainstorm at the beginning of a new assignment or when they feel stumped.
Project leaders can also apply online for grants to help fund their activity.
Project leaders can gain experiences without involving money or having other risks.
Project leaders can instantly retrieve accurate reports of project status or billable time.
Project leaders can recurit volunteers by posting their event on the site.
Project leaders conduct project teams.
Project leaders conduct teams.
Project leaders develop division, campus-wide or consortium initiative.
Project leaders look for a balance.
Project leaders observe teachers and discuss suggestions for improved teaching.
Project leaders provide workshops.
Project leaders stay focused on their vision and the process.
Project leaders take the lead for individual projects.
Most project leaders conduct project teams.
Most project leaders conduct teams.
Most project leaders provide workshops.
Project Links Please direct comments, questions, suggestions to ICDP webteam .
Project management becomes easier when the left hand knows what the right hand is doing.
Project management communicates constantly through the process keeping everyone in the loop.
Project management concepts principles The interface is pretty straightforward and well-designed.
Project management contributes to social good and achievement.
Project management does take extra time.
Project management exercises.
Project management experiences a plus.
Project management gives new definition to work.
Project management gives the end user a total solution from a single source.
Project management has a definite beginning and end.
Project management has a demonstrated record of success.
Project management has both a source-code management flavor as well as a version control flavor.
Project management has many tools available to help with managing projects.
Project management helps track and report on the migration process.
Project management involves alot of phone calls, meetings, and paperwork.
Project management is a complex field that can involve subjective decision making.
Project management is a decision for the whole project partnership.
Project management is a demanding profession.
Project management is a difficult task in the best of circumstances.
Project management is a one-time carefully planned and organized effort to achieve a specific goal.
Project management is a plus.
Project management is a relatively new concept.
Project management is a science of coordination and balance.
Project management is a skill that needs to be acquired.
Project management is a specialty.
Project management is a structured but flexible process for producing a new end result.
Project management is a valuable skill with potentially significant cost implications.
Project management is about making all of the pieces work together.
Project management is about managing the unique tasks termed as projects.
Project management is about rules and processes.
Project management is also available as a service.
Project management is always tough.
Project management is an art.
Project management is an essential aspect of e-business implementation.
Project management is an essential element of our approach to interior design.
Project management is an important function.
Project management is an important part of our work.
Project management is an organized, systematic approach to achieving specific goals.
Project management is another skill that is still developing in the East.
Project management is at the heart of DoD acquisition.
Project management is conducted jointly with the customer.
Project management is crucial.
Project management is currently a topic of particular interest in the business press.
Project management is discussed, including considerations in selecting hardware platforms.
Project management is easier with the right tools.
Project management is emotion management.
Project management is essential for projects that present unusual or high risks.
Project management is hard work to do.
Project management is in place and is functioning well.
Project management is key to client satisfaction.
Project management is limited to contractor s daily work permits. . . .
Project management is management.
Project management is much more than just scheduling.
Project management is necessary as a decision tool for management.
Project management is never satisfied by just a plan.
Project management is no exception.
Project management is now an integral part of service delivery and customer support.
Project management is often a responsibility.
Project management is our specialty.
Project management is perfect for project tracking.
Project management is project management.
Project management is provided.
Project management IS risk management.
Project management is simple.
Project management is still difficult.
Project management is streamlined.
Project management is stressed.
Project management is the air traffic control of web development.
Project management is the answer.
Project management is the cornerstone of any business.
Project management is the hub of the wheel.
Project management is the ideal workgroup application.
Project management is the key element.
Project management is the key to any kind of library's building project success.
Project management is the key to ensure quality delivery.
Project management is the largest.
Project management is the management of a new conception.
Project management is the most important factor in determining the successful outcome of a project.
Project management is the necessary skill for taking an idea and bringing it to closure.
Project management is the next step up and is encouraged by client.
Project management is the process of managing the project process.
Project management is the responsibility of the client.
Project management is the responsibility of the local sponsors.
Project management is undertaken.
Project management is very rewarding, as everyone here is highly motivated.
Project management is, of course, a high order exercise in problem-solving.
Project management needs skills.
Project management needs to keep abreast in order to stay relevant.
Project management plays a vital role in shaping the future for businesses, large and small.
Project management provides a central source of information on compliance efforts.
Project management requires a specific skill set like any other IT technologist.
Project management requires team work.
Project management serves as a test bed.
Project management skills a plus.
Project management skills with strong interpersonal, negotiation and communication skills.
Project management templates.
Project management uses various measurement tools to accomplish and track project tasks.
Most project management needs skills.
Some project management follows major phases.
Some project management follows phases.
Some project management is required.
Project manager describe specific applications through case-study presentations.
Project manager keeps the team on right track and is responsible for maintaining the schedule.
Project manager provides a focal point for the client.
Project managers apply principles.
Project managers are another key element.
Project managers are managers.
Project managers are most efficient when such adjustments can be made rapidly.
Project managers are responsible to a customer for successful completion of a project.
Project managers are typically engineers, CNEs, or MCSEs.
Project managers are usually too valuable to do significant amounts of research themselves.
Project managers begin work on summary reports.
Project managers believe that it has helped their recruitment process. . . .
Project managers can also choose which authentication option they want for their own accounts.
Project Managers can automatically generate reports on project hours and billable dollars.
Project managers can brush up on a single subject or complete a full accredited education programme.
Project managers can control the publishing of information with ease and effectiveness.
Project managers can define the scope and requirements of a project and find the right talent.
Project Managers can focus on real project issues rather than logistics and project infrastructure.
Project managers can keep project progress information up to date.
Project managers can now view sites from any one location.
Project managers can often write their own ticket.
Project managers can perceive progress information visually instead of numerically.
Project Managers can provide information, literature, demonstrations, and third-party referrals.
Project Managers can query the database to locate resources with a specific skill or skills.
Project managers can quickly locate and select qualified professionals.
Project managers can request custom Web site space , which can be used to set up custom Web pages.
Project managers can select qualified professionals.
Project managers can select which modules to include in a project.
Project managers can set up warnings on specific projects, phases or tasks.
Project managers can then get reports that show Plan to Actual and Plan to Forecast.
Project managers create review phases for each project.
Project managers develop new applications.
Project managers develop workplans for current projects.
Project managers develop workplans for each project as they arise.
Project managers document the timing, method and date of resolution.
Project managers evaluate alternatives.
Project managers expect an early spring completion of the effort.
Project managers have a short-term view of the relationship with a contractor.
Project managers have numerous measurements to track the economic return of a project.
Project managers have their own, and sometimes-different interpretations of faster, better, cheaper.
Project managers have to be able to hear what people are saying.
Project managers have to be the constant.
Project managers implement project work plans for current projects.
Project managers learn a way to plan and control their projects from start to finish.
Project managers maximize the effectiveness and efficiency of our worldwide efforts.
Project managers post work for customer approval.
Project managers provide technical support.
Project managers rave about our ability to meet deadlines and deliver unimpeachable data.
Project managers say the challenge now is to develop an in-house process to stay current.
Project managers schedule tasks with little regard for critical knowledge timing and capacity.
Project managers send team members specific tasks lists with due dates.
Project managers strive to work as an extension of the client's staff.
Project managers take responsibility for preparing design drawings and all technical details.
Project managers use checklists to estimate and control projects.
Project managers use the business requirements as their guide when they shop for technology.
Project managers use their leadership to coordinate specialists allocated to the project.
Project managers utilise it for project planning and management.
Project managers weigh necessity against affordability and either include or eliminate features.
Project managers work overtime often, ensuring prompt replies to customer e-mails.
Project managers work with suppliers.
Every project manager needs two things, conceptual knowledge and application knowledge.
Every project manager speaks English fluent.
Every project manager starts from and is held accountable to a common set of standards.
Most project managers apply principles.
Most project managers are PEngs and project management itself is almost a religion.
Most project managers evaluate alternatives.
Most project managers work with suppliers.
Some project managers find defects.
Some project managers serve as experts.
Some project managers serve as financial experts.
Project objectives range from simple accept-reject decisions to detailed material characterization.
Project offices are active in Bangladesh, Brazil, China and Poland.
Project offices give support and take data.
Some project phases have activities.
Project plan phases consist of follow steps.
Project plan phases consist of steps.
Project plan is developed and research begun.
Project plan is prepared based on resource availability and project timeline.
Project plans are in motion for an Asia campaign.
Project plans call for dual systems to be eventually installed at two other subdivisions.
Project plans can also change as a member's interests and needs change.
All project plans are subject to change.
Every project plan includes a plan for appropriate technology transfer.
Every project plan includes four phases.
Project planning begins with the computation of a task set selector value.
Project planning incorporates local values through an extensive public involvement program.
Project planning is a necessary part of any project, whether it be web or print-based.
Project planning is consultative of key stakeholders.
Project planning is now under way.
Project planning is now well underway with a project completion time estimated at two years.
Project planning is very ugly and drawn out.
Project planning proceeds both before and after property acquisition.
Project planning serves as a foundation for several related functions.
Most project planning is built upon best-estimates for activity costs and completion times.
Project scope is identified and defined.
Project scope ranges from simple picnic shelters to multi-million dollar public buildings.
Project scopes can include requirements definition, product selection, deployment, and training.
Project specification is under discussion now.
Project specifications are much more important for determining the quality of the product.
Project specifications are norms.
Project specifications remain uncertain.
Project sponsor agrees to an on-site visit if needed as part of project evaluation.
Project sponsor is Blue Earth County.
Project sponsors can be cities, counties, special service districts and state and federal agencies.
Project sponsors continue to work toward commercialization of hybrid poplar plantings.
Project sponsors disappear in mid-project.
Project sponsors vary from nonprofits to businesses to local governments.
All project sponsors are responsible for printing, photography, and illustration costs.
All project sponsors are welcome to participate in the site visits.
Many project sponsors offer financial assistance to doctoral students.
Project sponsorship is on a first come-first served basis.
Project stakeholders are people involved in the project or impacted by the project.
Project success depends heavily on group work, which depends heavily on everyone's participation.
Project success depends upon utilizing today's sophisticated techniques of project management.
Project success hinges on targeting key decision-makers with an effective presentation strategy.
Project success is dependent upon long term survival.
Project success is important at every level.
Project success lies in planning, re-planning, flexibility and creativity.
Project team develops a policy and catalogs resources.
Project team is highly motivated and competent.
Project team lead on product development, including electrical engineering coordination.
Project team list The team also use a closed list to discuss project activity.
Project team receives information on client needs and budget frame.
Project team receives outright threats.
Project teams accomplish more because they can exchange information faster.
Project teams are formed, trained, the project is completed and then the team is dissolved.
Project teams are groups people who come together to perform work or task-oriented activities.
Project teams are self-forming subject to the professor's approval.
Project teams are self-governing.
Project teams are small groups brought together to work on a specific project.
Project teams are the most effective way to get things done.
Project teams can be in 'limbo' before starting.
Project teams can collectively identify, define, estimate, analyze, communicate and report risk.
Project teams can use the week as the kick off for an initiative.
Project teams change from project to project.
Project teams complete activities.
Project teams complete tasks.
Project teams consist of one to five students.
Project teams decides to add functionality and additional components to board.
Project teams discuss allwork-approach methods and make decisions as a group.
Project teams dislike progress charts because it manifests their lack of progress.
Project teams explore numerous approaches to sustainable economic recovery and growth.
Project teams flock together in airy sections, creating a temporary nest.
Project teams have access to their facilitator to assist in the development of their projects.
Project teams have access to their mentor to assist in the development of their projects.
Project teams manage limited duration projects.
Project teams produce measured drawings, large-format photography, and written histories.
Project teams put up an emerging story in the form of documents, slide shows, flow charts, and maps.
Project teams rely on the participation, input, and opinions of all team participants.
Project teams share knowledge within and between business units to redesign work processes.
Project teams share lessons in managing change and building great executive sponsorship.
Project teams sit together.
Project teams use it to collaborate and track development.
Most project teams complete activities.
Most project teams complete tasks.
Some project teams determine designs.
Some project teams determine logical designs.
A project is work
Project abstracts due.
Project accounting All usage accounting is based on projects.
Project addresses the issues of robust numerical and geometric computation.
Project addresses the theme.
Project advances in technology.
Project aimed at mending lagoon A mangrove stands near the shore of the Indian River Lagoon.
Project aims at better hygienic conditions, and better biotechnological results from each batch.
Project aims Some groups went further.
Project aims to conduct and support additional screening projects throughout the year.
Project aims to encourage and enhance parental involvement in the child s intellectual development.
Project aims to establish the frequency and distribution of Armillaria spp.
Project aims to improve students' problem-solving and organization skills.
Project aims to improve the problem-solving and organization skills of high school students.
Project aims to provide taxonomic and general information, images, references for all forms of life.
Project aims to reduce diabetes complications in nursing home patients.
Project aims to tackle supply crisis by empowering citizens .
Project allows for low bandwidth video conferencing.
Project appears busy or boring.
Project approved by teacher, completed on time, fits description of project, excellent effort.
Project approved by teacher, completed on time, fits description of project, some effort.
Project are a useful resource.
Project are fun, exciting, challenging, messy and creative.
Project are grade appropriate.
Project autosave and project recovery from autosaved versions.
Project barely addresses problems.
Project based group work provides students the opportunity to take ownership of their own learning.
Project based learning is a common method of reinforcing student learning in technology.
Project begins fielding.
Project begins in spring.
Project begins late spring into summer.
Project begins mid-february .
Project begins with meetings to discuss viability of a twin-cylinder model.
Project benefits local people.
Project boosts hopes for Center City's western edge.
Project briefing documents, environmental statements and funding information is included.
Project budgeting Many accounting systems do no support project or process budgeting.
Project calendars They set the standard working and nonworking times for the project as a whole.
Project can be either individual or two-person team.
Project changes due to release of call for comment.
Project changes in offered services by year.
Project combines mitigation funds with other funding sources.
Project combines panoramic and still images to give a tour of the cabin and land.
Project comes close to meeting expectations, and report is well organized and written .
Project comes with a printed manual and extensive online help.
Project concludes with an assessment of potential petroleum traps.
Project concludes with written technical report.
Project conducts workshops and conferences and produces of extension material.
Project consists of a floodway diversion infiltration basin.
Project consists of a hiking trail with landscaping, drinking fountains, and signage.
Project consists of a series of jpeg images.
Project consists of approx.
Project consists of grading, base, and paving.
Project consists of grading, base, drainage, and asphalt concrete pavement.
Project consists of striping modifications and signage.
Project consists of tree and brush slashing, slash treatment, and related work.
Project contains one generation of information with dates.
Project contains parts, title screen, menu, art and information.
Project contains photos, animation, text, and sound.
Project contains three or more generations of information with pictures and dates.
Project contains two generations of information with dates.
Project contains two generations of information with pictures and dates.
Project continues to enjoy success and recognition.
Project costing for long term contracts exceeding one year is flexible and highly competitive.
Project culminates in a product and an oral presentation.
Project culminates in a thesis and presentation.
Project culminates in both a written and oral presentation of the proposed facility design.
Project culminates in formal, competitive presentations.
Project culminates with a national conference to institutionalize criminal justice reform in Egypt.
Project dates to be announced soon.
Project dealing with the three components above are underway.
Project demands commitment and dependability.
Project demonstrates a local application of the Internet only.
Project demonstrates poor thinking skills.
Project demonstrates some learning has occured.
Project demonstrates that little learning has occured.
Project designed to change how the transaction processes are conducted is more complex.
Project develops an award-winning introductory computer science curriculum.
Project directly relates to an improvement in the sportfishing resource.
Project distances along the contours back to the map view.
Project draws the user in and grabs their attention immediately .
Project effectively scaffolds student learning to produce desired outcome.
Project enables one to copy the specified domains instead of the entire tuple.
Project encourages pedestrian lifestyle.
Project endpoints onto the screen.
Project engagements frequently require the viewing or handling of sensitive client information.
Project enhances a family's ability to play through the use of assistive technology.
Project estimates on request.
Project even start.
Project examples Child rights Raising awareness of children's rights Combating child abuse.
Project exhibits attention to details.
Project expenses by listing the items necessary to complete the goal.
Project expenses nevertheless exceed the profit.
Project experience a plus.
Project features amusements, including a ferris wheel and a train.
Project finishes four years ahead of schedule.
Project flows well and is interesting.
Project focus on farm and ranch profitability .
Project focuses on a problem of interest to the practicing engineering community.
Project Get Together .
Project gets little reaction .
Project goes beyond use in existing curriculum.
Project goes near reservoirs.
Project grades with comments to group members.
Project grading instructions are online.
Project guarantees full protection for employees rights.
Project has aesthetic appeal.
Project has both a faculty and site sponsor.
Project has community support and minimal impact on affected communities and property owners.
Project has four parts.
Project has pool, clubhouse and tennis.
Project has potential impact beyond the involved classrooms.
Project has potential to attract funding.
Project has potential to become multi-million dollar investment.
Project has potential to generate income through marketing.
Project has potential to involve or have an impact on the entire campus community.
Project has potential to lead significant future funding from state, federal, and other sources.
Project has seasonal conservation pool.
Project has to include data.
Project has two or more investigators representing two or more institutions.
Project has yet to reach prototype evaluation stage, whatever that means.
Project help notebooks - preliminary edition.
Project identifies other funding sources to supplement mitigation funds.
Project includes a gas boiler and air cooled electric condensing unit.
Project includes a homepage with navigational elements.
Project includes a map of the region where the conflict is located.
Project includes a master landscaping plan, playground equipment, grills, and picnic tables.
Project includes a new roadway and railroad bridge and relocation of the railroad tracks.
Project includes a qualitative and a quantitative component.
Project includes a trip to industry and oral presentation to class.
Project includes a videotape and accompanying typescript. .
Project includes a written report and requires the use of various design techniques and methods.
Project includes all required components.
Project includes all students as beneficiaries.
Project includes an authentic task or ill-structured problem.
Project includes demolition of an existing single-family dwelling unit.
Project includes demolition of existing structures.
Project includes demolition of two commercial structures.
Project includes designing reports, documents, and interfaces.
Project includes developing and maintaining a new web site aimed at youth with disa bilities.
Project includes developing implications for advertising planning and budgeting.
Project includes developing requirements, specifications, and design of a software system.
Project includes development and evaluation of a user interface.
Project includes downloadable .sew files.
Project includes earthwork, drainage structures, demolition and utility relocation.
Project includes equipment cabinets to be located within the building on the third floor.
Project includes expanded area and equipment.
Project includes four new classrooms.
Project includes grading, surfacing, signal installation, and signing.
Project includes guided interpretive tours.
Project includes installation of a concrete slab with three equipment cabinets on private property.
Project includes installation of three wells and one domestic water hook-up.
Project includes landscape improvements.
Project includes lighting, landscaping, and sidewalks.
Project includes little text, pictures, and diagrams.
Project includes making a set of oars and a wooden trailer.
Project includes no graphics.
Project includes noise and screening walls adjacent to the residential areas east of the road.
Project includes organization and selection of material, technicians, auditions, etc.
Project includes overhead signs, destination signs, street name and parking signs, and kiosks.
Project includes representation from approximately five groups.
Project includes research, education, and conservation components.
Project includes road closures, red pine thinning, and campsite designation.
Project includes road closures.
Project includes software and hardware work.
Project includes some text and few pictures or diagrams.
Project includes strenuous physical labor.
Project includes technical design, economic analysis, environmental impacts, and regulations.
Project includes testing of film to determine extent of damage.
Project includes the preparation and development of a systematically designed unit of instruction.
Project includes underground parking.
Project includes upgrade of signals, drainage, and crosswalks.
Project includes video, CD-ROM, curriculum guide and training of teachers.
Project includes working with the state to look at traffic.
Project incorporates components or information beyond agreed upon levels.
Project interim documents, communications, and other material are available for download.
Project involves a complete workflow system, including security aspects, and rights management.
Project involves all stages of design and testing - from conception to operation.
Project involves converting existing paper museum records to electronic format.
Project involves design of a new or modified mechanical system with demonstrated feasibility.
Project involves extensive interdisciplinary effort and expert testimony.
Project involves extensive use of OCXs.
Project involves heavy computer application and some theoretical development.
Project involves institutes from eight countries.
Project involves milling existing asphalt and placement of new asphalt wearing course.
Project involves overlaying existing asphalt.
Project involves overlaying existing parking lot and striping.
Project involves printing of bank statements.
Project involves regrading lot and replacing asphalt.
Project involves relational database work to set up a coding system and add fields to a database.
Project involves renovation on the third floor to refurbish nursing units.
Project involves study of immune responses to prostate cancer in a mouse model.
Project involves the development of a basic chemical ordinary differential equation solver.
Project involves the development of a statewide centralized juvenile justice information system.
Project involves travel to rural New England communities.
Project involves use of human subjects.
Project involves use of vertebrate animals.
Project involves using molecular markers to study heterosis in alfalfa.
Project involving data collection analysis of a queuing system is required.
Project is a campaign to promote critical and creative thought on economic issues and vision.
Project is a collaborative effort of key concerned parties in the area.
Project is a combination of new development and getting old stuff to work.
Project is a cooperative endeavor for and by all people interested in the study of personality.
Project is a dream come ttrue for young filmmaker.
Project is a family event that celebrates the history and magic of popular dance in America.
Project is a good example of a collaboration between the fields of health and literacy.
Project is a longitudinal field study of processes of change.
Project is a partnership with an oil company, which owns the land around a large refinery.
Project is a planned activity, leading to the accomplishment of a certain objective.
Project is a positive effort to control weapons, but it ignores larger issues.
Project is a program for improving the science literacy of youth.
Project is a requirement.
Project is a retro style.
Project is a small wall hanging.
Project is a structure powder diffractometer.
Project is a top PARC priority.
Project is abandoned.
Project is accurate, neat, spelled correctly, grammatically correct, and is completed on time.
Project is administered by a mental health agency in local middle schools.
Project is administered in middle schools by a local family planning clinic.
Project is administered in middle schools by a local health department.
Project is administered in schools and other community-based settings by a local health department.
Project is advertised with a call for bids.
Project is aligned with national, state, or district standards.
Project is almost scratched.
Project is ambiguous, or little progress is made.
Project is amended to increase local funds for a cost in project cost.
Project is an emotional event.
Project is an evidence-based protocol.
Project is an interdisciplinary, cross-institutional collaborative effort.
Project is an ongoing qualitative research study involving gifted adolescents.
Project is an outgrowth of the abiding expertise and experience of the investigator.
Project is announced to school leadership groups.
Project is annual volume of Illinois court of claims reports.
Project is another capital asset application developer, just like hero TCSI today.
Project is applicable to other classrooms.
Project is approval is contingent upon state cost share approval.
Project is approved for further research and planning based on the justification attached.
Project is arranged between individual student and instructor.
Project is assessed to determine whether there are existing or potential historic properties.
Project is available for download HERE .
Project is built using stock bevels and cabinet door frames and is constructed with zinc.
Project is carried out at the student's ministry site.
Project is centered on curriculum.
Project is chosen and completed by the student.
Project is clear, logical and well organized.
Project is closed out.
Project is closed.
Project is cohesive.
Project is committed to improving science teaching and teaching with technology.
Project is complete except for punch list.
Project is complete with all six sections adequately covered.
Project is complete.
Project is completed and data being analyzed.
Project is completed and data is currently being analyzed.
Project is completed when site is ready to be registered on the Internet.
Project is completed.
Project is consistent with locally adopted environmental plans and goals.
Project is constructed of lead copper foil and copper foil overlay.
Project is cost efficient with costs held to a minimum.
Project is cost efficient.
Project is currently in design phase.
Project is currently in the environmental assessment phase.
Project is currently in the preliminary design phase.
Project is currently in the remedial phase.
Project is currently on hold as appeals are continuing.
Project is currently on hold.
Project is currently on schedule.
Project is currently online, in search of grant monies to begin.
Project is currently under construction.
Project is currently underway.
Project is decomposed into set of tasks.
Project is deemed important to city s downtown revitalization efforts.
Project is defined as a furniture procurement which involves construction, alterations, etc.
Project is delayed for policy reasons.
Project is dependent upon significant IT support and support from departments.
Project is described here.
Project is designed for an adv.
Project is divided in three parts.
Project is divided into iterations.
Project is due before final exam. .
Project is due last day of classes.
Project is due last week of class.
Project is due.
Project is essential to system operation.
Project is executed with respect to the elements defined in the proposal.
Project is focused on the task elements.
Project is for facilities response plan.
Project is funded by previous year commitments.
Project is funded for approximately two years, with continuation beyond possible.
Project is funded for design and construction.
Project is funded to assist in the advancement of resource discovery on the Internet.
Project is funded.
Project is fused and slumped in the kiln.
Project is generally informative and organized but some material missing or incomplete.
Project is grant funded.
Project is guided by a staff member.
Project is here to help.
Project is highly visible and fosters awareness of exotics issues.
Project is in active development stage.
Project is in final engineering stage.
Project is in folder or bound.
Project is in keeping with policies at an institutional level.
Project is in preparation stage and initial data-base is already created.
Project is in progress.
Project is in the schematic design phase.
Project is incomplete or demonstrates minimal understanding of subject matter.
Project is incomplete.
Project is innovative.
Project is intended for the integrated delivery network, care provider system.
Project is intended to bring employment and income to the tribe.
Project is intended to engage the student in the task of practical theology.
Project is introduced by teachers.
Project is large.
Project is late or barely manages to satisfy the criteria of the assignment.
Project is late.
Project is legible and easy to understand.
Project is located in Precinct Nos.
Project is located in Southern California.
Project is managed all the way, from the planning phase to the end of the project.
Project is narrow and focused, easy to summarize and visualize.
Project is near completion.
Project is neat, organized, and well-packaged.
Project is needed to address an urgent health or safety concern.
Project is neutral relative to the specific evaluation criteria.
Project is new construction of large family housing with a mix of three and four bedroom units.
Project is new construction of nine buildings consisting of three and four bedroom family units.
Project is non-commercial and fully committed to free access for everyone.
Project is now in fund-raising mode.
Project is now in the design and development phase.
Project is of significance requiring attention due to liability concerns.
Project is of the student s choosing, subject to approval of the instructor.
Project is of the student's choosing, subject to approval of the instructor.
Project is on geometric algorithms and visualization associated with wireless communications.
Project is on going.
Project is on hold.
Project is on schedule.
Project is on target for the scheduled completion deadline.
Project is one stage, or more, in a longer program.
Project is ongoing including long term operational compatibility testing.
Project is ongoing throughout the fiscal year.
Project is on-going.
Project is ongoing.
Project is online.
Project is only open to UIUC students.
Project is open to all business concerns.
Project is open to all grades.
Project is open to participation by all artists.
Project is oriented on computational and informational aspects of X-ray structure determination.
Project is our main activity.
Project is owned and maintained by local government - Warwick Township.
Project is part of strategy to reduce current deficit in classroom and laboratory space.
Project is performed by a group of two to five students depending on the size and complexity.
Project is positive p.r. for all involved.
Project is presented.
Project is proprietary and limited information can be disclosed.
Project is ready to join left and right top wing and install it on airframe.
Project is realistic for the student's background, the time frame, and the amount of funding.
Project is redone, by the students, using objects.
Project is related to a special system used at departmental discretion.
Project is released publicly for all to use.
Project is required.
Project is run each semester.
Project is seasonal.
Project is set in a dicey dual time zone.
Project is significant, and can coordinate another volunteer day and incorporate bridge.
Project is smaller.
Project is somewhat neat, but needs work.
Project is somewhat organized.
Project is stalled for lack of funds.
Project is still ahead of schedule.
Project is still on hold.
Project is still ongoing.
Project is still under review.
Project is subject to receipt of necessary permits and approvals.
Project is such a program.
Project is supervised by a faculty member.
Project is supervised by student's advisor and is to be completed in the quarter before graduation.
Project is suspended from an oak and wire display stand.
Project is tax exempt.
Project is technically excellent, improvement can be made in format, continuity and expression.
Project is technically feasible and appropriate to the project goals.
Project is the development of an interdisciplinary secondary mathematics and science curriculum.
Project is the focus for studies of less intensive crop management.
Project is thorough and relevant to the course topic.
Project is tied in with necessary road work.
Project is to benefit the rowing and paddling community.
Project is to include sidewalks and necessary drainage improvements.
Project is trimmed to finished size and packed flat in cartons convenient for shipping.
Project is truncated.
Project is typed and neatly presented.
Project is under construction.
Project is under preparation, currently in the appraisal stage.
Project is unorganized and hard to understand.
Project is well organized and creative.
Project is well organized.
Project is well planned and ready to proceed.
Project is well under way.
Project is well-organized.
Project just uses information learned from the book or class notes.
Project lacks a creative section.
Project lacks imagination and vision.
Project launch a campaign to raise funds to clear a minefield.
Project leads refine project scope documents, timelines, and budgets.
Project Leads Responsible for the functioning of the team.
Project learning incorporates meta-learning or reflective learning.
Project levee - A federally designated and funded levee.
Project lights the way forward Finding a roof for the homeless is the first step.
Project links students to the broader community and their own futures.
Project links students to the community.
Project look at tourism.
Project looks a long way from finishing, but there are some terms available.
Project looks to provide families with ways to play through the use of assistive technology.
Project maintains Archives for user donated files regarding Israel genealogy and history.
Project makes sure memories survive.
Project manage high-level publications production.
Project manage nation wide telecommunications installation projects.
Project manage new equipment, technology and processes.
Project manage other large projects including setting International standards.
Project manage significant development projects.
Project manage site-wide projects involving the roll out of new design standards across the service.
Project manage the build - out of the space and manage the facility.
Project manage the engagement of remote services customers.
Project manage to see their vision to completion.
Project manages of the sales process from quoting to hand-off.
Project manages up to two additional consultants or associates.
Project means a project described in the Quality Jobs Act and approved by the board.
Project meets regional economic development strategy.
Project needs and prepare requests for funds, equipment, and other resources.
Project needs change from month to month.
Project needs extensive editing.
Project needs for equipment and prepare request for the above programs.
Project needs for space.
Project needs little or no editing.
Project needs some editing.
Project needs the right people.
Project needs to be completed before intern departs.
Project needs to be continued.
Project needs to be coordinated with the Ovid nursing journals project.
Project notes and Referencing the web.
Project notes report and setup form .
Project objectives Clearly describe the objectives of the project.
Project objectives Identify the characteristics of indigent defense systems.
Project objectives into the medium term - over two years.
Project offers service opportunities to students and staff.
Project outlines some of the guidelines used in forming our privacy policy.
Project owns one functional spare for each major component in the electronics.
Project peacemakers annual eco-friendly diner.
Project planning for the remainder of the biennium is underway.
Project plans for machine tools.
Project plans for the buses currently utilize diesel electric hybrid engines to cut emissions.
Project plans for the future.
Project presents a complete picture of a good civilization.
Project presents a partial picture of a good civilization.
Project presents a poor picture of a good civilization.
Project presents an adequate picture of a good civilization.
Project produce the mural paintings.
Project promotes better health and well-being for older people from Black and Asian communities.
Project proposes a good approach to a recognized problem.
Project provides community services or meets community needs.
Project provides experience with production-quality translators.
Project provides families with ways to play through the use of assistive technology.
Project range over a variety of processes in an array of industries.
Project receives national award for design.
Project reflects a semester credit of high school work.
Project reflects the library's increasingly central role in Anderson.
Project related files can be huge though.
Project relates to the corporation's technology plan and school's improvement plan.
Project remains abandoned due to other higher priorities.
Project reports and some technical information.
Project reports due.
Project reports for setting up SSIs.
Project reports from groups.
Project reports on assignments due at regular intervals.
Project reports on their work as well as further links are also available.
Project reports The various project reports are available here.
Project reports Under construction.
Project reports, as appropriate, from community sources.
Project requires a small plastic sand bucket.
Project requires analysis and synthesis of relevant topics.
Project requires careful data analysis and systematic presentation.
Project requires credibility.
Project requires departmental approval.
Project requires objectivity.
Project requires research instrument development and analysis.
Project requires three pints of glue and two pints of weather coating .
Project requires working of three or four people.
Project results at quarter end.
Project results due.
Project results so far are interesting and encouraging.
Project results to evaluate quality and most desirable line width.
Project revenues to be generated by the development.
Project reviews due.
Project s generate and absorb significant quantities of information .
Project scarcely addresses problems.
Project schedules Critical path analysis for overall project.
Project scope too large to manage by the corporate team.
Project scopes range all the way to design, procure and build.
Project seeks to convert half of America to wilderness.
Project seeks to encourage scholarship and ambition among Latina students.
Project seems haphazard, hurried or unfinished The organization of subject matter is disorganized.
Project seems haphazard, hurried or unfinished.
Project serves as a take-home final exam.
Project serves community interests.
Project settings Various options for a project.
Project sheets online.
Project showcases on diversity within the university and among surrounding communities.
Project shows creativity, neat, and well organized.
Project shows details.
Project shows evidence of research by each member of the group.
Project shows good detailed knowledge on the topic.
Project shows how game programmers use the properties of triangles to create action.
Project shows little to no detail on the topic.
Project shows little understanding of the topic by the student.
Project shows no extra research.
Project shows research by some members of the group.
Project shows some creativity, mostly neat and well organized.
Project shows some details.
Project shows some knowledge on the topic.
Project shows some organization.
Project shows that student appears to understand the topic.
Project sign up on the Web page.
Project somewhat flows and has some interesting items included.
Project sounds healthy and sustainable without usual fiscal fixation.
Project speak out.
Project sponsors state that financing the project was difficult and took about one year to arrange.
Project starts in earnest.
Project starts to address deficit in research, teaching laboratory and open laboratory space.
Project starts to address research space deficit.
Project still needs work.
Project studentships .
Project studies the impact of biomass burning on atmospheric chemistry and biogeochemical cycles.
Project studies the many varieties.
Project suggests how to raise hermit crabs.
Project supports efforts to improve the safety of children being transported in ambulances.
Project supports strategic historic preservation goals.
Project takes advantage of few communication and research capabilities of the Internet.
Project talks front of fair office bldg.
Project targets women of color.
Project teaches moms, dads how to make learning fun Most children have a natural desire to play.
Project template for quick project creation.
Project tracks the spread of nuclear and missile technologies and materials.
Project turning trash into treasure One person's litter is another person's saving grace.
Project updates all shared resources and tasks.
Project updates on improvements to the longest single road in the state.
Project uses a background of deep blue to depict the ocean depths.
Project uses a variety of techniques to appeal to audience.
Project uses compiler writing tools.
Project uses many features that are native to the project management field.
Project uses special technology to help users find solutions to problems.
Project varies in areas of focus, scope, and size of budget.
Project view north with vegetation.
Project volunteers first poll villagers to find out what knowledge they want.
Project wants to assist corporations in achieving balance on their board.
Project widens roadway.
Project work currently in progress.
Project work including design sessions, no weekly practice sessions.
Project working papers are now available for download.
Project works on sustainable community development, empowerment, and education.
Projects abound in numerous academic departments, which can be found on the the above pages.
Projects accomplish many things for the student.
Projects achieve their specific goals.
Projects address a wide range of issues confronting urban areas.
Projects address complex business problems under the supervision of a senior consultant.
Projects address economic and business aspects such as commercial viability.
Projects address solutions to open ended applications using an integrated engineering approach.
Projects address specific problems in design.
Projects address the categories of book, editorial, institutional and advertising illustration.
Projects address the elements and principles of ceramic art as outlined below.
Projects address the elements and principles of sculpture as outlined below.
Projects address the elements and principles of three-dimensional design as outlined below.
Projects addressing the needs of transition-age students are a natural focus.
Projects aim at sustainable, adaptable, and systemic improvements in schools and colleges.
Projects aimed at developing working models of the hybrid library are underway.
Projects aimed at improving stream habitats for game fish appear to benefit lampreys as well.
Projects allow easy access to multi-packaged java files.
Projects allow students to practice in the live application.
Projects allow students to work in depth on a problem of interest to both themselves and industry.
Projects already approved include the following.
Projects already are operational in Angola, Ivory Coast and South Africa.
Projects also add cover for adult fish and improve spawning areas.
Projects also aim to provide professional development to staff in higher education.
Projects also construct houses, schools, and clinics.
Projects also cover a wide range of related information on smoking, alcohol and sexual health.
Projects also feature ideas for customizing each storage piece to meet individual needs.
Projects also focus on low-fire materials and processes and electric kiln firing.
Projects also gain points if they are constructed entirely within a classroom setting.
Projects also have the underlying goal that their activities lead to systemic changes.
Projects also improve the community by reclaiming land and building a playground for young people.
Projects also investigate the changing role of central cities in their regional economies.
Projects also involve integration of word processing, spreadsheet, and database.
Projects also promote employment, independence, socialization, and increased mobility.
Projects also provide work-based learning opportunities, mentors, and encourage parent involvement.
Projects also require the input of more influential stakeholders.
Projects analyze suitable mechanisms and provide concrete policy recommendations.
Projects announced by former ministers are in the process of implementation.
Projects appear to be the single most important idea.
Projects are a combination of both hard skills and soft skills.
Projects are a compilation of products specified and selected.
Projects are a great learning tool.
Projects are a great way to build confidence, coordination, and self pride.
Projects are a key element in many modules, often involving site visits and conducting surveys.
Projects are a key element in many modules, often involving site visits.
Projects are a little text heavy.
Projects are a major part of the course.
Projects are a mix of hardware and software.
Projects are about people .
Projects are accepted on a first come, first serve basis.
Projects are all e-commerce.
Projects are all in the general area of educational media.
Projects are all of a practical nature and directly applicable to agriculture.
Projects are already under way in Europe, Asia and the United States.
Projects are already under way in the Member States.
Projects are already underway.
Projects are also available in other parts of the country, call for current locations.
Projects are also available in the area of gas separation using polymers.
Projects are also available to undergraduate students taking part in international exchange schemes.
Projects are also available.
Projects are also concerned with quality issues.
Projects are also more widely dispersed across the nation.
Projects are also under way in Florida, Texas and Wyoming.
Projects are also under way in the United Kingdom, Ireland, and Mexico.
Projects are also underway to create high speed trains that hover above the track.
Projects are also underway to include environmental and archeological data.
Projects are also welcome to display relevant project information on laptop computers.
Projects are always due for instructor evaluation one week after the final critique.
Projects are always in our plants, under our control and the watchful eyes of our employees.
Projects are always neat and completed by the due date.
Projects are always on-going.
Projects are ambitious in their scope and size, but cost-effective.
Projects are ambitious in their scope, but costs and risks are spread across a number of funders.
Projects are appropriate for homework.
Projects are architectonic in nature.
Projects are as diverse as the clients they work with.
Projects are as simple or ambitious as the committee feels like taking on.
Projects are as varied and interesting as the students.
Projects are assignments that require a significant investment of time to complete.
Projects are at different stages of completion.
Projects are at least four months in duration.
Projects are at the instructor's discretion.
Projects are available all over the country and throughout the year.
Projects are available and can be assigned to interested students.
Projects are available during the regular academic year and during E-term.
Projects are available during the summer and during the academic year.
Projects are available for all grade levels and content areas.
Projects are available for both digital and analog systems.
Projects are available for both males and females with all levels of experience.
Projects are available for fifth grade through adult.
Projects are available for groups of all sizes.
Projects are available for most medical and pharmacologic topics.
Projects are available for summer research and year-long longitudindal study.
Projects are available for the following courses.
Projects are available in a wide variety of discipline areas within the three academic divisions.
Projects are available in analytical, biological, inorganic, organic and physical chemistry.
Projects are available in both laboratory and clinical settings.
Projects are available in fin growth and regeneration or pigment pattern formation.
Projects are available in nearly all areas of neuroscience.
Projects are available in nearly all disciplines.
Projects are available nationwide.
Projects are available that address a wide variety of issues.
Projects are available throughout the entire week.
Projects are available which address the effects of electronic mail and electronic newsgroups.
Projects are available with faculty members that are designed to enhance student experience.
Projects are billed for the time personnel directly devote to a specific project.
Projects are both in North America and abroad.
Projects are both in the U.S. and international.
Projects are both instructional and motivational.
Projects are both longterm and short term.
Projects are broad in scope and range in scale from residential to urban and regional complexity.
Projects are client-confidential.
Projects are combined cycle facilities.
Projects are commercial and institutional buildings multimillion in size.
Projects are community based and benefit low-income families.
Projects are complex tasks that require students to plan, organize, or create a product or event.
Projects are conceptual in nature and build in complexity and sophistication.
Projects are concrete planning and outlining tasks to be realized within about one year.
Projects are contingent on availability of government funds assigned to partnership projects.
Projects are cooperative, and participating plants agree to be beta test sites.
Projects are creative, doable and affordable.
Projects are cross-curricular and based on current classroom curriculum.
Projects are cross-listed.
Projects are currently under way in Jamaica and Panama.
Projects are currently underway to improve the navigability of the Niger River system.
Projects are custom-developed for each client.
Projects are determined on the basis of safety concerns, traffic needs and public input.
Projects are determined with the diverse ages and skills of the group in mind.
Projects are developmentally appropriate and include virtually every medium.
Projects are discussed, food is served and jokes are told.
Projects are diverse, which provides a highly stimulating and fertile intellectual environment.
Projects are diverse.
Projects are dramatically over budget in Seattle, Birmingham and Denver.
Projects are due as designated.
Projects are due as mentioned.
Projects are due as stated on the schedule .
Projects are due at a specific time.
Projects are due at the agreed apon time.
Projects are due at the beginning of class on the assigned due date.
Projects are due at the beginning of class on the due date.
Projects are due at the beginning of class sessions.
Projects are due at the beginning of class time on the due date.
Projects are due at the beginning of class, unless otherwise indicated by the instructor.
Projects are due at the beginning of class.
Projects are due at the beginning of the class on the day they are listed as due.
Projects are due at the beginning of the class period of the due date.
Projects are due at the beginning of the class period.
Projects are due at the beginning of the lecture class hour on the due date.
Projects are due at the date indicated on the project form.
Projects are due at the end of each of the four sections of the course.
Projects are due at the end of term.
Projects are due at the end of the course.
Projects are due at the start of class on the due date.
Projects are due at the start of class on the indicated due date.
Projects are due at the start of class.
Projects are due at the start of each class period.
Projects are due at the time and date stated on the project requirements.
Projects are due before class or at the beginning of class of the due day.
Projects are due by midnight of the due date.
Projects are due by the beginning of the scheduled final exam period.
Projects are due by the end of the next to last class session.
Projects are due in class on the date given.
Projects are due in two days.
Projects are due on due dates.
Projects are due on the announced due date unless approval is given by the instructor.
Projects are due on the appointed due date.
Projects are due on the assigned dates.
Projects are due on the date indicated on the attached syllabus.
Projects are due on the date indicated on the semester schedule.
Projects are due on the dates shown in the course schedule.
Projects are due on the dates specified.
Projects are due on the day assigned.
Projects are due one week after the last class.
Projects are due one week before class is over.
Projects are due the class prior the final.
Projects are due the last day of class.
Projects are due the week following the assignment.
Projects are due three weeks following the end of the time on campus.
Projects are due to be turned in to the instructor.
Projects are due two weeks following their assignment unless otherwise stated.
Projects are due when scheduled .
Projects are due when scheduled.
Projects are due.
Projects are easily accessible to students and their parents.
Projects are easy and clearly described, with most based on materials readily available at home.
Projects are easy and inexpensive.
Projects are easy to build using readily available standard components.
Projects are easy to build, using readily available, standard components.
Projects are easy, inexpensive and great to do with children.
Projects are educational and practical.
Projects are efforts that have a definite beginning and a clear end and produce something.
Projects are either with a cooperative group, a partner or on an individual basis.
Projects are eligible for production grants one-time only.
Projects are equivalent to tests in other courses.
Projects are everywhere.
Projects are excellent vehicles for involving students in exploration of mathematical concepts.
Projects are exemplary and show true mastery of the course material.
Projects are fast, easy, and affordable.
Projects are feature films and television based.
Projects are flexible to serve students in industrial illustration as well as other areas.
Projects are for classes of students to work together to solve problems.
Projects are free to negotiate contracts for services rendered by businesses or individuals.
Projects are free unless otherwise noted.
Projects are frequently dependent on individual officials and collapse when they leave office.
Projects are from within the industry.
Projects are full cycle implementations with own project responsibility.
Projects are fun, flexible and rewarding, and require no ongoing commitment.
Projects are generally cost-shared and have broad impact or transferability.
Projects are generally for an academic year or ten-week summer term.
Projects are generally of limited to medium scope.
Projects are generally technology driven with emphasis on emerging markets and products.
Projects are generally three years in duration.
Projects are generally very targeted in scope and small in production.
Projects are generally well implemented, within budget, on time and achieve their objectives.
Projects are graded and take the place of a major test on the topic.
Projects are graded partly on documentation and style, so consistency is important.
Projects are group efforts.
Projects are group endeavors.
Projects are group or individual assignments.
Projects are highly field oriented and extend from the tropics to the poles.
Projects are homeworks that require use of technology.
Projects are how officers document and evaluate problems they are trying to reconcile.
Projects are identified primarily by the sector in which they are eligible.
Projects are in alphabetical order by project name, within each of the three major sections.
Projects are in groups.
Projects are in operation in Manitoba, Saskatchewan, Alberta and British Columbia.
Projects are in part student chosen and directed.
Projects are in place, and growing, from coast to coast.
Projects are in progress.
Projects are in remote areas and volunteers camp out in tents, etc.
Projects are in teams.
Projects are in the planning stages in Albuquerque, Seattle and Cleveland.
Projects are in various stages of progress.
Projects are in varying stages of completion.
Projects are included only to the extent anticipated revenue allows.
Projects are individual .
Projects are individual to each division.
Projects are individualized and basics in computer technology are implemented.
Projects are individualized and cooperatively arranged.
Projects are individualized and creative.
Projects are ineligible if they have completed construction or rehabilitation.
Projects are innovative and have the ability to create long-term impact in a community.
Projects are intensive and closely supervised.
Projects are interestings.
Projects are internal and external clocks, handled anywhere in the world.
Projects are judges for communication, craftsmanship and creativity.
Projects are juried.
Projects are largely limited to medical and developmental work.
Projects are late and over budget and clients are frustrated.
Projects are late if turned in any time after the end of class period.
Projects are leader-led.
Projects are likely to provide deliverables which are required by other projects.
Projects are likely to vary considerably.
Projects are limited to exterior improvements, including re-roofing cost.
Projects are limited to field or laboratory studies conducted locally.
Projects are located in shelfs.
Projects are long-term.
Projects are many and varied and include wood, tinware, and glass objects.
Projects are miscellaneous activities sponsored by dotcomma.
Projects are more complex than ever before.
Projects are more focused on developing skills in observation, problem-solving and technique.
Projects are more focused, targeting specific areas of design and industry.
Projects are more fundable if they involve several organizations as partners.
Projects are more likely to be approved if they interest SBS policy and operation teams.
Projects are more limited in scope than theses.
Projects are more regional in scope or of shorter duration.
Projects are more student driven than in previous grades.
Projects are most successful when they are developed by youth, for youth.
Projects are mostly experimental, centered around the faculty's research laboratories.
Projects are multi million in size, commercial building work.
Projects are multi-faceted undertakings.
Projects are neither under-timed nor are they dragged out.
Projects are never late by intention.
Projects are non-permanent and can be used for doctoral thesis.
Projects are non-repetitive and are one of a kind.
Projects are normally of a design nature rather than an analysis nature.
Projects are normally to be completed and assessed on an individual student basis.
Projects are normally with a business firm, although other learning experiences can be proposed.
Projects are now due Weds.
Projects are now our single most active communications effort.
Projects are now underway in a number of countries in Africa, Asia and South America.
Projects are now underway in a number of countries in Africa, Asia, and South America.
Projects are numerous and of varying lengths.
Projects are of a useful and artistic nature.
Projects are of an elementary to difficult level of complexity.
Projects are of at least one year duration.
Projects are of at least one-year duration.
Projects are of benefit to the residents in the community as well as the medical student.
Projects are of limited duration and have a defined scope.
Projects are of longer duration and complexity.
Projects are of many different types ranging from theoretical, laboratory, to pilot plant scale.
Projects are of such duration and complexity that they can only be partially constructed mentally.
Projects are often a key to a productive involvement.
Projects are often design, build and test or can be analytical in nature.
Projects are often in very poor communities.
Projects are often interdisciplinary and typically require a wide range of skills.
Projects are often interdisciplinary, incorporating faculty and facilities campus wide.
Projects are often interdisciplinary.
Projects are often market penetration or partnership related.
Projects are often patient or client specific.
Projects are often team based.
Projects are on a basic to intermediate level of accomplishment.
Projects are on hold.
Projects are one means of achieving objectives.
Projects are ongoing in preventative oncology.
Projects are ongoing to develop the Sarasvati River Basin.
Projects are on-going.
Projects are ongoing.
Projects are open to any group genuinely interested in working with the children of Russia.
Projects are open to everyone.
Projects are open-ended and process oriented.
Projects are open-ended to allow for a range of expressive techniques.
Projects are open-ended, with many possibilities for design and development.
Projects are organised according to a four term school year.
Projects are our business.
Projects are particularly rich in results.
Projects are password protected.
Projects are PC, minicomputer, and mainframe computer compatible.
Projects are peer-reviewed by other class members.
Projects are persistent.
Projects are pertinent and questions are essential.
Projects are plans.
Projects are practical and interesting.
Projects are preferably regional in nature.
Projects are prepared with easily obtainable materials that are also affordable.
Projects are presently underway to secure funds to add a fifth octave of bells to the set.
Projects are primarily pharmaceutical, medical and government buildings.
Projects are primarily residential and light commercial.
Projects are programs that are larger in length.
Projects are real life examples of network design.
Projects are real world applications with clients.
Projects are real-life experiences that help members take responsibility for their own actions.
Projects are regional, national and international in nature.
Projects are reversable, look and feell like knitting.
Projects are searchable by members who also receive project notification via e-mail.
Projects are sequences of actions directed towards a goal.
Projects are service projects for the benefit of the school or community.
Projects are so time consuming.
Projects are social events.
Projects are student oriented.
Projects are student-driven to a significant degree.
Projects are subject to approval by the project instructor and by the program.
Projects are subject to change if fiscal projections change.
Projects are subject to change.
Projects are subject to environmental and, in some cases, airspace restrictions.
Projects are subject to strict monitoring and impact assessment.
Projects are subject to timeline changes.
Projects are supposed to be part of political process, right of referendum is a political process.
Projects are tasks.
Projects are the core of the course.
Projects are the heart of the work.
Projects are the means of delivering change.
Projects are the responsibility of the participants.
Projects are the top level grouping tool for software development efforts.
Projects are theme oriented to match real world commercial art assignments.
Projects are to be above and beyond the capabilities of the congregation or parish.
Projects are to be carried out in Korea.
Projects are to be chosen and designed in consultation with the professors.
Projects are to be completed at home.
Projects are to be completed individually.
Projects are to be completed within two years.
Projects are to be creative in nature.
Projects are to be developed by student groups, clubs, or classes.
Projects are to be distinguished from scientific theories or from predictions.
Projects are to be done by each individual.
Projects are to be done in teams of two people.
Projects are to be done on an individual basis.
Projects are to be done on bristol board, unless otherwise noted.
Projects are to be funded by the requesting department.
Projects are to be handed in on the day they are due . . .
Projects are to be handed to the instructor during class, only .
Projects are to be implemented in partnership with municipalities.
Projects are to be non-recurring.
Projects are to be open to the entire student athlete body.
Projects are to be prepared on a word processor and neatly presented.
Projects are to be publicly presented on campus, if possible.
Projects are to be residential in scale with an emphasis on composition and aesthetics.
Projects are to be residential in scale with emphasis on composition and aesthetics.
Projects are to be student generated.
Projects are to be submitted electronically by midnight on the due date.
Projects are to be submitted in class.
Projects are to be the individual work of the student or groups.
Projects are to be the work of the individual midshipman or team.
Projects are to be turned in at the beginning of the class period on which they are due.
Projects are to be turned in at the specified due dates.
Projects are to be turned in on the date due.
Projects are to be turned in on the specified date.
Projects are to be written individually.
Projects are to demonstrate mastery of topical areas covered in earlier master's courses.
Projects are to last for two years, with an option for a third year.
Projects are to last two to three years.
Projects are tools for teaching young people by stimulating their interest.
Projects are tools for teaching youngsters by engaging their interest.
Projects are typically in the areas of process modeling, control and optimization.
Projects are typically interdisciplinary and have a speculative or risky character.
Projects are typically minor phases of broader assignments of other oceanographers.
Projects are typically of the one hundred to one-hundred and fifty thousand dollar size.
Projects are typically websites, video CD-ROMs, and commercial video production.
Projects are under discussion with schools in India, Argentina and Brazil.
Projects are under way in a variety of urban, rural, and suburban communities.
Projects are under way in various parts of the country to water cultivated land without pumping.
Projects are under way to test their use for the publication of monographs, journals and theses.
Projects are underway for Douglas, Georgia.
Projects are underway in many areas and new projects are starting up.
Projects are underway studying retail sales and air quality.
Projects are underway that emphasize analysis, computation and experimental measurement.
Projects are underway to improve understanding of how water enters and moves through the aquifer.
Projects are underway to sewer two lakes.
Projects are underway which seek to reveal more about how the brain functions in stuttering.
Projects are underway year-round, representing tens of thousands of volunteer hours.
Projects are unique things with a beginning, middle and an end.
Projects are unlikely to get beyond the preliminaries if the summary is poorly written.
Projects are useful conventions.
Projects are usually a year or longer in duration.
Projects are usually authentic and long term.
Projects are usually community generated.
Projects are usually internships, tutorials, or teaching apprenticeships.
Projects are usually six to eight weeks in length.
Projects are usually small and self-contained.
Projects are usually smaller, repeat projects.
Projects are usually too big.
Projects are usually under intense pressure to meet time and budget demands.
Projects are varied and represent active areas in biomedical research.
Projects are varied in intensity, type, focus, and area.
Projects are varied in intensity, type, focus, area, etc.
Projects are varied.
Projects are very large shipments requiring a great amount of specialized handling.
Projects are very much oriented toward practical practice of management skills.
Projects are very specific.
Projects are very three dimensional.
Projects are very useful for keeping the files of a web site grouped together.
Projects are very valuable.
Projects are voluntary.
Projects are web based and involve dynamic content.
Projects are weekly and usually take place on the weekends.
Projects are welcome from all grades and all disciplines.
Projects are welcome from anywhere in the world.
Projects are well documented, cost overruns are avoided and risks are identified and managed.
Projects are well-detailed and available for all grade levels.
Projects are within education and health.
Projects are worldwide including Mexico, Peru, China, Spain, Turkey, and the United Kingdom.
Projects are, by nature, uncertain.
Projects are, many times, bid on a cost plus basis.
Projects are, of course, to be primarily historical.
Projects arise daily in various departments.
Projects assisting and targeting youth are strongly encouraged and given preference.
Projects associate with use of such tools by common citizens are under development now.
Projects attract many different companies from varying industries.
Projects banned from investment are for the first time clearly listed.
Projects based on children's ideas are often part of the week's activities.
Projects based on cost avoidance compete at a lower priority.
Projects based on international collaboration are also in jeopardy.
Projects based on the Internet are interactive.
Projects Be able to use graphics and text from the Internet for a variety of educational projects.
Projects become a means of achieving the primary purpose of positive youth development.
Projects become eligible for state funds when the matched funds are in place.
Projects become increasingly more complex as is appropriate to artistic development.
Projects become more involved and diverse in nature.
Projects begin in early to late spring.
Projects begin in late spring to early summer.
Projects begin in one direction, then change course as details and desires become fact.
Projects begin the following fiscal year.
Projects begin with a vision.
Projects begin with a written proposal subject to approval by the instructor.
Projects begin with in-house preliminary layouts, engineering, and cost analyses.
Projects begin with rapid epidemioligical surveys.
Projects begin with single objects.
Projects begin with teachers observing and questioning children about the topic of interest.
Projects begun during laboratory rotations often develop into doctoral thesis projects.
Projects Below are projects that clubs and organizations use to fund themselves.
Projects benefit or contribute to the larger community of local public libraries.
Projects benefit the community directly.
Projects blend techniques of molecular biology, protein purification and immunoassay.
Projects bridge local, state, and national levels.
Projects broaden and deepen the students' learning of associated course topics.
Projects build and pave the way for additional digitization.
Projects build on long tradition of open shoreline.
Projects build upon a functional relationship between researchers and community members.
Projects can address the direct delivery of health services or assist in increasing access to care.
Projects can address virtually any management or technical issue, opportunity, or constraint.
Projects can allow students to pursue their interests.
Projects can also be from Theme projects.
Projects can also deepen the work and give it an overt focus.
Projects can be a on a day to day basis, temporary contract or when required.
Projects can be anything from online zines and websites to real audio sites to a real video TV show.
Projects can be anything that the club decides upon doing.
Projects can be as involved as the group decides.
Projects can be as varied for groups as for individuals.
Projects can be both local or statewide.
Projects can be both on a large and small scale, yet the benefits are invariably very great.
Projects can be cards, scrapbook pages, frames, boxes, ornaments, wrapping paper, etc.
Projects can be collaborative with industry, field or laboratory-based.
Projects can be creative as long as they help improve the community.
Projects can be currently underway, in planning, or already completed.
Projects can be either clinical or basic science in focus.
Projects can be either clinical or laboratory in nature depending on the fellows interests.
Projects can be either ethnobotanical or archaeobotanical.
Projects can be either individual or group-based.
Projects can be either project customization for a client or development of new products.
Projects can be either student or faculty initiated.
Projects can be experiments, software projects, or research papers.
Projects can be for a period of one or two years.
Projects can be from twelve to eighteen months in duration.
Projects can be in difficult markets where private commercial sources are unwilling to lend.
Projects can be in the basic research, methods comparison or other areas.
Projects can be independent or in student teams.
Projects can be individual or group activities.
Projects can be individual or team.
Projects can be individual, small group, or whole class covering a wide range of topic areas.
Projects can be interdepartmental and interdisciplinary, and are supervised by a faculty advisor.
Projects can be interdisciplinary and integrated.
Projects can be joint with partners in developing countries, and yet in industrial countries.
Projects can be large or small.
Projects can be more complicated and time consuming than in the basic course.
Projects can be new or a continuation of individual artistic goals.
Projects can be of any length.
Projects can be of any type and every member can begin one.
Projects can be of different size and duration.
Projects can be on applications of statistics as well as on more theoretical topics.
Projects can be on topics from science, mathematics, or science and mathematics combined.
Projects can be one or two years in duration.
Projects can be one year or multi-year.
Projects can be qualitative as well as quantitative.
Projects can be quite simple, eg.
Projects can be short or long term.
Projects can be technical, artistic or community service related.
Projects can be temporary or permanent.
Projects can be theoretical in nature or program-oriented.
Projects can be two schools or a list of many.
Projects can be very large and intricate or simple an easy like a bookmark.
Projects can begin immediately after award.
Projects can bring the world into the classroom.
Projects can change the relationship between teachers and students.
Projects can consist of several mini-projects or just one project.
Projects can contain other projects, referred to as subprojects .
Projects can create programs, libraries, and sub projects.
Projects can easily fail for lack of adequate project management.
Projects can either be local or on another machine that is accessed via the server.
Projects can entail field, library or office-intensive investigations.
Projects can extend five years.
Projects can extend three years.
Projects can fail dismally without sound guidance.
Projects can fail if they start out with large scale goals, but limited budgets and timelines.
Projects can fall into a variety of shapes and sizes.
Projects can fall within multiple topical areas.
Projects can focus on a country or an area, or on comparisons across countries or areas.
Projects can focus on a variety of legal issues.
Projects can focus on basic research, as well as applied clinical studies.
Projects can focus on safety in the home, at school, or in the community at large.
Projects can get off track when clients and developers fail to communicate regularly.
Projects can go on hold for lack of funding or other reasons or can be stretched or phased out.
Projects can harness students existing interests, concerns and motivation.
Projects can have all the subtle ease of stringing rubber tubing and glass beads . . .
Projects can have outcomes with educational benefits.
Projects can have several different agencies involved in the process.
Projects can have their own individual titles, properties and more.
Projects can include acquisition, restoration, or enhancement.
Projects can include brochures, newsletters, magazines, and web sites.
Projects can include equipment replacements, facility improvements or new construction.
Projects can include funding for up to three years.
Projects can include laboratory research, a fine arts portfolio, or an undergraduate thesis.
Projects can include poetry, fiction, painting, theater, group reports, etc.
Projects can include policies, procedures, initiatives, and programs.
Projects can include providing important health and safety information for the entire family.
Projects can include research papers, fieldwork, and visual or oral class presentations.
Projects can include research papers, fieldwork, visual, or oral class presentations.
Projects can include research, lesson plans, demonstration projects, or other training projects.
Projects can include sophisticated foundations, and vibration and settlement analyses.
Projects can include the use of technology skills to complete course work in other content areas.
Projects can integrate and give meaning to the curriculum.
Projects can involve the acquisition of new data or rely upon the existing archival data.
Projects can last days or years, with consultants working in teams or individually.
Projects can last for one, but usually two semesters.
Projects can last from a few days to several months, depending on the scope of testing.
Projects can last from weeks to decades.
Projects can last the equivalent of one semester or continue for a year or more.
Projects can minimize turnover with good supervision and by rewarding peer promoters.
Projects can move quickly, sometimes, but that's far from ordinary.
Projects can often cost tens of millions of dollars.
Projects can optionally include high speed video and dual force plate data collection.
Projects can present both theories or hypotheses and practical solutions.
Projects can produce multiple sets of buttons for different languages.
Projects can range from a single day project to a long term undertaking lasting for several months.
Projects can range from active research-modeling efforts to more think tank type efforts.
Projects can range from archival to clerical to maintenance.
Projects can range from basic to very advanced.
Projects can range from full systems to subsystems or to testing or quality control equipments.
Projects can range from guest speakers to conferences to art exhibits.
Projects can range from individual efforts to team projects involving several undergraduates.
Projects can range from one to five credit hours per quarter.
Projects can range from one to five years.
Projects can range from original artwork and poetry to research papers.
Projects can range from regional to local and span problems from complex to simple.
Projects can range from research papers to work experience within their fields of study.
Projects can range from several hundred words to several hundred pages in length.
Projects can range from simple to advanced, depending on the students interest and background.
Projects can range from the local scale, to the regional scale, and even the international scale.
Projects can range from the very simple to the most intricate.
Projects can range from trail maintenance to animal species research.
Projects can range from weed control to native tree planting and walking track maintenance.
Projects can relate to credit or non-credit activities.
Projects can relate to credit or noncredit activities.
Projects can remain in file folders for a lifetime, and that is all they are, just projects.
Projects can require real-world uses of reading, writing, drawing, figuring, etc.
Projects can run from one to three years, although the norm is one year.
Projects can see that knowledge is found primarily in books.
Projects can share components.
Projects can span a period of two or three years.
Projects can span from three months to a full school year.
Projects can start as one broad topic and filter off into many other areas.
Projects can start small on a temporary basis.
Projects can tailor the electronic system to their own needs.
Projects can take a brief amount of time or many weeks.
Projects can take a considerable amount of time.
Projects can take a few days or up to two years to complete, depending on the nature of the problem.
Projects can take from two to six months depending on the film s age.
Projects can take many forms, and some of the most successful ones are described below.
Projects can take on many forms and often involve faculty from diverse areas within the university.
Projects can take several forms.
Projects can take the form of a website, CD-ROM or video production.
Projects can take up to a year to complete, depending on size and complexity.
Projects can turn into disasters due to a lack of planning.
Projects can vary from a half day to several years.
Projects can vary in size, scope and complexity.
Projects can vary widely.
Projects center around raising conciousness and awarness towards saving out global envirnment.
Projects center around raising conciousness and awarness towards saving out global environment.
Projects center around student design objectives.
Projects challenge schools to provide equitable access to coaching.
Projects challenge students to creatively apply what they have learned from tutorials.
Projects change each semester the course is taught.
Projects change on an almost daily basis, depending on the job site or project.
Projects change over time, but something great is always happening.
Projects change weekly, and vary from store to store.
Projects change weekly.
Projects chosen include industry and agriculture, transport and communications and power supplies.
Projects clearly demonstrate the importance of natural ecosystems to human quality of life.
Projects click here .
Projects Click on a title below to view the sample case study.
Projects Click on Photos below for more projects.
Projects Click on the buttons to the left to access our projects page.
Projects combine graphics, sound, animation, text, and video to create interactive digital content.
Projects combine molecular and cell biological techniques with biochemistry and electrophysiology.
Projects combine research in both the natural and social sciences.
Projects come and go, responsibilities frequently change, but the scarcity of time is a constant.
Projects come and projects go.
Projects come around in turn.
Projects come from the community, such as cooperating hospitals.
Projects come from the private, public, and academic sectors.
Projects come in a variety of forms.
Projects come in any time.
Projects come in many different varieties.
Projects come in on time and under budget.
Projects come, and projects go.
Projects Compare the coronal and chromospheric spectra of an active star and an inactive star.
Projects Completing some kind of a construction project is the business of every contractor.
Projects comprise both statewide and grass roots initiatives.
Projects comprised of multiple pages are to be stapled.
Projects concentrate on disability prevention and rehabilitation.
Projects concentrate on the design of spaces in the urban landscape.
Projects conform to set of guidelines available from department.
Projects considered can include market rate units as a component of the overall development.
Projects consist of a map of connected screens.
Projects consist of canned cycles and include die and mold characteristics.
Projects consist of editorial, book, institutional and advertising.
Projects consist of retail, medical, office, and industrial.
Projects consist of several files .
Projects consist one or more rulesets and their associated application classes.
Projects consistently emphasize the use of inexpensive and recycled materials.
Projects constitute a novel piece of research, requiring literature review, research and write-up.
Projects Construct a scale model of the solar system.
Projects contain artifacts.
Projects contain related views , tables , charts , layouts , and scripts .
Projects contain the entries that are just a little more interesting than the regular postings.
Projects containing hot irons or other electrical appliances require more supervision.
Projects continue skill in database design.
Projects continue to be developed despite the lack of an approved technical baseline.
Projects continue to be of longer duration and complexity.
Projects count for two courses.
Projects counts as a double test grade.
Projects cover a complete range from renovations and restorations to additions and new developments.
Projects cover a range of products that help drive business through design.
Projects cover a wide range of curriculum subjects.
Projects cover a wide range of marine and non-marine repairs, restorations and construction.
Projects cover a wide spectrum of spill preparedness issues.
Projects cover all curricular areas and regions of England.
Projects cover business applications.
Projects cover every mode of transportation.
Projects cover first gas project for national market supply.
Projects cover major aspects of diseases caused by viruses, bacteria, nematodes, and fungi.
Projects cover many academic disciplines.
Projects cover requirement analysis, design, and implementation.
Projects cover such topics as speech organization, voice, language, gestures and persuasion.
Projects cover such topics as speech organization, voice, language, gestures, and persuasion.
Projects cover the entire innovation spectrum from concept development to demonstration.
Projects cover the light spectrum, solar power, basic flight, and how rockets work.
Projects cover the range from easy through challenging.
Projects cover the sale of retail and wholesale inventories to the general public.
Projects cover the UK, Continental Europe, USA, Japan and the rest of the world.
Projects cover very basic introductory topics through to some very sophisticated high end work.
Projects covered include weaving, farming, and bamboo work.
Projects create additive and subtractive sculptures, functional and non - functional ceramics.
Projects created by each class become the work of each member of the circle.
Projects culminate in the production of short computer generated animations.
Projects deal with current concerns of sponsor companies in one or more functional areas.
Projects deal with the environment and local wildlife.
Projects deliver the work that achieves organization strategy.
Projects demand a great deal of attention.
Projects demand equipment, personnel and laboratories, all of which require financial support.
Projects demand greater involvement in policy making on a regional and national level.
Projects demonstrate the importance of public-private partnerships in economic development.
Projects depend on effective use of symbols.
Projects described in the Appendix are specific to the general plan as described above.
Projects describing collaborations between engineering faculty and librarians are also appropriate.
Projects develop long-term relationships between museum's and community organizations.
Projects differ according to size, composition, priorities, and criticality.
Projects differ because they offer the user different types of interactivity.
Projects differ by section.
Projects differ from semester to semester and from instructor to instructor.
Projects differ from semester to semester and instructor to instructor.
Projects Differ Widely.
Projects Discusses some of the different projects that the school is doing.
Projects do bring in new resources and therefore generally strengthen the observatory.
Projects do fail by misapplication of excellent techniques.
Projects done at home is one way parents can be involved.
Projects draw from some or all of the areas of study.
Projects draw on a range of skills and ideas which have been developed through the course.
Projects earn points.
Projects educate the public about a family farm system of agriculture.
Projects emphasize collaboration, interaction, and student activity.
Projects emphasize effective visual solutions through the use of electronic design.
Projects emphasize interviews and field observation.
Projects emphasize problem-solving, and lectures are given on pertinent topics as needed.
Projects emphasize problem-solving, and personal discovery.
Projects emphasize relationships between processing and properties.
Projects emphasize research and writing, but technology is the tool students use for presentation.
Projects emphasize strategies for creating effective visual messages.
Projects emphasize the professional development of teachers.
Projects emphasize the surrounding metropolitan area.
Projects emphasize visual communications through images.
Projects employ a range of cellular and molecular mmunological techniques.
Projects enable members to learn by doing.
Projects enable students to explore differing forms and styles of music.
Projects enable students to pursue their own research interests.
Projects enable tracking of work activities from budget set-up through completion of the activity.
Projects encompass a vast range of activities and service organizations.
Projects encompass optical spectral monitors, controls, and associated electronic support circuitry.
Projects encourage personal expression and address both technical and design concerns.
Projects encourage students to continue defining their own areas of interest.
Projects encourage students to expand on work already in progress from previous studio courses.
Projects end up costing more and taking much longer to implement than planned.
Projects engage students in mastering basic computer skills through problem-solving.
Projects entail answering clinical questions regarding cardiovascular disease.
Projects entail completeing questionnaires to analyze the component in question.
Projects entail describing and critiquing exhibit paradigms and technologies.
Projects entail the animation of virtual spaces.
Projects especially use theatre, radio and television to convey messages.
Projects evaluating calcification of blood vessels in the heart are also ongoing.
Projects evolve and shift for the simplest, silliest reasons.
Projects exceeding thresholds require procurement funding.
Projects exist at the local, conference, national, and international levels.
Projects expect abstract thinking, and reading and calculating abilities.
Projects expenses for emergency operations.
Projects experience the same delays that they experienced in the past.
Projects explore the animal kingdom, nature, design, and still life.
Projects explore the formal elements of art and often involve more than one medium.
Projects explore the history of type, and traditional and layout lettering.
Projects explore topics that enhance school-based learning.
Projects extend over two semesters.
Projects fail because the folks involved have been divided by some force and ultimately destroyed.
Projects fail because they cram more into the design than they can handle.
Projects fail for many reasons.
Projects fail to materialize for lack of professional assistance, money and infrastructure.
Projects fall into one of two broad classifications.
Projects fall into two broad categories.
Projects fall within the research fronts detailed earlier.
Projects feature hands-on help for communities in Peru, Niger, India, Laos and Kenya.
Projects features weaving drafts, dyeing techniques, and spinning tips.
Projects Find education projects of interests.
Projects Find out about on-going projects in other schools.
Projects fit tight budgets and schedules.
Projects focus in specific academic teaching areas.
Projects focus largely on noise and vibration issues.
Projects focus on a variety of attitudes toward making paintings.
Projects focus on analytical, expressive and compositional techniques in a variety of drawing media.
Projects focus on aspects of scholing and school organization in Chicago and use of extant CPS data.
Projects focus on both general purpose and embedded applications.
Projects focus on both the large and small, the global and individual experience.
Projects focus on clothing construction and selection.
Projects focus on common business applications.
Projects focus on connectivity, training, content development as well as equipment grants.
Projects focus on dairy goats.
Projects focus on design and organization of ideas into a finished work of art.
Projects focus on determining network performance and topology alternatives.
Projects focus on economic development and establishing a foundation for international peace.
Projects focus on environmental conservation and enhancement.
Projects focus on health, education, agriculture, microeconomic development, and evangelism.
Projects focus on horses.
Projects focus on mining, public transportation, oil field equipment and various valve markets.
Projects focus on organization, preservation, and access to electronic data.
Projects focus on performance management, customer participation, and rigorous rulemaking.
Projects focus on practical and live policy issues.
Projects focus on reducing marine debris through education and beach cleanups.
Projects focus on removing obstacles to aquaculture industry growth.
Projects focus on self-sufficiency and on water, health and education facilities.
Projects focus on solo, duet performances.
Projects focus on solving visual problems from a wide range of topics in a variety of media.
Projects focus on specific concepts, preparation and planning, and creative visual thinking.
Projects focus on structural determinations and development of methods.
Projects focus on teamwork and learning opportunities for volunteers.
Projects focus on text typography.
Projects focus on the best management practices and economics for corn, soybeans and grain sorghum.
Projects focus on the fields of conservation biology, comparative biology and animal stewardship.
Projects focus on the means of justice and the means of attaining a just society.
Projects focus on the production of self-directed learning materials in appropriate formats.
Projects focus on the sport of roping.
Projects focus on the study of constellations, planets, stars, nebulae, and galaxies.
Projects focus on training, infrastructure, materials, access to law.
Projects focus on type and image.
Projects focusing mainly on electrical energy efficiency and savings are eligible.
Projects follow the children's interest and development of concepts.
Projects Follow the link on the left for a little more information.
Projects form the heart of student work.
Projects function for directories often synchronized.
Projects funded by the City of Toronto, but designed by consultants, are eligible for awards.
Projects funded from the grant monies benefit the youth of Oklahoma.
Projects funded in other states in the Western Region are also of interest to California producers.
Projects funded in the health sciences are rare.
Projects funded include highway, transit, and transportation enhancement projects.
Projects generally bear a direct relevance to the student's option.
Projects generally begin with six months assignments and go on as long as several years.
Projects generally focus on youth, job creation, the environment and health.
Projects generally have industrial involvement.
Projects generally incorporate non-linear editing, digital compositing, and original audio.
Projects generally involve a single facility.
Projects generally involve research, development and design.
Projects generally last six months or less.
Projects generally last six to eight weeks.
Projects generally require a transfer of the entire sum in coordination with the fiscal officer.
Projects generally require ten percent matching in cash or in-kind.
Projects generally use local resources and effort to solve local problems.
Projects get a test grade though.
Projects give practical experience with the system.
Projects given to computer programmers vary in length from a few hours of work to years.
Projects Go back to the department homepage .
Projects Go forward to Implementation .
Projects go from the traditional essay to the more visually and technically oriented.
Projects Go to the teaching resources page.
Projects grow out of early prototypes adapted from other code.
Projects have a beginning, a middle, and an end.
Projects have a community outreach and education component.
Projects have a cost because factors of production are scarce.
Projects have a defined objective and time frame.
Projects have a definite starting and stopping point.
Projects have a habit of developing their own direction.
Projects have a rich foundation in experience learning theories and educational philosophy.
Projects have a significant adult and youth leadership component.
Projects have a strong focus on the Northwest Atlantic and Labrador Sea.
Projects have a tendency to drag on longer that initially planned.
Projects have all areas identified as to responsibilities.
Projects have an applied science focus in most cases.
Projects have an introduction, narrative, oral histories, pictures, maps and credits. .
Projects have an introduction, narrative, oral histories, pictures, maps and credits.
Projects have as their primary audience the informal learner.
Projects have costs.
Projects have deadlines.
Projects have details and a contact person.
Projects have different matching fund requirements.
Projects have different priorities.
Projects have different starting points but the same common vision.
Projects have high failure rates.
Projects have little information about who participated and benefited.
Projects have members who play roles.
Projects have royalty for a reason, maybe several.
Projects have some flexibility and are open to discussion with prospective students.
Projects have the following organization.
Projects have three to six team members.
Projects have to be carefully thought out.
Projects help students and teachers actively read, reflect upon, and write about each book.
Projects help students more critically consider the relationship between theory and application.
Projects help students to develop their capacity for creative thinking and communication.
Projects help to reinforce what is being taught to students in business classes.
Projects help youth learn by doing.
Projects Here are a few fun things to make from things around the house.
Projects Here are a few of the projects that Purchasing has been working on.
Projects Here are some projects currently under construction.
Projects Here are the project details for the final year projects.
Projects Here are titles of all projects completed by students in the seminar.
Projects images onto wall.
Projects impacts on production resources.
Projects improve and ensure our water supply, water quality and our transmission system.
Projects includes letterhead, brochures, multi-page documents, and other typical applied formats.
Projects incorporate communication problem solving with fundamentals of mechanical preparation.
Projects incorporate current trends in graphic design with advanced typographical layout solutions.
Projects incorporate design and construction phases.
Projects incorporate development and gender aspects.
Projects incorporate local materials to strengthen resident human resources and institutions.
Projects incorporate major concepts studied in prior courses.
Projects infoseek .
Projects integrate art with curriculum areas such as geography, history, and cultural studies.
Projects integrate social, ecological, economic and aesthetic values in the design process.
Projects interact and change in a web of dynamic priorities.
Projects introduce students to chemical research.
Projects involve a broad range of tasks and methods.
Projects involve a range of neuroanatomical and molecular techniques.
Projects involve advanced accounting software.
Projects involve all aspects of the system development lifecycle.
Projects involve application of statistical analyses.
Projects involve both analysis and design of a simulation model.
Projects involve both animal and human studies.
Projects involve both basic and applied research on numerous nontraditional manufacturing processes.
Projects involve both clinical and community-based research.
Projects involve both domestic and international studies.
Projects involve both environmental engineering and basic engineering skills.
Projects involve budgeting, media selection, campaign strategy, and creative execution.
Projects involve collaboration with colleagues in Canada and abroad.
Projects involve complex problems.
Projects involve computer notation, composition, and music theory.
Projects involve coordination among students, and between students and the client.
Projects involve cross-sectional as well as longitudinal designs.
Projects involve design and construction of rf and gradient coils for echo planar imaging.
Projects involve design, field and laboratory assignments.
Projects involve detailed study and use of a specific computer hardware and software system.
Projects involve detailed study and use of a specific small computer hardware and software system.
Projects involve exploration of effective use of form with emphasis on concept and idea.
Projects involve field and instrumental analyses.
Projects involve fieldwork, and elemental, mineral, and isotope ratio analyses.
Projects involve genetic and molecular approaches to the study of inflammation.
Projects involve habitat modeling and linking landscape data to population viability analyses.
Projects involve hardware, in-house programming experts, and procured resources.
Projects involve joining a team that is making the network visual.
Projects involve laboratory simulation of planetary and prebiological organic chemistry.
Projects involve literature, science facts, creative writing, research skills, art, and math.
Projects involve low-cost countermeasure and decoy systems including current ATDs.
Projects involve luminescence based sensors using inorganic complexes.
Projects involve mapping as well as molecular characterization of candidate genes.
Projects involve math, science, robotics, computer programming and applications, and machine design.
Projects involve more than one individual.
Projects involve multiple resources, both human and nonhuman, which require close coordination.
Projects involve population genetic analyses of data to test hypotheses.
Projects involve producing geologic maps and reports.
Projects involve professional artists working across a range of arts disciplines.
Projects involve routine management analysis technical processes.
Projects involve students in direct service in the community.
Projects involve substantial capital expenditures.
Projects involve sugarcane, citrus, and melons.
Projects involve teams of students making a decision or solving a problem.
Projects involve the planning for, and critical evaluation of, print and broadcast ads.
Projects involve the preparation of control statements to run statistical programs on the computer.
Projects involve the use of both personal and enterprise database systems.
Projects involve the use of computers for modeling and for the acquisition of data.
Projects involve topics of current research interest.
Projects involve working in close partnership with the client group and with other business units.
Projects involve written work and serve to help synthesize the technical curricula.
Projects involve, for example, sea level history, glacier movements and landscape evolution.
Projects involving access to existing databases require proof of access to the databases.
Projects involving applied educational research are acceptable.
Projects involving bricks can take a long time.
Projects involving commercial or industrial construction require approval by the State Fire Marshal.
Projects involving composition are another outlet for personal expression of feeling.
Projects involving in home consultation have a design fee.
Projects involving large prints often become quite involved.
Projects involving local firms have communication problems as well.
Projects involving schools bring awareness into the classroom.
Projects involving studies, conferences and publications are of lower priority.
Projects involving substantial redesign and reconstruction of existing buildings are eligible.
Projects involving the private sector are an integral part of the activities of many SNDR agencies.
Projects involving two or more companies are also possible.
Projects is now available.
Projects is undertaken by all students.
Projects jointly conducted with developing countries can be risky.
Projects just spring up.
Projects last an average of one to three months.
Projects Learn about projects underway in many different communities.
Projects Learn more about our multimedia development and our online projects.
Projects lie in health care, education, the arts and more.
Projects link researchers from several institutions and across thrust areas.
Projects link volunteer activities with academic lessons.
Projects listed below are federally funded subgrants.
Projects listed include both in-house and client sites.
Projects Lists the current projects in the lab.
Projects located in a designated brownfield area are eligible for the expedited permitting process.
Projects located there receive the next highest level of inducements.
Projects look colorful and quite good when printed out.
Projects look hand-embroidered.
Projects look very impressive and students are working hard to refine the appearance.
Projects looking at a variety of medical applications of seaweed products are under way.
Projects make a difference in their communities.
Projects Make the Product.
Projects manage their own fundraising efforts with foundations and the general public.
Projects mean salary potential for selected occupations.
Projects meet national science standards.
Projects meet reporting deadlines.
Projects move from computer to computer.
Projects never finish, and it's hard to say where they begin and end, both temporally and causally.
Projects never regain lost time.
Projects normally arise out of graduate course work.
Projects normally explore issues arising in actuarial practice in insurance and pensions.
Projects normally involve the design and implementation of a working system of some kind.
Projects normally require two semesters of work.
Projects normally require two semesters work.
Projects normally run for six weeks, i.e. only part of a semester.
Projects normally run for up to three years.
Projects now have project directory and relative paths.
Projects now store the active document and active line numbers.
Projects offer a chance to pursue areas of special interest while honing writing skills.
Projects offer a natural way of organizing related work, windows and changeSets.
Projects offer a wide range of experience for students in all majors.
Projects offer a wonderful opportunity for creativity and imagination to roam. . . .
Projects offer an exceptional opportunity at the interface of chemistry and biology.
Projects offer an opportunity to explore different aspects of health care and their relationship.
Projects offer varying rates of carbon benefits over time.
Projects operate in a vacuum, are consistently over budget and miss deadlines.
Projects operating within the free zone are free to transfer their capital and profits abroad.
Projects pairs children with tutors to encourage summer reading.
Projects paying higher wages receive higher preference.
Projects place heavy emphasis on cross-cultural understanding, with an aim to build world peace.
Projects planned for the programme include gardening, sewing, farming and a candle factory.
Projects posted here are either on-going or annual projects with multiple sessions.
Projects primarily involve strategic modernization and advanced manufacturing technology.
Projects primarily serve seniors and families with children.
Projects proceed in the order that full payment and any required easements are received.
Projects proceed quickly through prototype to first vehicle and require less capital.
Projects progress from the simple to the complex.
Projects progress through a complete manufacturing cycle from design through implementation.
Projects Projects a partial listing of current projects.
Projects provide an opportunity to apply what is being learned with the support of a faculty mentor.
Projects provide housing, case management, employment assistance and life skills training.
Projects provide increased growth and increased profits.
Projects provide opportunities for hands-on plumbing practice and actual application.
Projects provide services such as counseling, tutoring, and instruction in study skills.
Projects provide students the opportunity to use their skills and to express their ideas.
Projects provide students with a deeper understanding of the course material.
Projects provide the ultimate in performance assessments.
Projects provide two features.
Projects Provides a prioritized list of major tech plan projects, tasks and timelines.
Projects provides access to Web-based projects created by previous classes.
Projects pull trails, rivers, people closer together.
Projects Put paragraph text here.
Projects rang from turnkey projects to minor repairs.
Projects range considerably in size and complexity.
Projects range from a few days to several years in duration.
Projects range from a river study to a storybook library .
Projects range from a simple bailer to a stunning ship's wheel.
Projects range from advanced engineering and model year programmes through to production.
Projects range from annual reports to web sites.
Projects range from aprox.
Projects range from archaeological survey and data recovery to ethography and ethnohistory.
Projects range from atmospheric chemistry to low temperature spectroscopy of inorganic species.
Projects range from basic introductions to in depth research units.
Projects range from basic molecular research to direct physiological studies.
Projects range from bed quilts and wall-hangings to clothing and home decor.
Projects range from bed quilts to tablecloths to tree skirts and other items for home decorating.
Projects range from beef and dairy production to specialty animals and horticulture.
Projects range from biomagnetic separation to large scale studies within Kazakhstan.
Projects range from building a Lego city with robotic elements to making a movie about college life.
Projects range from campus organizing to habitat restoration to neighborhood clean-up of toxics.
Projects range from commercial product development to custom applications for clients.
Projects range from community leadership development initiatives to cultural awareness activities.
Projects range from computer programs through photography, skits, posters and song.
Projects range from computer-assisted analysis using secondary data sets to field work.
Projects range from concept formulation to operational use.
Projects range from conservation and construction work to archaeological digs and social service.
Projects range from cosmetic repairs to extensive renovations.
Projects range from culture and history to music and news and public affairs.
Projects range from cushions to roman shades.
Projects range from custom housing to retail design to senior citizen complexes.
Projects range from dance to business, from art to geography, and from biology to education.
Projects range from data analysis to computer modeling to instrument building.
Projects range from design and construction of facilities to computer programming services.
Projects range from design and manufacture through to installation and commissioning.
Projects range from easy to advanced.
Projects range from economics to English.
Projects range from energy efficiency and water conservation to protecting endangered species.
Projects range from evaluating management techniques to developing population estimation models.
Projects range from feasibility study through to designs for high volume manufacture.
Projects range from feature films to commercials to video.
Projects range from framing a new church to refurbishing an existing school campus or campground.
Projects range from getting a course syllabus online, to creating online databases.
Projects range from giant pandas in China, to tiny iguanas in the South Pacific.
Projects range from heavy highway to commercial and residential subdivision work.
Projects range from high level strategy development to hands-on implementation.
Projects range from high-end design to production art.
Projects range from inner-city parks, community gathering places and civic gardens.
Projects range from instructional materials development to technical assistance.
Projects range from interactive multimedia applications to virtual reality movies.
Projects range from internal invitations and flyers to external newsletters, brochures and posters.
Projects range from large building works to local community youth initiatives.
Projects range from lasers to analysis of stock market cycles.
Projects range from laundry detergent recommendations to the safe disposal of household chemicals.
Projects range from library talks to original theater productions.
Projects range from litter patrols to flower gardens.
Projects range from local free clinics to weekend trips to rural Mexico.
Projects range from making courses available on the Internet to on-line registration.
Projects range from medical applications to work in agriculture and basic industry.
Projects range from minor resurfacing jobs to major construction projects.
Projects range from molecular genetics of aging to health care issues for the elderly.
Projects range from new directional signs to guide brochures to transportation improvements.
Projects range from new media festivals to internet broadcasting.
Projects range from new media festivals to Internet broadcasting.
Projects range from on-campus focus to renovating housing in the nearby neighborhood.
Projects range from one to five days.
Projects range from oral histories or prose with Web links to visual essays or exhibits.
Projects range from origami flowers and nature party invitations to snow globes and rainsticks.
Projects range from painting to cleanup.
Projects range from paper mache fish and die T-shirts to bead art and friendship bracelets.
Projects range from poultry and animal science to communication and consumer education.
Projects range from printing personalized holiday cards to simple ornaments for a tree.
Projects range from production, membership and fund-raising activities.
Projects range from quite small to very large, complex, multi-year undertakings.
Projects range from raking leaves, other yard work, washing windows, cleaning, painting, etc.
Projects range from reading and writing, to science, to community health.
Projects range from rehabilitation of existing buildings to new low and mid-rise housing.
Projects range from repairing water-tight doors and hatches to replacing corroded deck drains.
Projects range from residential structures to architectural cladding on multi-storey buildings.
Projects range from residential to heavy civil engineering estimates.
Projects range from rewriting or ghostwriting to book design and typesetting.
Projects range from rigging and sail care to crew fitness to galley stowage.
Projects range from rings, pendants, earrings and bracelets.
Projects range from rings, pendants, earrings, and bracelets.
Projects range from road improvements to bike and pedestrian trails.
Projects range from searching for World War II submarines to checking the integrity of pipelines.
Projects range from short focussed studies and evaluations to extended monitoring programmes.
Projects range from silent auctions to benefit parties.
Projects range from simple craft items to furniture.
Projects range from simple exhibits to true research work.
Projects range from simple sun catchers and simple boxes to small windows.
Projects range from simple suncatchers and simple boxes to small windows.
Projects range from simple tenant improvements to large scale office and multi-family complexes.
Projects range from simple to complex and many work well even in a one-computer classroom.
Projects range from simple to complex.
Projects range from simple to more advanced.
Projects range from single station operations to multi-million dollar systems.
Projects range from skin cancer prevention to hand washing awareness.
Projects range from small family vegetable gardens to large marketing co-operatives.
Projects range from small non-associative art to large group projects.
Projects range from small one-color pieces to more complex color realizations.
Projects range from small scale additions and modernizations to complete new campuses.
Projects range from small scheme design studies to complete, turnkey supply packages.
Projects range from small water main extensions to subdivision development.
Projects range from small, local and citywide outreaches to large, regional campaigns.
Projects range from small-time color brochures to multimillion dollar catalogs.
Projects range from stained glass to fabric.
Projects range from strategic planning to setting up accounting systems.
Projects range from strategic to crisis management.
Projects range from stream restoration to the benefits of composting.
Projects range from students choosing their own adventure stories to multiplayer games.
Projects range from suburban single-use retailers to large mixed use high rise developments.
Projects range from testing polymers to evaluating phototubes to developing software.
Projects range from the fine arts to the hard sciences.
Projects range from the protection of riparian habitats to amphibian surveys.
Projects range from the study of ancient civilizations to robotic design.
Projects range from thoughtfully designed learning centers to videos and multi-media presentations.
Projects range from tourism and value-added manufacturing to historic preservation.
Projects range from trail clearing and general maintenance to leanto restoration and summit seeding.
Projects range from tutoring elementary school students to helping non-profit organization.
Projects range from urban to rural, U.S. to overseas.
Projects range from user and reference manuals to Web page development and software demos.
Projects range from vending machines to elevators.
Projects range from very elaborate with lots of production to basic, short and simple ones.
Projects range from very low noise pre amps, to high speed digital control systems.
Projects range from video recording to network-level programming.
Projects range from visiting with the elderly to reading and helping with arts and crafts projects.
Projects range from water quality education to cleanups and restoration.
Projects range from wetland clean-up to educating school children about the environment.
Projects range from wetland conservation to trail development.
Projects range from wooden home pans to regional power strategy-project descriptions.
Projects range in complexity from a simple set of push-up bars to a hydraulic engine lift.
Projects range in development from advanced drilling stage to grass roots prospects.
Projects range in difficulty from basic to advanced, with degree of difficulty clearly specified.
Projects range in difficulty from easy beginner pieces to advanced brainteasers.
Projects range in emphasis from purely clinical to basic research.
Projects range in scale from the ore deposit to regional studies.
Projects range in scope from small a small record label to giant financial institutions.
Projects range in scope from small renovations to entire new school campuses.
Projects range in size and budget depending on client's needs.
Projects range in size from a few thousand to many millions of dollars.
Projects range in size from distribution main extensions to major treatment plant expansions.
Projects range in size from small custom residential projects to commercial high-rise buildings.
Projects range in size from small feasibility studies to large, complex development projects.
Projects range in time from two hours to several months with extremely critical deadlines.
Projects range in value from a few hundred to many millions of dollars.
Projects range over a variety of processes in an array of industries.
Projects range throughout the disciplines.
Projects range widely in policy area, level of quantitative analysis required, size, and complexity.
Projects Read and analyze government documents.
Projects receive no funding until they begin generating electricity for sale.
Projects receiving the highest cumulative scores receive priority consideration for assistance.
Projects reconstruct conversations taking place around and through specific poems and poets.
Projects recovering Hispanic women s voices are especially welcome.
Projects recovering Hispanic women's voices are especially welcome.
Projects reflect applications with specific audiences, contexts, and production criteria.
Projects reflect the student's initiative and creativity.
Projects rehearse every other day to give playwrights adequate time for re-writes.
Projects reinforce the logical nature of creativity.
Projects relate to any aspect of Texas' history.
Projects relate to expansion of client-server, web application and distance education environments.
Projects relate to solvent replacement in organic synthesis and separation processes.
Projects related to aerospace and airframe design and manufacture are of particular interest.
Projects related to hobbies or to contentious campus matters seem to be very popular.
Projects related to road construction are of continuing importance.
Projects related to the development or use of theory in injury prevention are also acceptable.
Projects rely heavily on student initiative and are always done in teams.
Projects remain active until facility completion.
Projects remain understaffed.
Projects reoccur each school year.
Projects report a lack of discussions in site investigation reports about risks to the environment.
Projects represent a large and identifiable investment.
Projects representing more than half of the expanded capacity are already under construction.
Projects require at least two clubs or districts in two different Rotary countries.
Projects require careful planning to achieve maximum success.
Projects require clear approvals and sign-off by sponsors.
Projects require detail work and excellent organizational skills.
Projects require employees to work at heights and sometimes in extreme temperatures.
Projects require faculty sponsorship and earn academic credit and expense allowances.
Projects require few specialized tools.
Projects require instructor approval.
Projects require matching funds or in-kind support from other sponsors.
Projects require minimal system resources.
Projects require one-third matching dollars from the applicant.
Projects require only a one-time commitment by volunteers.
Projects require only basic tools and equipment found in most home workshops.
Projects require personal investigations and analysis of specific organization.
Projects require practical use of math in real life situations.
Projects require prior approval of the professor.
Projects require research at local archives, libraries, and architectural drawings collections.
Projects require research, data collection, report writing, and presentations.
Projects require strong grassroots, strategic planning, political and media background.
Projects require strong grassroots, strategic planning, political, media background.
Projects require use of network simulation tools in comprehensive network design.
Projects requiring additional hours is by quote.
Projects requiring advanced skills are generally open only to older campers.
Projects requiring extensive design and prototype manufacturing sometimes run two terms.
Projects result in hard copy and Internet products.
Projects result in poems, essays, research projects, and creative writing.
Projects reticle onto target.
Projects revolve around entertainment, theme park and outdoor human needs.
Projects run continually.
Projects run directly or made for distribu- tion.
Projects run for a limited period of time, typically between several months and several years.
Projects run for ten weeks and students are supported by stipends.
Projects run from helping with mailings to researching grazing allotments.
Projects run in Fall and Spring.
Projects run into snags of unforeseeable difficulty.
Projects run schools, shelters, and health care programs.
Projects See samples of what students in the department have made.
Projects See the new projects page for further details.
Projects See the projects webpage , or below for a general introduction.
Projects See what open source projects are underway now.
Projects seek to develop systems which explot the Web.
Projects seek to ensure usability of highways following earthquakes.
Projects seem crucial for it.
Projects seem to evolve in unexpected ways.
Projects serve younger children, elders and the homeless, among others.
Projects shine with vibrant color and crisp black text.
Projects Sound in a digital environment for people who are blind .
Projects span all industries, from light manufacturing to mining to computer software.
Projects span local communities, public library systems, and the entire state.
Projects span the entire semester and are selected from a list of available problems.
Projects span the globe from wastewater facilities to high-rise structures.
Projects spanning three terms sharpen critical general management knowledge and skills.
Projects start immediately from source PDF file.
Projects start with a proposal, acknowledging our understanding of the client.
Projects stay on schedule.
Projects Step by step directions explaining how to make specific jewelry items start to finish.
Projects stress bottom line profits to encourage adoption.
Projects study the medical, physiological and psychological adaptations to exercise.
Projects studying physiology of birds, insects, etc. belong in Zoology .
Projects succeed to the extent that authority matches responsibility.
Projects supply teachers with materials adaptable to a variety of settings.
Projects supports the specialized study of preservice bilingual school psychologists.
Projects Take a look at our work , both past and present.
Projects Take a look at some of our current projects.
Projects Take a look at the free wireless internet project .
Projects take approximately four to six weeks to complete.
Projects take approximately one to two months to complete others just a few days or hours.
Projects take longer than they do.
Projects take many forms and are implemented in various ways.
Projects take many forms including empirical research, library research, and applied projects.
Projects take many forms.
Projects take on a life of their own.
Projects take on a variety of forms including making web pages, videos, posters and presentations.
Projects take place all over Australia all year round.
Projects take place in Boston and the South Shore suburbs.
Projects take place in France and Italy, and participants stay in restored houses in the villages.
Projects take place in partnership with industry on in engineering technology labs.
Projects take place in the classroom and integrate arts with the curriculum.
Projects take place in the classroom.
Projects take place outside traditional work hours.
Projects target high risk populations.
Projects target individuals with disabilities who are unserved or underserved.
Projects targeting regeneration, repair, or restoration of function are of strong interest.
Projects tend to arrive in a whiter shade of pale.
Projects tend to be action-oriented.
Projects tend to be in the medical, industrial equipment, military and consumer products industries.
Projects tend to be more complex and wider in scope.
Projects tend to be ongoing and hence provide substantial and meaningful professional development.
Projects tend to be small, but significant to the lives affected.
Projects tend to be staffed locally.
Projects tend to focus on applied engineering, and frequently address specific industry needs.
Projects tend to generate files of various types.
Projects tend to get started to fill functional gaps near the frontier.
Projects tend to have a quick turn-around time, allowing staff to have an extremely varied career.
Projects tend to present at least two problems which are less common in non project situations.
Projects tend to specialise in particular training fields.
Projects then become a school year project.
Projects There are numerous summer projects at the computer center.
Projects there focus on privatization, small business development, and the rule of law.
Projects truly are long-term.
Projects typically begin in the fall semester but often begin in the summer.
Projects typically end with a reflective final report.
Projects typically experience an ebb and flow of resource demand.
Projects typically have a duration of one to three months.
Projects typically involve construction, painting, landscaping, and light demolition.
Projects typically involve parties with existing relationships and histories.
Projects typically involve physical labor using indigenous resources.
Projects typically require the gathering as well as the analysis of data.
Projects typically span one to two years and seed further work funded from other sources.
Projects typically take a shorter time to go live and produce benefits.
Projects typically utilize layered financing of public and private debt and equity.
Projects undertaken are at industry standard.
Projects undertaken are beyond the normal risk or interest of industry to pursue in a timely manner.
Projects undertaken by architecture students are generally concerned with the design of buildings.
Projects undertaken can be either high profile or more 'grass roots' based.
Projects undertaken include designing sites from scratch and renovating existing sites.
Projects undertaken reflect the government needs and priorities.
Projects use a variety of media.
Projects use collage, paint, construction and printing.
Projects use computer simulation programs and lab trainers.
Projects use computer simulation programs.
Projects use manual and computer-based transaction processing systems.
Projects use new technology approaches that build skills.
Projects use pine and other Western softwoods to build a little breathing room into homes.
Projects use simple materials that are colored to suit the whim of the maker.
Projects use supplies that are on hand or easy to find.
Projects utilize realtime data available from the Internet.
Projects vary according to interest.
Projects vary according to the amount of time, effort and resources they require.
Projects vary according to the industry involved, but all focus on innovation.
Projects vary according to the needs of the Refuge and the interests and abilities of the volunteer.
Projects vary according to the talents and inclinations of the majors.
Projects vary and are typically conducted in conjunction with industries or government agencies.
Projects vary annually.
Projects vary but include creation of customized maps and design of image maps.
Projects vary by scope and size of problem, responsibility, and approval.
Projects vary by size and stages of development.
Projects vary considerably both in scope and size.
Projects vary depending on course level, and age.
Projects vary depending on department.
Projects vary depending on experience and ability.
Projects vary depending on faculty advisor.
Projects vary depending on the time of year the internship takes place.
Projects vary each summer because they are real world experiences.
Projects vary from a refrigerator with a sliding door to a new way to wash dishes or heat a house.
Projects vary from beef production to geology and from aerospace to computers.
Projects vary from beef production to geology and from aerospace to food preparation.
Projects vary from music videos to corporate industrials.
Projects vary from one day's work to a week or more in length and involve a variety of activities.
Projects vary from one-day consultancies to research or development projects spanning several years.
Projects vary from painting pools, fences, and tables to constructing playground equipment.
Projects vary from program to program.
Projects vary from quick and easy to advanced pieces.
Projects vary from semester to semester.
Projects vary from site to site and depending on time of year.
Projects vary from small consultancy contracts to large multi-site implementations.
Projects vary from small residential remodels to large industrial buildings.
Projects vary from studies in literature to advanced practice of language skills.
Projects vary from term to term as deemed appropriate by the instructor.
Projects vary from utility programs, games, reference material, to full-blown applications.
Projects vary from working with people to working with nature.
Projects vary from year to year depending on perceived needs.
Projects vary from year to year.
Projects vary in complexity and allotted class time.
Projects vary in creation length, client requirements, effects, originality, and client deadlines.
Projects vary in degrees of complexity, duration and cost.
Projects vary in difficulty according to the age and experience of the member.
Projects vary in difficulty and level of commitment.
Projects vary in disciplinary subject matter and scope.
Projects vary in duration, value, and complexity.
Projects vary in each school.
Projects vary in length and time commitments are flexible.
Projects vary in length from months to years.
Projects vary in scope from product design to the development of world's fair pavilio ns.
Projects vary in shape, size and in what they do.
Projects vary in size and scope, from a master site plan to a poolside garden scheme.
Projects vary in size and scope, so there is an array of choices for donors.
Projects vary in size and scope.
Projects vary in size from scanning a single drawing to archiving thousands of documents.
Projects vary in their level of educational benefit, complexity, levels of involvement and duration.
Projects vary significantly as to the type of jail beds.
Projects vary throughout the year.
Projects vary to meet user needs.
Projects vary widely from one country to the next.
Projects vary widely.
Projects vary with each program.
Projects vary with interests and background of the individual student.
Projects vary, and no experience is required.
Projects vary, but are sure to please.
Projects waiting for inputs from others move to the side.
Projects work in Russian and English.
Projects work very well on the Internet.
Projects work with schools that have the same advisor mentor for the students.
Projects always feature excellent organization of documentary material.
Projects always have specific outcomes and dates when the work begins and ends.
Projects frequently involve stakeholder consultations.
Projects frequently involve the procurement of services and products from outside agencies.
Projects often address controversial, unprecedented, and sensitive issues.
Projects often can contribute to more than one outcome.
Projects often combine maintenance tasks with physical asset additions and modifications.
Projects often fail at the implementation stage.
Projects often fail because off beat planning and implementation.
Projects often fail due to the lack of requirements.
Projects often feature layering and some are actually two panels- one superimposed over the other.
Projects often get into trouble when problems cross the boundary between hardware and software.
Projects often have multiple effects, as they both increase income and make new services available.
Projects often involve access to confidential company information.
Projects often involve building parks or greenways with the participation of school children.
Projects often involve collaboration in a team setting with scientists from around the world.
Projects often involve collecting and analyzing data and are usually cross-curridular in nature.
Projects often involve cooperative efforts with Native peoples to study fish and wildlife resources.
Projects often involve meta-analysis of existing literature.
Projects often involve multiple development groups in different locations and time zones.
Projects often last over a year, especially when more thorough investigations are necessary.
Projects often outlive the accuracy of our memories.
Projects often require expert knowledge in multiple disciplines.
Projects often require special agreements to accommodate the mix of retail and residential uses.
Projects often require students to work in the evening and on weekends.
Projects often require the efforts of other people.
Projects often simulate the decision-making processes of a health care provider.
Projects often start out small, as an added responsibility for staff.
Projects often take years to complete.
Projects sometimes go more smoothly after teachers develop their own contacts.
Projects sometimes involve coordination of activities university-wide.
Projects usually benefit the student's employing organization also.
Projects usually fail because of lack of commitment or poor understanding of the problem.
Projects usually focus on one of the following activity methods.
Projects usually have strict deadlines, so expect some weekend work.
Projects usually involve electromechanical products under the control of a microcontroller.
Projects usually involve more than just the playing field construction.
Projects usually last ten to thirty days and require excellent training and presentation skills.
Projects usually require some implementation, but usually no original research.
Projects usually start with structure determination using diffraction techniques.
Projects usually take six to nine months to be completed.
All project are from students that have passed the course.
All project are open to anyone that wants to attend.
All project reports due.
All project work, including the names of companies, is kept strictly confidential.
All projects advance sustainable development in some form.
All projects aim at concrete results to be demonstrated in the field.
All projects aim to bring students and local communities together to foster positive social change.
All projects aim to meet the product design requirements of one of the many cooperating companies.
All projects also require office work for computer-input and compilation of data.
All projects are active by default.
All projects are adaptable to a variety of content-based curriculum.
All projects are at research level and at small scale.
All projects are available in cassette and compact disc format.
All projects are available on a first come first served basis.
All projects are carefully cost-planned to ensure the best possible outcome.
All projects are client specific confidential reports.
All projects are client-based and require distribution.
All projects are collaborative efforts.
All projects are complete or under construction.
All projects are completely confidential.
All projects are completely customizable, as well as scaleable, to meet the clients's needs.
All projects are cumulitive .
All projects are custom designed for needs of the client.
All projects are custom designed to insure a high degree of client satisfaction.
All projects are customer focused and include appropriate partners.
All projects are design, build, and test.
All projects are different.
All projects are due at least one week before the end of the quarter for which they are counted.
All projects are due at the beginning of class on the assigned date.
All projects are due at the beginning of class on the date specified.
All projects are due at the beginning of class on the due date unless otherwise specified.
All projects are due at the beginning of class on the due date.
All projects are due at the beginning of class on the due dates.
All projects are due at the beginning of class on their respective due dates.
All projects are due at the beginning of the class period on the day assigned.
All projects are due at the beginning of the class period.
All projects are due at the beginning of the period .
All projects are due at the end of the semester.
All projects are due before the class on the specified days.
All projects are due by class time.
All projects are due by midnight of the due date.
All projects are due by the last class.
All projects are due during class on the date due.
All projects are due in final form one week before the beginning of final exams.
All projects are due in final form.
All projects are due on Fridays at class time.
All projects are due on the announced due date at the beginning of class.
All projects are due on the assigned date.
All projects are due on the date assigned.
All projects are due on the date listed.
All projects are due on the due date.
All projects are due on the last day of class.
All projects are due on the posted time.
All projects are due two weeks after being assigned.
All projects are due when assigned.
All projects are environmental and located in attractive areas of rich wildlife.
All projects are equal in value.
All projects are for start up costs for accessing the Internet.
All projects are free and open to the public.
All projects are free of charge and are designed for use by international schools.
All projects are free of charge.
All projects are freely available to all users.
All projects are from big European clients.
All projects are from one simple pattern and use our new collection of beautiful holiday home dec.
ALL Projects are full semester assignments.
All projects are fully-peer reviewed.
All projects are generally eligible.
All projects are in Georgia and Florida.
All projects are in mining friendly areas.
All projects are individual assignments.
All projects are interesting and stimulate a desire for lifelong learning.
All projects are kernel-level.
All projects are like challenging consulting engagements.
All projects are now complete and distributed to staff.
All projects are of comparable size and complexity.
All projects are on schedule and on budget.
All projects are open to all club members.
All projects are open to other projects.
All projects are partnerships between many agencies and organizations.
All projects are professionally prepared, proofread and Shepardized.
All projects are programming projects.
All projects are publicly accessible.
All projects are real and require solutions.
All projects are rotary cut and template free.
All projects are similar in that they are developed to meet specified program goals.
All projects are strongly industrially related, and some involve placement within company labs.
All projects are student designed and student tested.
All projects are student-made, and one work has college life written all over it.
All projects are subject to a five year maintenance agreement.
All projects are subject to a process of evaluation when the research is completed.
All projects are subject to a thorough monitoring and follow-up process.
All projects are subject to approval by the course instructor.
All projects are subject to audit prior to final payment.
All projects are subject to change because of weather, emergency work and other unsuspected events.
All projects are subject to change, withdrawal, modification or amendment.
All projects are subject to change.
All projects are subject to funding constraints and permitting clearances.
All projects are subject to historic review.
All projects are subject to the availability of adequate funds.
All projects are subject to yearly review.
All projects are subscription-based.
All projects are suitable for both needle and shuttle tatting techniques.
All projects are supported by administrative and biostatistics cores.
All projects are the result of many persons' ideas and efforts.
All projects are to be completed and handed in at the end of class on the due date.
All projects are to be completed neatly and to the best of the students ability.
All projects are to be completed on time unless there is a medical excuse or a family emergency.
All projects are to be completed within eighteen months.
All projects are to be done individually.
All projects are to be submitted at the start of class on the designated due date.
All projects are to be submitted in class on the day of the deadline.
All projects are to be submitted on the due date given with each assignment.
All projects are to be turned in by midnight of the due date.
All projects are to be typed.
All projects are to be typewritten, double-spaced, complete with footnotes and bibliography.
All projects are to result in a final product.
All projects are under the guidance of a faculty member.
All projects are unique in some respect and vary in emphasis, complexity, and scope.
All projects are unique.
All projects are voluntary and are between willing sellers and willing buyers only.
All projects are welcome.
All projects are within the last five years and are new construction unless noted otherwise.
All projects are work in forefront areas of science and technology.
All projects are, however, scrutinised for their effects on women.
All projects become the property of the student.
All projects begin by the completion of the online vector request form.
All projects begin on an optimistic note.
All projects begin with a production meeting.
All projects begin with a scope of work.
All projects begin with wet clay, so most shapes and textures can be created.
All projects benefit from architectural computer-generated design documentation.
All projects benefit from the personal involvement of a director.
All projects can benefit from risk assessment.
All projects combine bioengineering approaches with cell and molecular biology techniques.
All projects come with complete instructions and plans.
All projects come with our patented one piece full length templates for ease of marking and cutting.
All projects complete a self-evaluation and audit by an independent auditor annually.
All projects contain risks, and small, one-person projects are certainly no exception.
All projects contain the knowledge to be added, deleted, modified, and moved, among other functions.
All projects contain theoretical research questions, and most have an applied aspect.
All projects continue to develop and demonstrate best practices.
All projects contribute to the advancement of public health.
All projects contribute, one way or other, to our central theme of understanding intelligence.
All projects count equally in the grading process.
All projects culminate in an exhibit.
All projects culminate in the creation of a final research essay.
All projects culminate in the publication of a final report and an oral presentation to the client.
All projects culminate in the publication of final reports and oral presentations to the clients.
All projects demonstrate NeTraMet data collection, analysis, and graphing capabilities.
All projects directly engage local partners in design and implementation.
All projects done by students are production applications.
All projects entail risk to varying degrees, and can impact a project in several ways.
All projects feature simple construction and tons of warmth and charm.
All projects focus on building sustainable organiational and community capacity.
All projects focus on needy students in rural schools.
All projects focus on students' effort, creativity and craftsmanship.
All projects focus on the mechanical, architectural, and facilities management disciplines.
All projects follow a detailed proposal developed jointly with the client.
All projects funded by the federal or state and local governments are sponsored programs.
All projects generate deliverable written and oral reports.
All projects get full credit for webpage design and the presentation.
All projects go through a peer review process.
All projects go through bad phases and a few kind words can help a lot.
All projects go through basic design phases.
All projects have a learning component.
All projects have a specific scope, deliverables, checkpoints, and conclusion.
All projects have ample introductions, and the reader' s hand is held during the first part.
All Projects have contact information.
All projects have costs, including unintended consequences.
All projects have deadlines, which means that members of project teams have deadlines.
All projects have easy to follow step by step drawings and instructions.
All projects have equal weights.
All projects have full color photos of completed items.
ALL projects have glitches.
All projects have high points and low points.
All projects have industrial sponsors and involve technology transfer.
All projects have photos.
All projects have risk.
All projects have risks.
All projects have significant industrial involvement.
All projects have some common characteristics.
All projects have the common requirement of taking a concept through construction.
All projects have their hiccups and mini-disasters.
All projects have to be turned in and orally presented.
All projects incorporate full participation and cost-sharing by national partners.
All projects incur both direct and indirect costs.
All projects inevitably involve many people.
All projects integrate math and science in some form.
All projects invite the visitor to take part at the creation of the common artwork.
All projects involve collaboration between the teacher, assistant teacher and computer specialist.
All projects involve collaborations of several institutions.
All projects involve collaborations with other groups.
All projects involve direct action in communities to protect and preserve their local environments.
All projects involve making or doing.
All projects involve monitoring of effects.
All projects involve risk.
All projects listed below are in development.
All projects meet first day of winter term.
All projects much secure their data and Web sites.
All projects pay full water and sewer charges including the two sewer benefits.
All projects proceed in an iterative manner.
All projects progress through a systematic sequence of steps before completion.
All projects promote economic development.
All projects provide comprehensive independent living services.
All projects provide copy and generous pay scale.
All projects provide the funding sponsor with annual reports at a minimum and final project reports.
All projects receive an appropriate level of assessment based on their complexity.
All projects receive the attention to detail that produces only the finest finished products.
All projects receive the highest applicable point level only.
All projects relate to emerging managed care delivery systems.
All projects related to campus infrastructure are complete.
All projects relating to the nutrition education campaign appear together under that heading.
All projects remain property of individual artists.
All projects remain property of their individual creators.
All projects require a deliverable report in both written and oral formats.
All projects require a full-time commitment.
All projects require a group presentation and written report.
All projects require a sponsor .
All projects require a sponsor.
All projects require a toilet paper roll to complete.
All projects require a typed component including at least historical facts.
All projects require a written paper and an oral presentation.
All projects require a written report.
All projects require adult supervision.
All projects require approval prior to the start date of the event.
All projects require extensive outside work and result in a formal written report.
All projects require faculty advisors.
All projects require interaction with our clients from start to finish.
All projects require interest and expertise in analog circuits, feedback, and low-power electronics.
All projects require monitoring.
All projects require oral and written reports.
All projects require oral presentations and written reports.
All projects require prior approval.
All projects require prior permission of the project advisor.
All projects require reports and oral briefings to the client.
All projects require strength of material analysis to be done based on the project goals.
All projects require the writing of HTML documentation .
All projects require written reports documenting the algorithm development and experimental results.
All projects result in an academic paper that is evaluated by the faculty mentor.
All projects revolve are Internet projects.
All projects scheduled in advance for the yearly plan receive priority status.
All projects seek financial assistance and some are dependent upon it.
All projects seek in some way to preserve, protect and promote the cultures if indigenous peoples.
All projects share the common goal of improving teaching and learning in California schools.
All projects start off with enthusiasm.
All projects start with a clear Statement of Work including milestones and deadlines.
All projects study the Dutch-German border area.
All projects taken for credit are letter graded.
All projects target family involvement.
All projects use easily found general craft materials, many recycled, that are easily available.
All projects use email as their main communication and some utilize mailing lists as well.
All projects use fusible, compatible glass.
All projects use marine organisms as experimental animals.
All projects use similar methodologies.
All projects utilize the principles taught in general chemistry.
All projects welcome.
All projects work on technology with direct application to our theme.
Any project assigned without a deadline is likely never to be completed.
Any project begins with financial feasibility.
Any project can cause confusion.
Any project dealing with the above topics is invited to provide input.
Any project fulfilling one or more of the purposes listed above is welcome.
Any project handed in after the due date is subject to a grade of zero.
Any project involving interviews or surveys requires human subjects clearance.
Any project involving personal information is bound to raise a number of issues.
Any project is an invitation.
Any project is eligible, if it provides an opportunity to learn.
Any project is invariably limited in what can be achieved.
Any project is only as effective as the people who work in it.
Any project is planned in a workshop held at the local level .
Any project is years away from fruition.
Any project necessarily takes one of the three forms described above.
Any project needs a leader.
Any project performs much better when it's under a deadline.
Any project teaches students that they are becoming part of the international community.
Any projects falling in the Swamp are unlikely to get done.
Any projects so supported are subject to approval.
Any projects undertaken as part of the plan, however, are still subject to a complete city review.
Every project always consists of both tangibles and intangibles.
Every project accepted for implementation is categorized into one of three types.
Every project accepted for implementation is classified according to one of three types.
Every project becomes a learning experience.
Every project begins in our graphics department.
Every project begins with an idea.
Every project begins with the specific needs of customers and aims to exceed their expectations.
Every project belongs to a specified project type.
Every project brings new and exciting challenges.
Every project can benefit from grass-roots support and involvement.
Every project carries a long-term commitment to both people and land.
Every project carries a unique set of problems and challenges.
Every project comes from the heart, and is fit for display in that special place.
Every project concludes with a group presentation, critique and discussion.
Every project contains one or more packages.
Every project contributes to improved fire protection.
Every project contributes to the realisation of the mission and logically follows from a programme.
Every project deserves passion.
Every project deserves the best possible technical and client support available.
Every project displays a small progress bar that indicates current state of the project.
Every project done with a company is designed to make it more competitive.
Every project earns a different amount of points.
Every project enlists the full attention of the owner.
Every project follows a non-discriminatory policy of family selection.
Every project gets our complete attention.
Every project gets the personal attention it deserves .
Every project goes into Crunch Mode at some point.
Every project goes through a number of logical stages.
Every project goes to the finish.
Every project has a beginning, a middle, and an end.
Every project has a beginning.
Every project has a budget.
Every project has a build plan that specifies the parts that combine to make the final product.
Every project has a central starting point.
Every project has a closing date after a year of operation.
Every project has a common thread.
Every project has a critical path which begins with a contract and ends with a completed project.
Every project has a customer satisfaction guarantee.
Every project has a defining moment.
Every project has a definite beginning and a definite end.
Every project has a definite beginning and definite end.
Every project has a fan.
Every project has a goal.
Every project has a life-cycle.
Every project has a Local Workspace Root.
Every project has a network of required tasks.
Every project has a process or design problem in search of a solution.
Every project has a top-level default diagram.
Every project has a unique payback period.
Every project has an appropriate link or two to help with research.
Every project has at least one critical path, but there can be more than one.
Every project has at least one milestone - the end.
Every project has cash impact.
Every project has complications.
Every project has demonstrable benefit to the military.
Every project has details.
Every project has issues to overcome.
Every project has it's own unique set of challenges.
Every project has limited resources.
Every project has milestones along the critical path.
Every project has more than one outcome.
Every project has potential risks.
Every project has risks.
Every project has strengths and weaknesses.
Every project has such data but it is only available to the public when the grant is completed.
Every project has testing at the end of the project life cycle.
Every project has the potential of involving equal partners in a bilateral process.
Every project has three levels.
Every project has to begin somewhere.
Every project has unique wall requirements.
Every project implies risks, both inside the software and in external forces.
Every project involves a degree of complexity.
Every project involves an alliance between the consultant and the client.
Every project is a candidate for value engineering.
Every project is a custom project.
Every project is a joint venture where our money is combined with our client partner's money.
Every project is a launching pad to the next level.
Every project is a learning experience.
Every project is a little different and fish behave differently at various times of the year.
Every project is a new experience - the only thing that stays the same is the process of design.
Every project is a race against time.
Every project is a welcomed challenge.
Every project is aligned to academic learning requirements or some curriculum.
Every project is allotted five guest screening passes.
Every project is an integration of the business strategy, creativity and technology.
Every project is approached with both sides of the brain.
Every project is assigned to a project manager to ensure a one-contact point for our clients.
Every project is assigned to a Softwerc project manager.
Every project is backed with complete documentation, including the program listing, and drawings.
Every project is completed under the supervision of our principals.
Every project is concluded with a social face to face meeting of all participating students.
Every project is conducted jointly with the customers.
Every project is considered independently.
Every project is coordinated by our creative directors from beginning to end.
Every project is custom designed according to the specific requirements of each company.
Every project is designed to be multidisciplinary and engages multiple learning styles.
Every project is different and nothing remains the same.
Every project is different and requires different levels of analysis.
Every project is different than the next.
Every project is different, as is every client.
Every project is different, giving prices per hour is reasonable in some cases.
Every project is different, of course, and Newark is an interesting case.
Every project is different, so feel free to schedule an initial consulation with our web designer.
Every project is different, so it is virtually impossible to publish pricing.
Every project is different.
Every project is distinctive.
Every project is divided into definable tasks.
Every project is enhanced by input from creative and talented people skilled in various disciplines.
Every project is entirely unique.
Every project is essentially the same thing, just a different mixture of components.
Every project is given a level of commitment unmatched by other kitchen designers.
Every project is given the utmost attention to detail and is delivered on budget, and on time.
Every project is guaranteed an exhibition place and is required to contribute.
Every project is handled by translators and editors whose mother tongue is the target language.
Every project is handled individually by an active, certified instructor.
Every project is handled on an individual basis.
Every project is handled similarly.
Every project is handled with an unparalleled level of integrity and attention to detail.
Every project is handled with the utmost care and confidentiality.
Every project is illustrated, contains a list of materials, and provides careful guidelines.
Every project is important, every client, every contractor.
Every project is kept in cue.
Every project is kid-tested and approved.
Every project is like a road trip.
Every project is meant to have a finite time span.
Every project is measured in terms of performance, time and cost.
Every project is original.
Every project is our passion.
Every project is overseen by a company principal.
Every project is quality checked by our editing and proofing staff.
Every project is sampled at the daily, weekly, and final production stage.
Every project is subject to the committee in question's approval.
Every project is tailored to the client.
Every project is tailored to the needs of each individual congregation.
Every project is tailored to what a company needs.
Every project is tracked and maintained in a central place and documented in a uniform fashion.
Every project is treated equally, whether a personal object or a rare art treasure.
Every project is unique and custom tailored.
Every project is unique and custom-tailored to the needs of a given client.
Every project is unique and exciting.
Every project is unique and is looked upon that way.
Every project is unique and needs to be discussed before a fee is set.
Every project is unique and presents a different combination of requirements and clearances.
Every project is unique and priced accordingly.
Every project is unique and require unique installation procedures.
Every project is unique with specific client requirements and concerns.
Every project is unique, and markets are fluid.
Every project is unique, it depends on the type of project and what processes are to be enabled.
Every project is unique, please see the website.
Every project is unique.
Every project is viewed by the entire class for critiquing.
Every project looks at several options before the final parameters are frozen.
Every project maintains a distinct identity shaped by the needs of the community service agency.
Every project needs a balance of idealism with reality.
Every project needs a code guardian.
Every project needs a competitive edge and a personality.
Every project needs a good manager.
Every project needs a guardian angel, someone who watches over the code.
Every project needs a name, list serves, pledge forms, etc.
Every project needs a release number since retailers keep their inventories that way.
Every project needs a solid base, and the new motor mount does just that and a whole lot more.
Every project needs a yard dog.
Every project needs explicit goals, resources, and a schedule.
Every project needs information about where on the world it is located.
Every project needs project managers to deal with the details.
Every project needs some goals to reach for.
Every project needs somebody who has the authority to say no and is willing to use it.
Every project poses special problems.
Every project presents a real world problem or objective then presents the complete solution.
Every project presents different challenges.
Every project provides hours of enjoyment for both children and adults.
Every project provides unique challenges.
Every project receives a precise first piece inspection, followed by continuous in-process control.
Every project receives customized, personal attention from conception to completion.
Every project receives the benefit of years of hands-on site experience and regulatory knowledge.
Every project redefines entities.
Every project requires a variety of skills, that no one person has.
Every project requires that.
Every project seems vast or difficult in the beginning.
Every project shares a common sense of urgency.
Every project starts and finishes with the realisation of the client's dream our top priority.
Every project starts from sketches.
Every project starts with listening.
Every project starts with the ideas and energy of our staff.
Every project submitted to the committee is entered into our new computer database.
Every project tells a story.
Every project undertaken by a consultant is unique.
Many project noises through a structure on the forehead called the melon.
Many project sheets online.
Many projects address important aspects of environmental, materials, and life science goals.
Many projects aim toward a multi-sensor approach to monitoring coastal processes.
Many projects also have newsletters and Web sites.
Many projects also help generate new businesses.
Many projects also incorporate a database server to process the data.
Many projects also make assumptions regarding demand for services.
Many projects also represent the straightforward application of technical skills and abilities.
Many projects are a bit challenging to construct.
Many projects are a combination of different approaches and business arrangements.
Many projects are already active and more are planned.
Many projects are already completed, others are in the planning stages.
Many projects are already in place and others are planned for the coming school year.
Many projects are already in the works.
Many projects are always in the works .
Many projects are applications-led and involve outside support, collaboration or sponsorship.
Many projects are avail able with archives of information from past projects.
Many projects are available for continued access, as itemized below.
Many projects are available for engineers interested in developing physical design skills.
Many projects are cross-country comparisons.
Many projects are currently able to get financing from local banks.
Many projects are currently available on a wide variety of topics.
Many projects are currently in the planning stages.
Many projects are currently in the works.
Many projects are currently underway.
Many projects are dependent on each other and that dependency is built into the plan.
Many projects are detailed and pointers abound.
Many projects are difficult to promote because they are expensive to implement.
Many projects are directly related to human diseases.
Many projects are equipment-intensive, frequently using foreign contractors.
Many projects are government related.
Many projects are group activities, where the work of one group is assessed by another group.
Many projects are in the works.
Many projects are more expensive than organizations can comfortably handle.
Many projects are multidisciplinary and are pursued collaboratively.
Many projects are multi-jurisdictional, involving as many as five partners.
Many projects are one-offs.
Many projects are optional.
Many Projects are out of date.
Many projects are package treatment plants or complete systems.
Many projects are regional or national in scope and involve research activities in other states.
Many projects are still in the conceptual stage.
Many projects are still under way.
Many projects are too big for just one agency to tackle.
Many projects are too small, in terms of time or dollars, to warrant costly legal scrutiny.
Many projects are under construction now, but some are still listed only as unfunded.
Many projects are under way to convert existing information sources into Web-accessible resources.
Many projects are underway and funds are being sought for others.
Many projects are underway on the international scene in addition to Toronto's innovations.
Many projects are underway to develop or deploy instructional technology on campus.
Many projects attempt to link students with mentors or other students.
Many projects begin by reclaiming land once thought unsuitable for development.
Many projects can also find support from a private foundation or from a corporation.
Many projects can use the talents of both people.
Many projects come with an example and a learning task.
Many projects connect creative young people with professional muralists.
Many projects contain a mix of manual and automated testing.
Many projects contain flaws even though the topic is applicable.
Many projects contain items such as photographs, video or audio recordings.
Many projects deal with education and social services.
Many projects deal with mathematical models or other areas of applied math.
Many projects deal with multiple rather than single sources.
Many projects do have pictures.
Many projects do provide an opportunity to view wildlife in their natural habitats.
Many projects emphasise 'rehabilitation' aspects more than the 'community' aspects.
Many projects end up with internal in-fighting that takes the fun out of getting funded.
Many projects exist in the United States and Canada.
Many projects fail because of client apathy.
Many projects fail.
Many projects financed by new development also provide improvements for all residents.
Many projects focus on geologic hazards relative to site development.
Many projects go astray when the design is to complicated for construction costs.
Many projects have a high-energy, promising beginning but wither away by the end of the semester.
Many projects have an additional human resource development or training component.
Many projects have an external industrial sponsor.
Many projects have an industry sponsor, who implements the team s solution in the company.
Many projects have application to environmental assessment or management.
Many projects have external sponsors.
Many projects have far too few resources and overly severe time pressures.
Many projects have strong international collaborations and links.
Many projects have yet to show a decent return.
Many projects interact primarily with service center processes.
Many projects involve closely working with a family member.
Many projects involve collaboration between the state and the private sector.
Many projects involve extensive international collaboration.
Many projects involve links with other departments, universities and institutions.
Many projects involve links with other departments, universities and other institutions.
Many projects involve more clerical work than actual technical services.
Many projects involve participation in research projects.
Many projects involve people working together from remote locations.
Many projects involve programmable controllers.
Many projects involve significant collaboration among the scientific staff.
Many projects involve teams of teachers, parents, and local community organizations.
Many projects involve travel, either to conferences or to contests .
Many projects involve using the Internet for research and creating Web sites.
Many projects involve words and logos, but working with fonts can be especially challenging.
Many projects involve young people.
Many projects lend themselves to group work encouraging peer tutoring and cooperative learning.
Many projects make the mistake of only adding resources to speed up the schedule.
Many projects make use of a large floating bulkhead for maintaining and inspecting tainter gates.
Many projects occasionally require assistance on an hourly basis with the research.
Many projects occur throughout the District.
Many projects offer variations that can be pursued independently after completing the main project.
Many projects promote cultural awareness through writing and video exchanges.
Many projects promote personal responsibility and involve students in community service.
Many projects provide DAWs for the dubbing stage for quick music adjusting.
Many projects provide opportunities for participants to earn money for project-related work.
Many projects raise questions about personal and ethical values and about one's place in society.
Many projects receive additional funds to continue the scope of work.
Many projects receive additional funds to continue the work.
Many projects receive exposure in the construction reporting media.
Many projects receive funding from national or international organisations.
Many projects require a combination of public and private dollars.
Many projects require a combination of tools to be applied.
Many projects require a functional prototype be constructed.
Many projects require as little as an hour per week.
Many projects require at least two people.
Many projects require input from technical, financial, legal, and marketing communities.
Many projects require multiple components utilizing diverse manufacturing techniques.
Many projects require no overnight travel.
Many projects require no tools.
Many projects require screening or landscaping.
Many projects require special attention and a broad knowledge of the options available.
Many projects require teamwork, so astronauts frequently work in pairs.
Many projects require teamwork.
Many projects result in the publication of scholarly articles and books.
Many projects run annually.
Many projects run into trouble because they lose sight of the simple story.
Many projects seek to develop new forms of agriculture that save and rebuild soil.
Many projects seek to develop new forms of agriculture that save and rebuld soil.
Many projects seem to be on track until two weeks before the deadline.
Many projects span more than one spatial scale.
Many projects specify incentive and disincentive clauses for completing projects early and late.
Many projects spiral out of control.
Many projects suffer unanticipated delays.
Many projects take place on multiple dates and times.
Many projects then share their data via the web for students and researchers to analyze.
Many projects therefore combine elements of population ecology and behavioural ecology.
Many projects transcend areas of specialization and are strengthened by shared expertise.
Many projects undertaken by a homeowner require a building permit.
Many projects use both analog and digital facilities.
Many projects use easy to find, inexpensive materials.
Many projects work fine the first time.
Many projects work in remote communities, some are far off the tourist track.
Many projects work in wonderfully with educational units.
Many projects work towards a close integration of the archive material and the documentation.
Many projects work towards changing attitudes and building awareness.
More projects are in development to preserve other aspects of the indigenous culture.
More projects are in the pipeline.
More projects are in the works.
More projects are on the way, too.
More projects are underway in our design and creation shop.
More projects are underway.
More projects automatically means less involvement, which means less quality control.
More projects continue on a seperate page.
More projects keep appearing - regular exhibitions, concerts, contests, performances.
More projects lie ahead.
More projects mean more construction and rehabilitation, creating more jobs paying good wages.
More projects mean more staff.
Most projects usually do just one or the other.
Most projects add equipment and facilities as required, or plan the use of equipment elsewhere.
Most projects are and have been along the pristine shores of Flathead Lake.
Most projects are appropriate for Confirmation students and some can be done by families.
Most projects are collaborative with other members of the group.
Most projects are commercial with some very custom and high-end residential work.
Most projects are easy, using tools and supplies normally on hand.
Most projects are full-time in scope, with durations from three to eighteen months in length.
Most projects are great for families, youth groups, community centers, or home schoolers.
Most projects are highly leveraged with minimal flexibility for the tenants.
Most projects are in East Asia and Latin America, and most are long-term concessions.
Most projects are in porcine and bovine reproduction.
Most projects are in the So.
Most projects are interdisciplinary and require work in more than one laboratory.
Most projects are layer variety requiring very few steps.
Most projects are likely to involve interactions with students.
Most projects are local but they support research at other localities.
Most projects are multi-disciplinary but some are entirely software.
Most projects are multi-year.
Most projects are national in scope, including research and publications.
Most projects are near cultural and historic centers.
Most projects are on track and some have been started already.
Most projects are one day long, and usually on weekends.
Most projects are ongoing, so dates for internships are flexible.
Most projects are open to the general public.
Most projects are open to the public at no charge.
Most projects are part-time.
Most projects are relevant to several of the challenges, and every project addresses at least one.
Most projects are repeat business from delighted clients.
Most projects are still the result of ad hoc policies.
Most projects are suitable for every fitness level, but they can vary.
Most projects are suitable for flexible schedules.
Most projects are too critical to be cancelled.
Most projects are two to four weeks.
Most projects assigned to summer associates involve a written work product.
Most projects begin the following fall.
Most projects begin with a layout in a traditional media and be completed on the computer.
Most projects begin with a plan review before a permit is issued.
Most projects being under investigation have a markedly interdisciplinary character.
Most projects break even or run in the black.
Most projects combine development of activist skills with training and research.
Most projects come in on time and on budget.
Most projects come with a set of guidelines.
Most projects come with plans and materials only and complete manufacturing is required.
Most projects completed under term contracts are renovations.
Most projects consist of a written quiz and a product.
Most projects contain a pilot running phase.
Most projects contain no half or quarter stitches and are suitable for beginning stitchers.
MOST projects cover areas where domestic policies often impact on a global scale.
Most projects deal with fiber and wood.
Most projects deal with the external cell membrane.
Most projects encompass theoretical considerations as well as experimental techniques.
Most projects end up either being too simplistic, or too monstrous.
Most projects end up very different from the initial discussions.
Most projects entail coming up with a hypothesis that can be tested by collecting data.
Most projects evolve internally, using existing employees, often augmented by college interns.
Most projects explore the interconnectivity of the environment.
Most projects fail because of poor grounding.
Most projects fail on startup or near enough to that time through marketing style dross.
Most projects fail or succeed before they begin.
Most projects find they badly underestimated funding for staff and particularly technology support.
Most projects focus on applying laser materials processing to industrial problems.
Most projects focus on environmental mapping.
Most projects focus on grass-roots development.
Most projects focus on new job creation through expansion or new business creation.
Most projects focus on problems related to the health and welfare of horses.
Most projects go awry because there was poor preproduction.
Most projects have a budget and time line that was to some degree fixed by senior management.
Most projects have a budget.
Most projects have a database aspect.
Most projects have a moderate income mix.
Most projects have an aim to strengthen the basis for environmental health risk assessment.
Most projects have an industrial motivation and input.
Most projects have certain data files that they always use.
Most projects have enough credibility to attempt only one rescue.
Most projects have external sponsors.
Most projects have kick-off meetings to make sure everyone's playing to the same tune.
Most projects have multiple collaborators although only the first few are listed.
Most projects have the functional view, that is, practice can be managed with theory.
Most projects have valuable booklets for families to work in together.
Most projects have well-defined deliverables, typically in the form of preproduction prototypes.
Most projects illuminate with the included transformer, except where noted.
Most projects integrate field work with laboratory studies.
Most projects involve a blend of experiment, theory and numerical analysis.
Most projects involve a cross-genre element such as science fiction and religion.
Most projects involve a flat integration fee and a monthly charge.
Most projects involve a mixture of analytic and computational work.
Most projects involve an element of reading other people's research.
Most projects involve both experiment and theory.
Most projects involve characterizing the physiological responses of plants to arthropod injury.
Most projects involve construction work.
Most projects involve control electronics as well as mechanical design and printed circuit layout.
Most projects involve field rather than laboratory research, or a combination of both.
Most projects involve field work during the summer between the junior and senior years.
Most projects involve minor upkeep and maintenance, new seat cushions, that sort of thing.
Most projects involve more than two years.
Most projects involve no programming at all.
Most projects involve numerous, but basic, short-term accomplishments.
Most projects involve one laboratory period per week per credit hour.
Most projects involve sharing their thoughts in a presentation to the class.
Most projects involve some amount of change.
Most projects involve students wanting to learn more about how to work in cities.
Most projects involve the development of three critical documents.
Most projects involve working a summer job in conjunction to the project.
Most projects lack proper management, but many projects are managed to death.
Most projects last less than a day while others are ongoing.
Most projects last less than a day.
Most projects offer a volunteer service to the community.
Most projects offer free places or free days.
Most projects offer several levels of participation for kids of varying grade and skill levels.
Most projects offer volunteer passes as a reward for official volunteer work.
Most projects only allow a small window of opportunity.
Most projects only require four sheets of paper for the lid and four for the bottom.
Most projects originate as proposals from individuals in the library and information services field.
Most projects present several options which affect the look, durability, timeline and cost.
Most projects provide an understanding of economic principles.
Most Projects range between tactical and strategic basic research.
Most projects receive funding from other sources as well.
Most projects rely on the active participation of many students for their success.
Most projects require a building permit.
Most projects require a minimum of seven working days.
Most projects require a permit of some kind.
Most projects require a toilet paper roll to complete.
Most projects require an integrated approach in order to arrive at effective solutions.
Most projects require at least two semesters of research plus a summer.
Most projects require computer or calculator use.
Most projects require international travel for research meetings with sponsor firms abroad.
Most projects require less than an hour of work a week from the mentor.
Most projects require one or two common tools such as a scissors or hacksaw.
Most projects require strong preparation in the history of art.
Most projects require strong writing, research, and computer skills.
Most projects require teamwork.
Most projects require the following phases of planning, in sequence.
Most projects require the submission of a technical report.
Most projects require the teamwork of two, or even all three groups.
Most projects require the use of PCs and workstations.
Most projects require three hands.
Most projects result in more storm water runoff than what occurred previously.
Most projects seeking to change diets, however, end with people s returning to their old ways.
Most projects sluice debris downstream to maintain aquatic habitat.
Most projects span a time period of a few days to a few months.
Most projects span three to nine months and require part of one day per week.
Most projects succeed and the people enjoy the benefits.
Most projects succeed or fail within the first few weeks of the start of the project.
Most projects take around five months to complete.
Most projects take from three to six months to create the first costing system.
Most projects take less than two hours.
Most projects take much longer.
Most projects take place before or after regular work hours.
Most projects take place on nights and weekends.
Most projects take twice as long and cost more than twice as much as planned to complete.
Most projects tend to involve the maintenance of an existing application.
Most projects undergo minimal review i.e., shutters.
Most projects using the technology involve integrated curriculum.
Most projects utilize two or more funding sources to finance a project.
Most projects work against a fixed deadline for delivery.
Some project ideas A project based on an application follows.
Some projects actually build a base for new wetlands with dredged material and plantings.
Some projects add to the campus infrastructure.
Some projects allow students to take a short leave of absence.
Some projects also have age recommendations.
Some projects also have layout maps.
Some projects also maintain their own support networks of diplomatic and other high-level contacts.
Some projects also provide childcare for younger children.
Some projects also require a hookup fee, as applicable.
Some projects also require illustration .
Some projects are a little too complex to be easily bid.
Some projects are about building a better mousetrap.
Some projects are about to expand from city-level demonstrations to national programmes.
Some projects are already in limbo.
Some projects are already online and well underway.
Some projects are already underway and others are scheduled to begin soon.
Some projects are beautiful, others ordinary to the eye.
Some projects are brief, requiring consultation with the agencies via telephone or email.
Some projects are carried on an individual basis others are group assignments.
Some projects are commercial and require a registration fee, but most are totally free of charge.
Some projects are complete while others are launching soon.
Some projects are confidential and so no further information can be provided.
Some projects are counter productive, actually increasing vehicular travel.
Some projects are easier to charge by flat rate.
Some projects are easy, some take more time.
Some projects are eligible for an expedited review by the chair.
Some projects are exempt from design review.
Some projects are exempt.
Some projects are expensive.
Some projects are for children, others, ageless.
Some projects are good if they can be worked into the scheduling and resources of the school.
Some projects are individual projects, while others are group efforts.
Some projects are inherently error-prone.
Some projects are international.
Some projects are joint efforts with other research groups.
Some projects are just disasters, and everyone realizes it, but no one wants to pull the plug.
Some projects are large, some are small.
Some projects are modest in scope while others are major undertakings.
Some projects are more fun if done as a group, and some clubs work through projects as groups.
Some projects are more worthwhile than others.
Some projects are multi-stage, where multiple forms are needed, and multiple CGI calls are required.
Some projects are multi-year and complex, with many specialists.
Some projects are now complete and some are still continuing.
Some projects are of agricultural relevance.
Some projects are ongoing through the fall.
Some projects are pilot work in order to understand the full cost.
Some projects are plot driven while others are character driven.
Some projects are rough on the hands.
Some projects are short term.
Some projects are short-term, while others have become annual initiatives.
Some projects are simple enough that it is practical to apply black box testing alone.
Some projects are simple, some take special skills.
Some projects are simply too massive to undertake without drawing on outside resources.
Some projects are single buildings while other are complexes.
Some projects are site specific such as mining.
Some projects are small, like engineering studies.
Some projects are so large, in fact, they require project managers.
Some projects are soley internet based and set up to be non-profit from the beginning.
Some projects are specific to individual trades.
Some projects are student-focused, with less outreach to parents and other community members.
Some projects are suitable for use in schools.
Some projects are the light bulb activity and making batteries.
Some projects are three-dimensional as well.
Some projects are time-limited, and some ongoing.
Some projects are to be done individually.
Some projects are too large or too costly to be completed in one year.
Some projects are totally void of any commercial banners, etc.
Some projects are very mundane and others are cutting edge.
Some projects are very short in duration, while others offer an ongoing commitment.
Some projects are very straight forward and others involve intricate detail work.
Some projects are weather sensitive and dates are subject to change.
Some projects are wholly amateur, others are amateur work under professional direction.
Some projects are worth more points than others.
Some projects assume that the cause of prejudice is the same regardless of who is targeted.
Some projects become immediately topical.
Some projects begin with personal empowerment and then prepare individuals for civic participation.
Some projects being worked on include cemetery records.
Some projects call for different treatments in different areas of the same home.
Some projects call for short-term funding.
Some projects can be so unusual they are hard to categorize.
Some projects can become the core of community service work.
Some projects can relate to more than one committee.
Some projects choose inadvisable or just plain wrong tools.
Some projects choose to check in documentation for their website to ease maintanence of site.
Some projects conduct self-evaluations, using project staff to measure impact.
Some projects conducted in each style succeed, and some fail.
Some projects consist entirely of telephone research.
Some projects consolidate VA's activities and allow it to become more cost effective.
Some projects continue during the summer.
Some projects convert data and use as basic record for reporting to national bibliography.
Some projects correspond with classroom study.
Some projects create a custom rule to make a .o object file from the .pc .
Some projects create crystals in minutes, others take a few days.
Some projects culminate in senior honors papers.
Some projects deal with problems most areas face.
Some projects deal with the links to globalisation.
Some projects demand working weekends, holidays, or after hours to meet their deadlines.
Some projects depend on both.
Some projects deserve there own page, so there are only links here.
Some projects develop a product.
Some projects distribute telemetry data streams in raw, binary form.
Some projects do lend themselves to owner provided builder's risk.
Some projects emerge from courses students have taken.
Some projects establish a penalty with more bite.
Some projects even run exclusively on the Internet.
Some projects explore how the systems of bodies work.
Some projects fail while others succeed and grow.
Some projects fill up as early as the end of the spring semester of the previous academic year.
Some projects fit both categories.
Some projects focus especially on endothelium.
Some projects focus more on the development of geo-referenced information systems than others.
Some projects focus on dental phobia in particular.
Some projects focus on psychological aspects, caregiver research, or autopsy findings.
Some projects focus on technology and people with disabilities.
Some projects focus on the role and efficacy of paraprofessionals as a service provider.
Some projects generate significant benefits.
Some projects give students the opportunity to experience life in the countryside.
Some projects have a full-day child care centre on the premises.
Some projects have a manual for each division.
Some projects have additional in-country travel costs to reach the project site.
Some projects have aditional funding from other sources.
Some projects have an open policy concerning data exchange.
Some projects have Demos which are a sequence of screen snapshots.
Some projects have limits on the number of volunteers that can participate.
Some projects have modest review requirements.
Some projects have more than one level, such as, beginning, intermediate, and advanced.
Some projects have objectives that cover overlapping segments along the chain.
Some projects have only one advisor who is designated as the resident advisor.
Some projects have pages also in English.
Some projects have students collaborate online and produce a shared product.
Some projects have such great challenges that only one style is possible.
Some projects have their own web sites generated by their participants.
Some projects implement several approaches to accommodate family schedules.
Some projects includes repackaging products processed incorrectly in foreign countries.
Some projects including conservation or biking are more fun when done as a group.
Some projects involve a lot of class time and work while others are less extensive.
Some projects involve community studies.
Some projects involve data entry.
Some projects involve developing teaching modules from scratch.
Some projects involve having classes publish their work on a project web page.
Some projects involve intergovernmental agreements before implementation can proceed.
Some projects involve making educational books for out-patient waiting rooms.
Some projects involve minor disputes.
Some projects involve more than one system.
Some projects involve quick consultation on an hourly basis.
Some projects involve scoring test items in math, science, social studies, or other subject areas.
Some projects involve the organization of an international seminar or workshop.
Some projects involve urban planning and related activities.
Some projects involve work at national laboratories and observatories.
Some projects involve writing firmware for standalone computers.
Some projects just refuse to grow old.
Some projects just take forever to get going.
Some projects keep stock in the secretarial office, some have individuals order their own supplies.
Some projects lack adult leadership.
Some projects lend themselves to a an academic paper more than others.
Some projects lend themselves well to working models at the fair.
Some projects link two or more areas.
Some projects offer multiple sessions.
Some projects offer prizes or cash awards to encourage volunteers.
Some projects offer subjects minimal payment for their participation.
Some projects only take a few days, while others can take months to complete.
Some projects pay hourly, some pay per project, others are commission based.
Some projects pay off better than others, and even the good ones are tricky.
Some projects perform additional analysis or modeling on the data they collect.
Some projects prefer to work outside normal government structures.
Some projects produce fundamental knowledge that expands our understanding of our world.
Some projects provide food and lodging.
Some projects provide more benefit than others for the same cost.
Some projects provide new experiences for faculty and teachers alike.
Some projects provide new or renovated space for teaching and research.
Some projects provide some residential care, mostly linked to training.
Some projects provide videotaped seminars and study guides to be used at the learner's convenience.
Some projects receive seed money for up to five years.
Some projects relate specifically to our quality performance initiatives.
Some projects relate to fixing things and others are just interesting weekend projects.
Some projects require a qualified tradesperson.
Some projects require a subscription fee .
Some projects require a team of consultants, each specializing in one area.
Some projects require a variety of technical approaches to identify the traits or genes of interest.
Some projects require additional browser plug-ins.
Some projects require adult supervision.
Some projects require basic sewing and some require just gluing and painting.
Some projects require brain-storming and others require deductive, convergent thinking.
Some projects require consultation on special geotechnical issues.
Some projects require cutting skills.
Some projects require dedicated glassware, which is stored in a separate location.
Some projects require field trips.
Some projects require filler plant material other than herbs.
Some projects require help on weekends.
Some projects require increasing diversity through combinatorial chemistry.
Some projects require intensive monitoring and management, every step of the way.
Some projects require local or toll-free telephone research.
Some projects require months of work in advance.
Some projects require more documentation than others.
Some projects require more information than others.
Some projects require more than one person to carry out and, for such projects, group work is great.
Some projects require more time to develop, especially if there is little funding available.
Some projects require multiple reviews-especially if the product starts to change.
Some projects require only onetime costs.
Some projects require permits for tree preservation or grading, drainage, and erosion control.
Some projects require several days of field work and written reports or maps.
Some projects require students to buy their own materials and all projects have due dates.
Some projects require substantial amount of design time.
Some projects require teams to meet daily to coordinate and maintain attention to the assignment.
Some projects require the expertise of several different employees in a department.
Some projects require the use of gateways.
Some projects require thorough research, taking into account many internal and external factors.
Some projects require time spent outside of school as well.
Some projects require training programs which are credited toward the service requirement.
Some projects sound great as ideas, but prove to be almost impossible in practice.
Some projects sound too easy to be worthwhile.
Some projects stand out for their duration or magnitude.
Some projects start out doing all the right things, then get in trouble.
Some projects start out doing all the right things, then get into trouble.
Some projects start with readers, some with the books and some with the display materials.
Some projects strike a better interest with some students than others.
Some projects succeed with a single leader who takes responsibility for meeting objectives.
Some projects take as little as half an hour to complete.
Some projects take months to produce and others only hours.
Some projects take two days to complete, some two weeks.
Some projects target particularly disadvantaged groups.
Some projects target vulnerable populations such as the elderly and women.
Some projects try to have developers own specific classes.
Some projects use antique lace, green velvet, appliqued felt or denim.
Some projects use frames.
Some projects use multiple values in rend attributes.
Some Projects use the buttons above to navigate from page to page.
Some projects use the Web for communicating between partners and for testing out Web-based services.
Some projects use workshops, others focus on case management, and still more apply mentoring.
Some projects work better or look nicer with a larger thread, some with a smaller.
Projected color is additive.
Projected employment varies by specialty, however.
Projected exports are up for Canada, the United States and Australia.
Projected growth remains robust.
Projected growth varies by specialty.
Projected incomes are lowest in the northwest region.
Projected loads are useful for loading conditions such as wind and snow.
Projected materials needs.
Projected production refers to the current academic year as well.
Projected revenue is based on new legislation.
Projected revenue is based solely upon the domestic market.
Projected savings are then to be used to fund the energy saving upgrades.
Projected slides follow if schedules allow.
Projected slides provide sharp, bright images suitable for viewing by large or small audiences.
Projected space is included with all departments and entities.
Projected spending is shown in the attached three charts.
Projected surpluses are pie in the sky.
Projected surpluses are so big that a large tax cut is fiscally responsible.
Projected vacancies are extremely limited.
Projectile motion is a case of two-dimensional motion .
Projectile motion is always a parabola, because there is only a vertical force.
Projectile motion is an actual transfer of matter.
Projectile motion is applied today in jobs and other things too.
Projectile motion is simply free-fall with an initial horizontal velocity.
Projectile motion is the motion of an object that is projected into the air at an angle.
Projectile motion is translations.
Projectile points are important artifacts.
Projectile points are typically triangular unnotched and side notched.
Projectile points are usually bi-facial, a term which refers to two cutting edges.
Projectile vomiting can be a problem.
Projectile vomiting is common in thirty percent of users-sorry, fifty per cent.
Projectile weapons are virtually absent, replaced by disruptors.
Most projectile weapons have alternate fire.
A projectile is a weapon
Projectile isa weapon.
Projectiles are always immediate.
Projectiles are limited.
Projectiles are located in air.
Projectiles are located in baseball.
Projectiles are located in battles.
Projectiles are located in canons.
Projectiles are located in guns.
Projectiles are located in tornado.
Projectiles are located in weapons.
Projectiles are objects.
Projectiles are thrown by a trebuchet making use of gravitational potential energy.
Projectiles are used for catchings.
Projectiles are used for games.
Projectiles are used for hits.
Projectiles are used for killing.
Projectiles are used for launching.
Projectiles are used for rapid movement.
Projectiles are used for shooting.
Projectiles are used for shoots.
Projectiles are used for strikes.
Projectiles are used for throwings.
Projectiles are weapons.
Projectiles Construct a projectile using a straw, etc.
Projectiles follow parabolic paths.
Projectiles follow parabolic trajectories.
Projectiles have (part) sections.
Projectiles have forces.
Projectiles Here is a list of projectiles.
Projectiles pass with deadly accuracy up above and the masses gather to express fanatical love.
All projectiles have one thing in common, lead, and that is where the process begins.
Every projectile has to be recreated on a map with regard to a specific location.
More Projectiles Learn about the momentum of a football block.
Most projectiles approach rather slowly, just as most of the enemies are slow to attack.
Most projectiles have forces.
Some projectiles pump paralyze toxins.
Projectings are renditions.
Projection booths are a special design problem.
Projection booths can be noisy.
Projection effects make verifying the isolation of an elliptical galaxy extremely difficult.
Projection methods are useful as a complement to interpreting results based on other methods.
Projection pursuit is a technique for exploratory data analysis with emphasis on visualization.
Projection radiography uses the divergence of the beam from a small source.
Projection radiography uses the divergence of the beam from a very small source.
A projection screen is a surface
Projection screens are difficult to hang in churches with cathedral ceilings.
Projection TV is primarily for sports and movie fans with fairly deep pockets.
Projection TVs account for only a small percentage of total TV sales.
Some projection TVs have the ability to display digital images.
A projection is anticipation
Projection affects panel performance, rigidity, and shadow line .
Projection also makes navigation through the text very easy to handle.
Projection also provides a control panel on the whiteboard for keyboard and mouse emulation.
Projection can take on a more serious and potentially life-threatening form, known as transference.
Projection causes distortion of true shape, area or orientation of mapped features.
Projection comes in part from supporting the voice with breathing from the diaphragm.
Projection Compared to rotation and translation, projection is easy.
Projection ensures that the victim dance continues.
Projection involves seeing what one wants to see - essentially filling in the gaps with fantasy.
Projection involves two steps.
Projection is a common ego defense.
Projection is a fact of the psyche.
Projection is a fundamental component of mapmaking.
Projection is a popular method for Cartographers to create maps of the world from a globe.
Projection is a prominent defense.
Projection is a strong web, however.
Projection is a style of slipping back into the past because of unresolved childhood issues.
Projection is a theatrical art that is indispensable in the field.
Projection is always some form of attack.
Projection is an externalization of wishes that leads to a distortion of reality.
Projection is an ugly thing.
Projection is available for the screen of either of the instructor's workstations.
Projection is available for the screen of the instructor's workstation.
Projection is basically an interpretive function.
Projection is defined as the distance the cup extends from the rib cage.
Projection is done via overhead projector and LCD panel.
Projection is excellent all the way throughout the fretboard range.
Projection is excellent.
Projection is locally weak perspective.
Projection is one of the best defense mechanisms fearful people use.
Projection is one reason why the tarot cards are valuable.
Projection is onto the initial orbital plane.
Projection is performed onto the bilinear surface defined by the collection of panel networks.
Projection is practiced against people who have personal traits that they consider undesirable.
Projection is related to paranoia and anger.
Projection is strong and the tone color is full and flexible.
Projection is the attribution of one's undesired impulses onto another.
Projection is the great determiner of perception.
Projection is the psychological domain of a projection.
Projection is the same as above.
Projection is very important.
Projection isa prediction.
Projection makes perception, and the mind perceives what it believes.
Projection provides an outlet for projecting one's tensions and frustrations onto other people.
Projection refers to custom creation of the requested image from multiple pre-existing images.
Projection selects columns, selection selects rows, and join brings together data in related tables.
Projection specifies a subset of columns in a table by listing the attributes.
Projection thus produces a much larger image.
Projection thus proves to be a compensatory mechanism that adjusts for an inner lack.
Projections a. Increase the number of enrollees who obtained a job.
Projections abound, discounted cash flow valuations, balance sheets and income statements.
Projections also detail casualty statistics from the various battles.
Projections also differ on the mix of subscription and advertising revenues.
Projections appear mirrored or holographic, while reconstructions appear non-mirrored.
Projections appear to be on course.
Projections are a summation of market forces, technology, and regulatory factors.
Projections are always risky.
Projections are always wrong, and usually high.
Projections are automatically regularly updated or when a significant weather change occurs.
Projections are defense mechanisms.
Projections are deformed portions, of a sheet material, i.e., corrugations, etc.
Projections are different, because they look to the future.
Projections are efficient, fast, impressive-looking and profitable.
Projections are either conformal and equivalent, never both.
Projections are estimates of the population for future dates.
Projections are for a million pound crop by the end of the decade.
Projections are for continued growth and expansion of the turf industry.
Projections are for continued rapid growth.
Projections are for less dry kidney beans to be planted.
Projections are for prices to begin rising as the cattle cycle turns to more profitable times.
Projections are for sales to continue their meteoric rise.
Projections are for that number to increase over the next five years.
Projections are for the United States only.
Projections are for things to get worse.
Projections are for year-end and next year in bold italics.
Projections are imagery.
Projections are important for many other reasons as well.
Projections are in terms of constant dollars an represent real growth.
Projections are in terms of constant dollars and represent real growth.
Projections are in terms of real dollars and represent real growth.
Projections are interesting.
Projections are just that, and all projections are error prone.
Projections are just that.
Projections are low, so nothing to worry about.
Projections are only as reliable as the assumptions upon which they are based.
Projections are predictions.
Projections are representations.
Projections are shown in italic font.
Projections are structures.
Projections are to the pituitary stalk.
Projections are to the putamen and caudate.
Projections are tricky.
Projections are uncertain and can vary under a range of assumptions.
Projections are up for the season.
Projections are usually semi-spherical or blunt conical type.
Projections are visual communication.
Projections based on current and historical actual enrollments are the most reliable.
Projections call for a major shift to e-commerce within the next few years.
Projections call for continued growth in enrollment.
Projections call for good weather over the next few days.
Projections call for that shift to continue.
Projections call for up to a foot of water above last week's high.
Projections change the world into one's unknown face.
Projections come with caveats.
Projections count improvements from nodal development, yet there's no funding for that either.
Projections create an ocean of delight.
Projections depend on factors.
Projections depend on many factors.
Projections determine how the latitude and longitude grid of the Earth is represented on flat paper.
Projections differ substantially from model to model.
Projections estimate half a million or more visitors each year when the museum is completed.
Projections indicate amazing stability in the age and racial make-up of Spokane's neighborhoods.
Projections indicate costs three times that in twenty years.
Projections indicate future shortages of nuclear engineers.
Projections indicate increasing economic growth and larger sales, both domestically and abroad.
Projections indicate that congestion continues to accelerate and the region continues to grow.
Projections influence our perception a great deal.
Projections introduce no error, except for the warping that occurs with any projection .
Projections is a skills-based staff scheduling system.
Projections look strong enough in every area to justify our positions.
Projections point to a full project payback within three to four years after full implementation.
Projections provide population by race for future dates.
Projections range from small numbers to many millions.
Projections reflect components.
Projections serve a very important purpose.
Projections show an increase in the number of classes.
Projections show California's teen population growing by a third over the next ten years.
Projections show two to five more wineries opening in Indiana within the next five years.
Projections show variability.
Projections stretch a map in some directions, shorten it in other directions.
Projections suggest an upward trend in popcorn production over the next five years.
Projections suggest changes in the frequency and intensity of some extreme weather events.
Projections support further increases in coming years.
Projections updates National employment projections are developed every other year.
Projections updates National occupational projections are developed every other year.
All projection is digital amnesia.
All projections are tentative, and become more tentative the farther into the future.
All projections are wrong, but the question is by how much.
All projections call for exponential growth for the next few years.
All projections call for the population growth to continue for the next twenty years.
All projections cause some geometric distortions to the objects that are being projected.
All projections introduce some distortion into the Cartesian results.
All projections possess desirable but mutually exclusive attributes.
All projections preserve straight lines.
Every projection shows pretty substantial food-crop loss across Africa and Asia.
Every projection shows that surplus continuing to grow.
Many projections are both national and by state.
Many projections require the calculation of sine and cosine of some angle.
Most projection have a reset.
Most projections begin by estimating future sales.
Most projections depend on factors.
Most projections depend on many factors.
Most projections get it profoundly wrong, especially where there are vested interests at stake.
Most projections reflect components.
Most projections show variability.
Some projections are provided by members.
Some projections help food.
Some projections indicate cost.
Some projections indicate low cost.
Some projections only preserve correct distance relationships along a few places on the map.
Some projections predict temperature.
Some projections preserve both distances and directions from a single given point.
Some projections preserve shape and direction while distorting area.
Some projections require other projections to be defined first.
Some projections use strategies.
Projectionist positions are open to technicians as well as students.
Projectionist service is available.
A projectionist is a skilled worker
Projectionists are located in movies.
Projectionists are people.
Projectionists are responsible for the projection of the movie.
Projectionists are skilled workers.
Projectionists are workers.
Projectionists can cue up the tape without the projector being on, using the built-in LCD screen.
Projectionists operate film and slide projection equipment.
Projectionists rewind film for other showings.
Projective energy is protective.
Projective geometry exists in any number of dimensions, just like Euclidean geometry.
Projective geometry is all geometry.
Projective geometry is geometry
Projective geometry is geometry.
Projective geometry regards parallel lines as meeting in an ideal point at infinity.
All projective properties are a fortiori affine properties.
A projective technique is a personality test
Projective techniques can play an important role in motivational research.
A projective test is a personality test
Projective tests attempt to uncover deeply hidden or unconscious wishes, thoughts, and needs.
Projective tests can be helpful to elucidate emotional themes.
Projective transformations preserve neither lengths, nor ratios of lengths.
Projective verse allows for both within a single form.
Projective verse is certainly the most difficult way to write.
ProjectLEAD software is a decision making toolkit for project managers.
A projector is an optical instrument
Projector advertises flicker free slow motion.
Projector assumes the file is in the currently mounted project.
Projector can be a solution.
Projector emits a calibrated beam of light to the receiver.
Projector Has the sure is tightly.
Projector includes a serial connection for mouse control of presentation.
Projector is in standby mode.
Projector is located in the lighting booth.
Projector is pinned and registered to pedestal to permit quick changeover of complete mechanism.
Projector is shared between theatres with availability subject to prior reservation.
Projector manages sets of source code files known as projects.
Projector only is usually the safest.
Projector runs cooler and pixel structure remains cool for stable image display.
Projector stops when a notch in the film trips a relay.
Projectors are a dime a dozen, but the possibilities are huge.
Projectors are a possibility as well.
Projectors are here and there is one stored in each wing.
Projectors are located in conferences.
Projectors are located in meetings.
Projectors are located in movies.
Projectors are located in theatres.
Projectors are more wide-spread.
Projectors are one of the fastest-growing hardware segments in the PC industry.
Projectors are one of the fastest-growing hardware segments in the personal computer industry.
Projectors are optical devices.
Projectors are optical instruments.
Projectors are parallel.
Projectors are readily available at schools or office supply and craft stores.
Projectors are self-executable objects.
Projectors are simply a different type of display.
Projectors are slightly more tricky.
Projectors come in all sizes and shapes for different jobs.
Projectors have auto focus and can be set to change continuously at pre-determined rates.
Projectors require dark rooms to produce vibrant images.
Projectors tend to offer something for just about every business presentation or meeting.
Projectors turn on by advancing to first slide.
All projectors are bright enough to display a good quality picture in a well lit room.
All projectors come with manufacturer's warranty.
All projectors feature zoom lens and remote control capability.
Every projector has some light source.
Every projector is backed by manufacturer's warranties.
Many projectors have an emergency backup bulb.
Many projectors now have provision for automation of the entire program.
Many projectors support higher resolutions through compression, but result in loss of image data.
Most projector have a reset.
Most projectors allow the user to attach a monitor to the unit.
Most projectors allow their remote control to adjust volume.
Most projectors are bulky and noisy.
Most projectors can manage a wide range of refresh rates.
Most projectors have a reset.
Most projectors have more than one.
Most projectors only have a VGA port.
Some projectors are more portable than others.
Some projectors can go at two frames per second or four frames.
Some projectors have a built-in tuner.
Some projectors have a capstan rather than a sprocket drive, which is easier on film.
Some projectors have infinitely variable projector speeds others have a few pre-set speeds.
Some projectors offer dual lumen settings to accommodate various brightness levels.
Projects scope ranges from regional planning to community planning to site programming.
Projects teams act as independent units, including the decision on spending of budget and income.
A prokaryote is an organism
Prokaryote includes bacteria and blue green algae.
Prokaryote is a simple cell without a nucleus or other membrane-bound organelles.
Prokaryote isa organism.
Prokaryotes a. have DNA regions.
Prokaryotes also have simpler stages of growth and development.
Prokaryotes also lack other membrane-bound internal structures.
Prokaryotes appear to be much simpler, are devoid of most organelles except for ribosomes.
Prokaryotes appear to have existed before the eukaryotes.
Prokaryotes appear to have fewer fundamental barriers to horizontal gene transfer.
Prokaryotes are able to reproduce themselves with very high fidelity.
Prokaryotes are almost always unicellular.
Prokaryotes are amazingly diverse, but they are all single-cell organisms.
Prokaryotes are asexual.
Prokaryotes are at the foundation of life in both the ecological sense and the evolutionary sense.
Prokaryotes are bacteria and cyanobacteria.
Prokaryotes are cell that make up simpler organisms.
Prokaryotes are cells that have a nucleus.
Prokaryotes are cells that lack a nucleus and they are usually free living.
Prokaryotes are cells without a cell nucleus and other membrane-bound organelles.
Prokaryotes are cells without a nucleus.
Prokaryotes are cellular organisms lacking true nuccleus and nuclear membrane.
Prokaryotes are divided into two broad categories of life called domains.
Prokaryotes are either bacteria or archaea, most of which are the smallest of all organisms.
Prokaryotes are essential in maintaining every aspect of the ecological balance of the living world.
Prokaryotes are generally smaller than eukaryotes.
Prokaryotes are important to humans and to the Earth because.
Prokaryotes are indispensable links in the recycling of chemical elements in ecosystems.
Prokaryotes are metabolically diverse organisms.
Prokaryotes are much simpler in structure than eukaryotes.
Prokaryotes are much simpler in their organization than are eukaryotes.
Prokaryotes are one-celled and often live in clusters or colonies .
Prokaryotes are organisms whose cells lack a membrane-bound nucleus and organelles.
Prokaryotes are organisms whose cells lack a nucleus.
Prokaryotes are organisms with cells that have no nucleus or membrane-enclosed organelles.
Prokaryotes are organisms with simple cell organelles, like bacteria.
Prokaryotes are organisms.
Prokaryotes are present everywhere.
Prokaryotes are simpler, but larger than eukaryotes.
Prokaryotes are single-cell organisms.
Prokaryotes are small.
Prokaryotes are smaller and simpler than eukaryotes.
Prokaryotes are smaller and simpler than eukaryotic cells.
Prokaryotes are still capable of performing many of the same types of functions as eukaryotes.
Prokaryotes are the more basic of the two kinds of cells.
Prokaryotes are the most common forms of life on earth.
Prokaryotes are the most metabolically diverse organisms on Earth.
Prokaryotes are the simplest living organism.
Prokaryotes are the simplest of simple organisms.
Prokaryotes are the simplist and most abundant organisms on earth.
Prokaryotes are the smallest cells.
Prokaryotes are the smallest forms of life that can live independently.
Prokaryotes are the smallest organisms but they have all of the characteristics of life.
Prokaryotes are thought as one of the simplest forms of creatures on the earth today.
Prokaryotes are unicellular .
Prokaryotes are unicellular organisms that lack a membrane bound nucleus.
Prokaryotes are unicellular.
Prokaryotes are usually microscopic and bacteria is an example of a prokaryote.
Prokaryotes are usually much smaller than eukaryotic cells.
Prokaryotes are usually small in size, therefore, have a large surface area to volume ratio.
Prokaryotes are very simple cells.
Prokaryotes are very small cells that have no membrane around their nucleus nor any organelles .
Prokaryotes are wherever there is life.
Prokaryotes can be autotrophs or heterotrophs.
Prokaryotes can certainly top that.
Prokaryotes can undergo BOTH aerobic and anaerobic respiration.
Prokaryotes contain much less DNA than eukaryotes and have circular chromosomes.
Prokaryotes contain only one type of RNA polymerase.
Prokaryotes have (part) cell membranes.
Prokaryotes have (part) cells.
Prokaryotes have (part) corpi.
Prokaryotes have (part) cytoplasm.
Prokaryotes have (part) nuclei.
Prokaryotes have (part) plasma membranes.
Prokaryotes have (part) sections.
Prokaryotes have (part) vacuoles.
Prokaryotes have a cell membrane that contains phospholipids.
Prokaryotes have a cell wall made up of peptidoglycan.
Prokaryotes have a cellular organization fundamentally different from that of eukaryotes.
Prokaryotes have a large array of abilities.
Prokaryotes have a outside their plasma membrane, usually to give strength and rigidity to the cell.
Prokaryotes have a prokaryotic cytoskeleton , albeit more primitive than that of the eukaryotes.
Prokaryotes have a single, circular chromosome whereas eukaryotes have multiple chromosomes.
Prokaryotes have a single, simple circular double helical DNA molecule to store genetic information.
Prokaryotes have an area roughly similar to a nucleus known as the nucleoid.
Prokaryotes have an outer plasma membrane and some also have a cell wall.
Prokaryotes have cell membranes.
Prokaryotes have fewer organelles.
Prokaryotes have flagella.
Prokaryotes have many unique metabolic capabilities.
Prokaryotes have membranes.
Prokaryotes have more sex than was previously realized and they do form species.
Prokaryotes have much greater flexibility and can eke out an existence with more marginal sources.
Prokaryotes have no chromosomes.
Prokaryotes have no membrane-bound organelles, thus bacteria are prokaryotic organisms.
Prokaryotes have no nucleus, having a nuclear body instead.
Prokaryotes have no nucleus.
Prokaryotes have no true nuclei or internal compartmentalization.
Prokaryotes have no true nuclei.
Prokaryotes have only one type of cell division - fission.
Prokaryotes have plasma membranes.
Prokaryotes have rigid cell walls formed from protein like chains and sugars.
Prokaryotes have smaller, simpler genomes than eukaryotes.
Prokaryotes have the potential to reproduce quickly in a favorable environment.
Prokaryotes have various sizes and shapes.
Prokaryotes incude both bacteria and archaea.
Prokaryotes just have a simple, circular DNA, with fewer proteins attached.
Prokaryotes lack cellular organelles.
Prokaryotes lack internal membrane bound compartments.
Prokaryotes lack introns, whereas eukaryotes contain introns.
Prokaryotes lack mitochondria and chloroplasts .
Prokaryotes lack most of the structures found in eukaryotes, including any membrane-bound organelle.
Prokaryotes lack nuclei and membrane-enclosed organelles.
Prokaryotes lack the ability to perform such modifications.
Prokaryotes live in habitats.
Prokaryotes live in nearly all environments on Earth.
Prokaryotes make endospores, extremely durable cells that protect it from cold heat and desiccation.
Prokaryotes mean they have no nucleus in which they store genetic material.
Prokaryotes move by means of long, hair like structures called flagella.
Prokaryotes multiply by simple cell division, forming clones or exact copies of themselves.
Prokaryotes never have cytoskeletons.
Prokaryotes open a single replication bubble, while eukaryotes have multiple bubbles.
Prokaryotes play an important role in genetic engineering.
Prokaryotes provide several analogous examples.
Prokaryotes reproduce asexually and include the bacteria and blue-green algae.
Prokaryotes reproduce asexually by a kind of cell division called binary fission.
Prokaryotes reproduce asexually via binary fission, synthesizing DNA almost continuously.
Prokaryotes reproduce by division, and so all the descendents of a cell are identical.
Prokaryotes reproduce in a process called binary fission.
Prokaryotes reproduce through a cell division process called binary fission.
Prokaryotes reproduce through binary fission, a type of reproduction.
Prokaryotes serve as vital links at several points in the cycle.
Prokaryotes show a wide variety of metabolic processes.
Prokaryotes tend to maintain their cell wall shape.
Prokaryotes typically divide by meiosis.
Prokaryotes typically have a single chromosome consisting of a circular DNA molecule.
Prokaryotes typically have a single chromosome.
Prokaryotes use binary fission or conjugation to reproduce asexually.
Prokaryotes use transcriptional and translational-level control.
Prokaryotes utilise two-component regulatory systems in the detection of environmental signals.
Prokaryotes often live in rapidly changing environments.
All prokaryotes are unicellular organisms.
All prokaryotes can reproduce in the absence of any sex act.
Many prokaryotes are motile.
Many prokaryotes are symbiotic.
Many prokaryotes have long, whiplike appendages called flagella which aid in motility.
Many prokaryotes have pili.
Many prokaryotes play vital roles in global nutrient cycles.
Most prokaryotes are bacteria and bacteria can do amazing things.
Most prokaryotes are bacteria but the group includes both the bacteria and the archaea.
Most prokaryotes are tiny single cells, but some can form larger, multi-celled structures.
Most prokaryotes are unicellular throughout their cell cycle.
Most prokaryotes are unicellular.
Most prokaryotes can reproduce at a phenomenal rate if conditions are favorable.
Most prokaryotes have a cell wall lying outside the plasma membrane.
Most prokaryotes have a cell wall, though there are a few exceptions.
Most prokaryotes have a circular chromosome with a single replication origin.
Most prokaryotes have cell membranes.
Most prokaryotes have flagella.
Most prokaryotes have membranes.
Most prokaryotes have plasma membranes.
Most prokaryotes live in habitats.
Most prokaryotes reproduce asexually through binary fission.
Most prokaryotes reproduce rapidly.
Most prokaryotes reproduce through binary fission.
Some prokaryotes also carry smaller circles of DNA called plasmids.
Some prokaryotes become guests.
Some prokaryotes contain chlorophyll.
Some prokaryotes diversify into using oxygen to metabolise organic molecules.
Some prokaryotes do have internal compartments.
Some prokaryotes have a much more complex structure than others.
Some prokaryotes have cell structures.
Some prokaryotes have cell walls.
Some prokaryotes have extra layers.
Some prokaryotes have layers.
Some prokaryotes have structures.
Some prokaryotes have walls.
Some prokaryotes play crucial roles.
Some prokaryotes play roles.
Some prokaryotes play vital roles.
Some prokaryotes produce methane.
Some prokaryotes propel themselves by means of whip-like filaments called flagella.
Some prokaryotes require water.
Some prokaryotes thrive in environments that are inhospitable for most other living things.
Most Prokaryotic adaptations revolve around metabolic capacities as opposed to phenotypic changes.
Prokaryotic cells are bacteria and eukaryotic cells make up all other organisms.
Prokaryotic cells are enclosed by a protective cell wall.
Prokaryotic cells are far simpler and smaller than eukaryotic cells.
Prokaryotic cells are found in single-celled organisms, such as bacteria.
Prokaryotic cells are quite different from eukaryotes.
Prokaryotic cells are relatively simple.
Prokaryotic cells are represent the most primitive life forms on earth.
Prokaryotic cells are simpler than eukaryotic cells and have no membrane-bound organelles.
Prokaryotic cells are smaller and simpler.
Prokaryotic cells are smaller than eukaryotic cells.
Prokaryotic cells are smaller, and lack a nucleus and most eukaryote organelles.
Prokaryotic cells are structurally much simpler than eukaryotic cells.
Prokaryotic cells are the simplest systems that exhibit all of the signs of life.
Prokaryotic cells are typically much smaller than eukaryotic cells.
Prokaryotic cells are unicellular.
Prokaryotic cells are usually much smaller than Eukaryotic and are less complex.
Prokaryotic cells are usually much smaller than eukaryotic cells.
Prokaryotic cells can have multiple plasma membranes.
Prokaryotic cells can reproduce asexually only through binary fission.
Prokaryotic cells can reproduce either sexually and asexually.
Prokaryotic cells contain a single compartment enclosed within the cell membrane.
Prokaryotic cells divide by binary fission.
Prokaryotic cells divide via binary fission.
Prokaryotic cells have a less complex internal structure than eukaryotic cells.
Prokaryotic cells have a nucleus.
Prokaryotic cells have a rigid, triple layer cell wall structure.
Prokaryotic cells have a single circular DNA chromosome.
Prokaryotic cells have cytoplasm.
Prokaryotic cells have many more genes than a Eukaryotic cell.
Prokaryotic cells have no internal membranes or cytoskeleton.
Prokaryotic cells have no nuclei, unlike Eukaryotic cells.
Prokaryotic cells have no nucleus.
Prokaryotic cells have no separate compartment for the genetic material.
Prokaryotic cells have no true nucleus while eukaryotic cells have a true nucleus.
Prokaryotic cells Lack a nuclear envelope, cytoskeleton, cytoplasmic organelles.
Prokaryotic cells lack a nucleus and other membrane-bound organelles.
Prokaryotic cells lack a nucleus and other organelles.
Prokaryotic cells lack the complex compartmentalization found in eukaryotic cells.
Prokaryotic cells reproduce by a process called a. mitosis.
Prokaryotic cells reproduce by a process that is called binary fission.
Prokaryotic cells reproduce by binary fission .
Prokaryotic cells reproduce commonly through binary fission .
Prokaryotic cells reproduce using binary fission , where the cell simply splits in half .
Prokaryotic cells reproduce using binary fission, where the cell simply splits in half.
Prokaryotic cells reproduce via binary fission.
Prokaryotic cells store chromosomal DNA inside their nuclei.
Prokaryotic cells tend to be small in size.
Most prokaryotic cells have additional structures.
Most prokaryotic cells replicate by a process called binary fission .
Prokaryotic flagella differ structurally from their eukaryotic counterparts.
Prokaryotic flagella spin like propellers, whereas eukaryotic flagella move with a whiplike motion.
Prokaryotic flagella are very different from similar looking structures used by eukaryotic cells.
Prokaryotic genes are genes.
Prokaryotic genes are on a threadlike chromosome that divide only by mitosis.
Prokaryotic genes are on one circular chromosome that is replicated and then separated.
Prokaryotic genes can be inducible or repressible.
Prokaryotic genes have different promoter sequences than eukaryotic genes.
Many prokaryotic messages are polycistronic and intron-less.
Prokaryotic organisms are usually unicellular, but a few form simple colonies.
Prokaryotic organisms differ from eukaryotic organisms in complexity and structure.
Prokaryotic organisms lack a nucleus.
Prokaryotic organisms reproduce through binary fission.
Most prokaryotic organisms are single-celled, such as bacteria and algae.
Prokaryotic ribosomes are different from eukaryotic ribosomes .
Prokaryotic ribosomes are different from eukaryotic ribosomes.
Prokaryotic ribosomes are smaller.
Prokaryotic sequences predominate.
Prokaryotic types have a different structure.
Prokarytic cells reproduce by dividing equally by fission, or unequally by budding.
Prolactin metabolism is delayed in renal failure, and there is also increased production.
Prolactin activates breast tissue.
Prolactin acts on the breasts in female mammals to stimulate milk production .
Prolactin acts on the human breast to produce milk.
Prolactin affects the menstrual cycle and milk production.
Prolactin causes mammary growth in combination with other hormones.
Prolactin causes more milk to be produced, and also causes a wonderful feeling of well-being.
Prolactin causes the mammary glands to produce milk after childbirth.
Prolactin comes first.
Prolactin controls mammary gland development via direct and indirect mechanisms.
Prolactin exists in three heterogenic forms which possess varying biological activity.
Prolactin is a hormone also known as luteotropic hormone.
Prolactin is a hormone associated with the production of breast milk.
Prolactin is a hormone commonly over-produced by the pituitary gland.
Prolactin is a hormone produced by the anterior pituitary.
Prolactin is a hormone produced by the pituitary gland in the brain.
Prolactin is a hormone secreted by the brain.
Prolactin is a hormone that induces lactation or milk formation.
Prolactin is a hormone that is instrumental in emotional tear production.
Prolactin is a hormone that is integrally involved in mammary gland development and lactation.
Prolactin is a hormone that stimulates milk production by the breast.
Prolactin is a hormone that stimulates milk production.
Prolactin is a hormone that stimulates the breasts to produce milk in pregnant women.
Prolactin is a hormone
Prolactin is a pituitary hormone that causes breast milk production, or lacation, in mammals.
Prolactin is a protein hormone secreted from the anterior pituitary gland.
Prolactin is a stress hormone that is released episodically throughout the day.
Prolactin is also important in inhibiting ovulation.
Prolactin is an agent
Prolactin is an important regulator of mammary gland differentiation and growth.
Prolactin is another hormone made in the pituitary gland.
Prolactin is capable of both trophic and lytic actions in rat corpora lutea.
Prolactin is essential to the final stages of pregnancy and birth.
Prolactin is gonadotropin.
Prolactin is inhibited, the oestrogen levels rise and fertile cycles return much sooner.
Prolactin is involved in the development of the mammary gland and initiation of milk secretion.
Prolactin is known to cause spasms and muscle contractions in humans.
Prolactin is made by the pituitary gland and stimulates milk production.
Prolactin is measured if testosterone is low or if there is loss of libido.
Prolactin is necessary for the start of lactation.
Prolactin is peptide hormones.
Prolactin is present in each member of the pack, male and female.
Prolactin is produced in the stress response of both rats and humans.
Prolactin is proteins.
Prolactin is responsible for regulating milk production while insulin regulates blood sugar levels.
Prolactin is secreted into milk at levels representative of the average circulating concentration.
Prolactin is secreted near the end of pregnancy and prepares the breasts for milk production. .
Prolactin is the hormone most frequently produced in excess by pituitary tumors.
Prolactin is the hormone responsible for the production of breast milk.
Prolactin is the hormone that controls milk production.
Prolactin is the hormone that helps synthesize milk.
Prolactin is the hormone that makes milk.
Prolactin is the hormone that produces milk.
Prolactin is the hormone that stimulates milk production by the breasts.
Prolactin is the hormone that stimulates milk production.
Prolactin is the hormone that stimulates the cells in the mother's breast to produce milk.
Prolactin is the hormone that triggers milk production in pregnant women.
Prolactin is the hormone which promotes milk production.
Prolactin is the hormone which stimulates milk production.
Prolactin is the hormone which stimulates the cells in the mother's breast to produce milk.
Prolactin is the milk-making hormone.
Prolactin is the only pituitary hormone to be under tonic inhibitory control.
Prolactin is the pituitary hormone which causes broodiness.
Prolactin isa entity.
Prolactin isa hormone.
Prolactin matures the alveolar cells to a functional condition.
Prolactin plays a major role in mam-mary gland secretion and the maintenance of lactation.
Prolactin promotes secretion.
Prolactin regulates development.
Prolactin relaxes the mother and stimulates the alveoli to produce more milk.
Prolactin seems to be the primary hormonal regulator of lactogenesis and lactation in marsupials.
Prolactin stimulates additional milk production.
Prolactin stimulates glands.
Prolactin stimulates mammary glands.
Prolactin stimulates milk production.
Prolactin stimulates mitosis of cells in the breast.
Prolactin stimulates production.
Prolactin stimulates the breast to produce milk during pregnancy.
Prolactin stimulates the breasts to produce milk.
Prolactin stimulates the production of milk in females.
Prolactin tells the breasts it is time to begin producing large amounts of milk.
Most prolactin promotes secretion.
Most prolactin regulates development.
Most prolactin stimulates mammary glands.
Some prolactin has expression.
Some prolactin poses problems.
Some prolactin promotes development.
Some prolactin suppresses ovulation.
Prolapse replacement is simple to achieve, but many animals recover spontaneously.
Prolapse is disability
Prolapse is disability.
Prolapse is illnesses.
Prolapse occurs in people with rare inherited diseases of connective tissue.
Prolapse occurs when the intestines, bladder, rectum, or the uterus protrude into the vagina.
Prolapse refers to the extrusion of a mass through the vagina.
Prolapses are a reason to consider culling.
Prolapses often recur in subsequent pregnancies.
Most prolapses reduce spontaneously.
Prolapsed colon can place pressure on the lower back.
ProLaunch members receive their own free web-based email account.
Proletarian decision is necessary here.
Proletarian justice belongs to the workers alone.
Proletarian revolution is the planet's last hope.
Proletarian socialism is based on machine technique and the social labour of the working class.
Proletarian solidarity is dangerous to officers and orders.
Proliferation can make the consequences of regional rivalries far more severe.
Proliferation creates competition and competition creates choice.
Proliferation has to be checked at both ends.
Proliferation is a different matter.
Proliferation is a global problem, requiting multilateral solutions.
Proliferation is a good place to begin dissecting the moms' logic.
Proliferation is a new priority but an old issue.
Proliferation is another concern.
Proliferation is deterrence.
Proliferation is growth
Proliferation is growth.
Proliferation is increases.
Proliferation is necessary for the development of cytolytic activity.
Proliferation is one of our major global concerns.
Proliferation is possible from root stolons, tubers and similar structures.
Proliferation is related to catastrophic terrorism, infrastructure protection, and espionage.
Proliferation is the production of new cells.
Proliferation is unstoppable.
Proliferation makes diversion into the hands of terrorists likely.
Proliferation results in the formation of small masses.
Proliferation risks conflict.
Proliferation tends to outrun subsistence.
Proliferation threatens U.S. national security interests.
Proliferative activity is an important prognostic factor in primary breast cancer.
Proliferative changes are active lesions, and potentially can be reversed.
Proliferative disease is characterized by abnormal numbers of glandular breast cells.
Proliferative retinopathy begins when areas of the retina no longer receive sufficient blood supply.
Proliferative retinopathy is the most serious type of diabetic retinal disease.
Prolific fact drives each day forward to emergence and ever more uncertain births.
Prolific plantings surround each cluster in lush privacy.
Prolific scorer has Dallas thinking Cup.
Proline is amino acid
Proline isa compound.
Proline tends to terminate -helices.
Prolines are inserted before and after the binding domain to provide flexibility of the domains.
Prolines often serve to delineate the amino terminal end of a helix.
Prolixity is the greatest barrier between author and reader.
Prolixity is verbosity
Some prolong deficiencies require amino acid intake.
Some prolong deficiencies require intake.
Prolong drought conditions can have impact.
Prolong drought affects crops.
Prolong drought cans have impact.
Prolong drought cans have serious impact.
Most prolong drought affects crops.
Prolong exposure causes irritation.
Prolong exposure causes skin irritation.
Most prolong exposure causes irritation.
Most prolong exposure causes skin irritation.
Some prolong exposure promotes germination.
Prolong heavy rain causes landslide.
Prolong rain causes landslide.
A prolongation is continuation
Prolongations have audible sound, as opposed to blocks, which are usually inaudible.
Prolonged absences are as bad for the employee as they are for the employer.
Prolonged adaption can create a state of hyper-vigilance as the brain goes on protective alertness.
Prolonged administration can cause severe damage to the bones, soft tissues, and kidneys.
Prolonged administration leads to immune-system overstimulation and eventual suppression.
Prolonged anemia can result in death.
Prolonged anticoagulation is mandatory in such patients.
Prolonged anxiety can lead to stress .
Prolonged appeals run counter to that policy.
Prolonged artillery is excepted.
Prolonged baths are useful for treating fish in small tanks that can be flushed quickly.
Prolonged baths are useful for treating fish in small tanks that can be rapidly flushed.
Prolonged baths prepared with the infused flowers are also good in hysteria.
Prolonged battles demand immediate separation of warring parties, or loss of at least one.
Prolonged bottle feeding and iron deficiency in toddlers due to exclusive cow milk diets is common.
Prolonged breathing can cause suffocation.
Prolonged chewing can get stomach all excited and prepared for food when really none is forthcoming.
Prolonged colics can run into the hundreds of dollars.
Prolonged construction slow down in the region.
Prolonged contact can blister and burn the skin.
Prolonged contact can cause a skin rash.
Prolonged contact can cause burns.
Prolonged contact can cause drying and cracking of the skin, and a rash.
Prolonged contact can cause drying and cracking of the skin.
Prolonged contact can cause injury.
Prolonged contact can cause reddining, swelling, rash, scaling or blistering.
Prolonged contact can cause redness, swelling and cracking of skin.
Prolonged contact can cause severe irritation or burns and damage to the eyes.
Prolonged contact can cause skin irritation.
Prolonged contact can lead to absorption through the skin and more intense irritation.
Prolonged contact can result in skin absorption.
Prolonged contact causes common solvent defatting effect.
Prolonged deficiency can cause changes in heart and skeletal muscle.
Prolonged deflation has a negative impact on economic output and employment.
Prolonged denial can also lead to other psychological problems in adjusting if cancer is confirmed.
Prolonged depression can cause many further complications if left uncorrected.
Prolonged depression is a very frequent consequence of a cancer diagnosis.
Prolonged desiccation can result in death of individual cells and plant tissue.
Prolonged diarrhea can cause death.
Prolonged diarrhea can cause dehydration, weakness, fatigue, and weight loss.
Prolonged diarrhea can cause dehydration, weight loss, and increased fatigue.
Prolonged disturbances can lead to destruction or abandonment of the colony.
Prolonged dosage seems to make it worse.
Prolonged downpours are rare.
Prolonged drought can also adversely affect insect numbers.
Prolonged drought causes leaves to drop, but recovers with new water.
Prolonged elephantiasis can cause failure of the kidneys.
Prolonged estrus is deadly to ferrets.
Prolonged excretion following recovery is common.
Prolonged exercise can divert oxygen in the blood away from the baby.
Prolonged exercise decreases serum leptin concentrations.
Prolonged foreplay can enhance sexual arousal in both men and women.
Prolonged gout can cause arthritis and kidney failure.
Prolonged heat draws the inflammation in, keeping the swelling high.
Prolonged heat spells, like wind storms, knock avocados off the trees prematurely.
Prolonged hiccups require medical care.
Prolonged hunger can result in permanent damage to body and mind.
Prolonged hunger has damaging effects on health, growth, and chances for survival.
Prolonged hunger turns into powerful cravings that often lead to a binge.
Prolonged hypertension can result in renal failure .
Prolonged hyperventilation can cause alkalosis.
Prolonged immersion can lead to excessive body cooling.
Prolonged immobility can further weaken bones and lead to muscle loss, weakness, and more fractures.
Prolonged immobility can lead to muscle loss, weakness, and more fractures.
Prolonged immobilization leads to abnormal scarring and weakens connective tissue.
Prolonged inactivity leads to increased disability.
Prolonged infestations can damage trees and the chestnut crop.
Prolonged infestations weaken branches, often producing premature leaf yellowing and drop.
Prolonged ingestion can cause problems with iron absorption, leading to anemia.
Prolonged ingestion can lead to serious chronic effects, see below.
Prolonged inhalation can cause irritation of mucous membranes.
Prolonged inhalation can cause irritation of the nose and bronchial passages.
Prolonged inhalation can cause suffocation and death.
Prolonged inhalation leads to death by heart failure, and ingestion by heart and liver failure.
Prolonged iritis can lead to eye damage, depending on the severity.
Prolonged isolation can lead to social phobias, even depression.
Prolonged jaundice can be a sign of liver disease.
Prolonged lactation contributes to depletion of maternal energy reserves in Filipino women.
Prolonged light can affect color, making the food look less appetizing.
Prolonged malabsorption can result in malnutrition .
Prolonged malaria destroys the immune system.
Prolonged malnutrition is associated with a decrease in survival among COPD patients.
Prolonged pain can create anxiety and stress .
Prolonged pregnancy can lead to an undernourished, smaller baby.
Prolonged pregnancy increases the risk of SD by a factor of two.
Prolonged rain can cause cabin fever.
Prolonged rain is possible towards the border with eastern Zimbabwe.
Prolonged rest is known to be associated with secondary disabiltiy.
Prolonged saturation leads to the development of gleyed or mottled soils.
Prolonged sleeplessness weakens immune function.
Prolonged storage depletes carbohydrate reserves and reduces the vigour of seedlings.
Prolonged stress can also affect our emotional well-being.
Prolonged stress can disrupt the digestive system, irritating the large intestines.
Prolonged stress can even cause death.
Prolonged stress can lead to cardiovascular problems.
Prolonged stress can lead to frustration, anger, hopelessness, and, at times, depression.
Prolonged stress is a common cause of diarrhea in a hamster.
Prolonged stress is a deadly disease in mammals - dolphins as well as humans.
Prolonged symptoms are common.
Prolonged tension can cause muscle aches, pain, and fatigue.
Prolonged training causes the cartilage to thicken by the formation of additional cartilage cells.
Prolonged treatment is accompanied by undesirable side-effects.
More prolonged treatment is permissible in patients showing progressive improvement.
Prolonged trial has profound effects on the believer.
Prolonged uncertainty results in voluntary attrition.
Prolonged unconsciousness suggests severe left or right ventricular outflow tract obstruction.
Prolonged unemployment leads to poverty and hardship.
Prolonged usage raises the blood pressure and causes water retention.
Prolonged use can also result in an unhealthy depletion of minerals, particularly potassium.
Prolonged use can cause coughing, wheezing, and lung infections the same as cigarettes.
Prolonged use can cause inflammation and scarring.
Prolonged use can cause liver disorders, heart disease, cancer, and reproduction problems.
Prolonged use can damage kidneys.
Prolonged use can elevate testosterone production in males and females.
Prolonged use can induce headaches, disorientation or addiction.
Prolonged use can lead to dependency.
Prolonged use can lead to malnutrition, respiratory problems, heart attack, seizures, and stroke.
Prolonged use can lead to more side effects and complications.
Prolonged use can lead to nose bleeds or liver, lung, or kidney disease.
Prolonged use can lead to nose bleeds, or liver, lung, or kidney disease.
Prolonged use can lead to osteoporosis or even death.
Prolonged use can lead to physical dependence even at recommended dosages.
Prolonged use can lead to physical dependence even atrecommended dosages.
Prolonged use can lead to psychological dependence.
Prolonged use can result in addiction.
Prolonged use can result in bowel dependence.
Prolonged use can sometimes cause nose bleeding and thinning of the lining of the nose.
Prolonged use can weaken the adrenal glands and lead to nervousness and insomnia.
Prolonged use can worsen symptoms of arthritis.
Prolonged use creates physical damage to the body.
Prolonged use increases the risk of cancer of the uterus.
Prolonged use is known to affect sexual function and libido in both men and women.
Prolonged use is necessary for the treatment to be efficacious.
Prolynx Internet updates our USRobotics modem drivers when they are available.
Prom dresses are also too much money.
Prom dresses are arguably the most expensive item a senior girl has to buy.
Prom gowns can take just as long as a wedding gown if they are beaded.
Prom night hairstyles. .
Prom night is an evening filled with images and experiences that can create life-long memories.
Prom night is near and the kids have plans for an all night dance marathon.
Prom night is probably one of the most memorable events in a teen-ager's life.
Prom night is promiscuity night in most cases.
Prom night is supposed to be fun and romantic, and graduation is a major milestone.
Prom night is supposed to be really memorable .
Prom night is the night many young people decide to lose their virginity.
Prom night is wide open to anything.
Prom night opens some eyes.
Prom night passes into personal history quickly, of course.
A prom is a formal
Prom dates for each and every vampire cursed with a soul.
Prom has reason to feel concern.
Prom is a great place to make some of our final memories of high school together.
Prom is a little more formal than Homecoming.
Prom is a time for fun and excitement.
Prom is a waste of money for guys.
Prom is about six months away, but the ticket deadline is approaching quickly.
Prom is all about being romantic with that special someone.
Prom is all about going out with a bang.
Prom is in um, three days.
Prom is just days away.
Prom is just hours away.
Prom is near.
Prom is one of the few clothing companies for female boarders.
Prom is over and spring break was ages ago.
Prom is right around the corner.
Prom is still the night for limos, corsages and dresses that make teen-age girls look like divas.
Prom is very expensive.
Prom ises Made.
PROM now checks mode bits.
Prom occupies a spot in the top seven of all the offensive statistical categories in the Valley.
Proms are dances.
Proms are great times.
PROMs are how microcomputers store programs.
Proms are special.
Proms can be expensive.
All proms are the same.
Many ProMatch competitors boast of high content, but deliver information at a snail's pace.
Prome is a typical example.
A promenade deck is a deck
Promenade decks allow for great walking around the entire ship.
A promenade is a contradance
Promenade maintains styling continuity when used in combination indoor and outdoor applications.
Promenade walks a.
Promenades are balls.
Promenades are country dances.
Promenades are marchs.
Promenades are part of balls.
Promenades are part of square dances.
Promenades are walks.
Promenades serve as spokes, leading from the rotunda to the various performance venues.
Promenades spectaculaires sur les falaises et plages toutes proches.
All promenade round the set.
A promethium is metal
Promethium belongs to the lanthanide series .
Promethium has no biological role.
Promethium has no naturally occurring isotopes.
Promethium is a rare earth metal.
Promethium is a rare-earth metal that emits beta radius.
Promethium is one of the lanthanides , which have similar chemical properties.
Promethium is one of the most fascinating of all chemical elements.
Promethium is radioactive.
Promethium is rare , because it is radioactive , and decays .
Promethium is rare, because it is radioactive, and decays.
Promethium is the only rare earth radioactive metal.
Promethium is used as a power source in spacecraft.
Promethium is useful as a beta source for thickness gauges.
Promethium is very rare.
Promethiums are chemical elements.
Promethiums are metallic elements.
Promethiums are radioactive substances.
Most promethium is used for research purpose.
Prometric centers are all accessible to candidates in wheelchairs.
Prominence also applies to the words within the body of the document, the headings, and other tags.
Prominence can help indicate where the boundaries are, making life easier for the listener.
Prominence is a necessary criterion for deciding when to include a peak on an altitude-based list.
Prominence is a necessary criterion for deciding when to include a peak onan altitude-based list.
Prominence is a standing
Prominence is given to collecting appropriate UK resources.
Prominence is given to Poland and the Russian Federation.
Prominence is given to the Constitution of the United States.
Prominence is importance.
Prominence is much better than elevation above sea level as a means of generating lists.
Prominence is much better than elevation above sealevel as a means of generating lists.
Prominence is standing.
Prominence is the placement of the keyword within the text.
Prominence isa status.
Prominences are easy, surface details are another matter.
Prominences are huge loops of hydrogen gas thrown upwards by magnetic forces.
Prominences are immense clouds of glowing gas that erupt from the upper chromosphere.
Prominences are important because they affect communications and surveillance satellites.
Prominences are large cloud like structures that lie in the outer atmosphere of the sun.
Prominences are loops of magnetic fields with hot gas trapped inside.
Prominences are red flashes seen on the rim of the sun between the second and third contact.
Prominences are sometimes transitory, lasting only a few minutes or hours.
Prominences are the evidence of magnetic storms exploding off the sun's surface.
Prominences are visible at the limb but are cut off by a sky threshold.
Prominences can last hours and even days.
Prominences can loop hundreds of thousands of miles into space.
Prominences can vary gretly in brightness.
Some prominence has shapes.
Some prominences are erupted outward, others appear to condense in the corona and fall inward.
Some prominences form giant coil shapes due to magnetic field lines.
Prominent authors explore practical ideas for curriculum changes and assessment practices.
Prominent buildings continue to rise in Berlin's center.
Prominent businesspeople are universally busy.
Many prominent businesspeople participate in the event as it grows each year.
Prominent caterpillars tend to stay on foliage by day.
Prominent chalazae indicate high quality.
Prominent changes occur in the pharyngeal region.
Prominent characters have their own voices, to a degree, and their dialogue is always authentic.
Many prominent churches have full time professional psychologists on their staff.
Many prominent citizens are about to lose their certification as adults.
Prominent companies sponsor the foundation.
Some prominent designers take life.
Some prominent designers take own life.
Prominent dewlaps occur in mature female rabbits or does.
Prominent disciplines tend to occupy more time and space.
Prominent ears occur in some cases.
Prominent economists fault the tax on a number of grounds.
Most prominent errors are with sar -d. on idle devices.
Prominent examples are in directional solidification and fracture pattern.
Prominent examples are supernovae or x-ray transient outbursts.
Most prominent examples are root name servers.
Some prominent examples follow.
Prominent executives make public pronouncements about the importance of the environment to strategy.
Prominent eyes appear large in proportion to the head.
Prominent eyes indicate thyroid gland dysfunction.
Prominent features are Taylor Creek and the airport.
Prominent features are well-known ones such as weight loss and asthenia, and hypoglycaemia.
Prominent figures are the spider, monkey, bird, tree, whale, and huge trapezoids.
Prominent figures visit throughout the year.
Many prominent golfers use what is called a stair step program.
Prominent growth is exhibited by the moved rod cell.
Prominent hazes cover the Congo Basin.
Prominent instep enhances circulation and comfort.
Some prominent issues face children.
All prominent journals insist that research is thoroughly checked by other scientists.
Prominent landmarks stand out at night just as they do in the daytime.
Prominent lawmakers offer strong comments on the situation.
Prominent leaders discuss their hopes for the future.
Prominent listings require dedication, work and patience.
Some prominent ministers die in crashes.
Some prominent ministers die in plane crashes.
Some prominent ministers die in small plane crashes.
Prominent mottles are commonly the most obvious color feature of the section described.
Prominent mountain ranges near North America's west coast.
Prominent musician starts hunger strike.
Prominent newspapers specialize in covering business.
Prominent ones are on their legs and neck.
Prominent people speak out in support of the treaties.
All prominent people are very good at it.
Some prominent people are on it.
Any prominent person is a potential target for a criminal.
Some prominent players leave states.
Prominent pockets create enlarged areas of attachment for chewing muscles .
Prominent points mentioned above raise reasonable questions.
Some prominent proboscises adapt for tissue.
Prominent psychologists discuss new directions in psychological research, theory, and application.
Prominent redox features in shades of gray, yellow, and brown range from none to common.
Prominent researchers comment on the probability of success.
Many prominent researchers view aging as a disease in itself.
Prominent sclerites make it very easy to super glue the cuttings.
Prominent signs indicate the locations.
Many prominent speakers do it.
Prominent spines can narrow the mid-pelvis and cause deep transverse arrest.
Prominent stamens give a three-color effect.
Prominent stops are Fort Phantom Hill in Abilene and Fort Griffin north of Albany.
Some prominent structures appear.
Prominent tendons produce a strong-looking grip.
Prominent thinkers advance theories.
Many prominent thinkers argue that they do.
Most prominent thinkers advance theories.
Prominent veins run down the middle of the leaves and the margins roll down.
Prominent veins run down the middle of the leaves, and the margins roll down.
Prominent veins run lengthwise on the leaf surface.
Many prominent women avoid smoking in public for fear of such a backlash.
Promiscuity also generates detrimental social effects.
Promiscuity can be physically as well as emotionally dangerous.
Promiscuity comes to mind as an easy example.
Promiscuity contributes to a moral decline in society.
Promiscuity depends on the individual.
Promiscuity drives sexual selection in a socially monogamous bird.
Promiscuity generally implies lack of discrimination.
Promiscuity inevitably leads to unwanted pregnancies that end in abortions in many cases.
Promiscuity is a citizen's duty.
Promiscuity is a weakness.
Promiscuity is common, especially among young people, who have few diversions.
Promiscuity is common.
Promiscuity is dangerous.
Promiscuity is encouraged.
Promiscuity is funded in the budget.
Promiscuity is loaded with negative connotations that just aren t true.
Promiscuity is no more prevalent in the bisexual population than in other groups of people.
Promiscuity is often a response to feelings of insecurity or lowered self-esteem.
Promiscuity is rampant in the camps.
Promiscuity is rampant.
Promiscuity is sex
Promiscuity is sexual activities.
Promiscuity is the pollen of life.
Promiscuity is the root cause of the present epidemic.
Promiscuity leads to increased sperm competition and males tend to have larger testicles.
Promiscuity makes females dull and males flashy.
Promiscuity offers a significantly worse fate.
Promiscuity promotes almost as many health hazards as do other sexual defilements of the body.
Promiscuous sex can be addictive.
Promiscuous sex is no problem, nor is homosexuality.
Promiscuous sex is stupid.
Promiscuous women are far more likely to develop cervical Ca.
Promiscuousness is sex
Promiscuousness sows death in epidemic proportions.
Promise keepers are over.
Promise advances for making progress against all cancers.
Promise becomes invisible.
Promise defend Knee below lots activities till the tongue.
Promise gain Table at little address of an murder.
Promise goes unfilled.
Promise here lies in the generic geometry reasoning tool of medial axis computation.
Promise implies a solemn obligation.
Promise is a set of five basic promises made to every child in America.
Promise is a speech act
Promise is a word softly spoken, but never heard.
Promise is bands.
Promise is commitment.
Promise is dedication
Promise is enormous, but reality is that it is too complex.
Promise is expectations.
Promise is found only on the far side of a desert.
Promise is in honour's debt.
Promise is known for more than just being the matriarch around here.
Promise is speech acts.
Promise lies in such words, in that kind of naming.
Promise needs help with grant applications too.
Promise offers services and support to women who have chosen to get out of prostitution.
Promise produces hope.
Promise turns to longing.
Promises answers to.
Promises are a poor substitute for commitment.
Promises are binding.
Promises are bullshit and water.
Promises are easy to give, much harder to deliver.
Promises are easy to make in the heat of desire.
Promises are easy to make on the platform.
Promises are easy to make, harder to keep.
Promises are easy to make.
Promises are express or implied.
Promises are for people who want to get the gods on their side.
Promises are guarantees, opportunities are only choices.
Promises are just words.
Promises are levers.
Promises are like little diamonds.
Promises are like money - easier made than kept.
Promises are like pie crust, made to be broken.
Promises are like plates - made to be broken.
Promises are nice, but experience can be demonstrated.
Promises Are Nice. . .
Promises are nothing but baits to gather as many votes as possible.
Promises are one thing, delivery is another.
Promises are only as good as the history of the builder.
Promises are only as valuable as the handshakes they're built upon.
Promises are promises.
Promises are so easy to make, yet so hard to keep.
Promises are still only promises until somebody delivers the goods.
Promises are the ruin of many, and usually impart nothing but a vitality to hope.
Promises are to be obtained.
Promises are to be received, and blessings are to be enjoyed.
Promises are Unsettled.
Promises are useful things, both to keep and, when expedient, to break.
Promises are what contracts are all about.
Promises are windows into a person's integrity.
Promises being made to the citizens of Austin appear to be no different.
Promises broken always deal out hurt and anguish.
Promises buy small cups of wine.
Promises can also make statements inadmissible against others .
Promises can go a long way, as long as wishful thinking holds sway.
Promises can make confessions invalid.
Promises characteristically take the form of threats.
Promises come in all shapes and sizes.
Promises come true.
Promises do accompany the pujas.
Promises dont make reality.
Promises go unfulfilled in favor of providing stylish thrills.
Promises go unfulfilled.
Promises have to be kept.
Promises have to be public and explicit.
Promises join partners who trust or wish to trust each other.
Promises made at Earth conferences in Kyoto, Japan, and in Brazil have yet to be implemented.
Promises made by children are likely to fade after the initial excitement of having a pet wears off.
Promises made by the civilian leadership are as empty as the West Texas rain gauge.
Promises make debt, and debt makes promises.
Promises make debts, and debts make promises, but promises never pay debts.
Promises make friends.
Promises mean nothing until they are implemented.
Promises mean nothing.
Promises only sound like contracts.
Promises promises, but little substance.
Promises secure online purchases.
Promises Shared love is twice the joy Love one another deeply from the heart. . .
Promises signed by major powers in a moment of amity often prove inconvenient later.
All promises are contracts.
All promises are off.
All promises lead to problems of credibility.
Every promise begins with a sacrifice.
Every promise is a promise related to either the law or the gospel, or both.
Every promise is endorsed in blood.
Every promise is firm and unshakable, every statement true, every command fitting like an easy yoke.
Every promise is sacred, and irreverence is blasphemy.
Many promises are as yet unfulfilled.
Many promises are conditional.
Some promises are harder to keep than others.
Some promises entail enormous sacrifice, nothing less than a cross.
Some promises never arrive.
Promised benefits are simply unpayable under present financing, and current law recognizes that.
Many promising athletes have no interest in school.
Promising beginners aim for the chorus in part because choristers are also the understudies.
Many promising developments are under way now to show how clean diesel can be.
Many promising initiatives are now underway to address and mitigate the problem.
Some promising initiatives call for collaboration at the state and local levels.
Promising material is submitted for publication.
Many promising mixtures begin dark, but within a year or two, fade . . .
Promising news is that the current government is working with agencies to coordinate relief efforts.
Promising programs are innovative prevention efforts producing positive initial results.
Promising programs are placed on a development agenda and a working team is assembled.
Some promising programs are underway, such as increasing access to online journals and databases.
More promising situations appear in other domains.
Promising students have a good chance of receiving financial support in the first year.
Some promising technologies are in the pipeline.
Some promising therapies are in experimental stages.
Many promising treatments are still in the experimental stages or are undergoing clinical trials.
Promissory estoppel can sustain a cause of action despite the absence of an intent to be bound.
Promissory estoppel depends on reliance.
Promissory estoppel is an equitable doctrine.
Promissory estoppel is more than an equivalent of or a substitute for consideration.
Promissory estoppel operates to imply a contract in law where none exists in fact.
Promissory fraud is an intentional species of fraud, requiring proof of an intent to deceive.
A promissory note is a document
Promissory notes are the hottest thing on the investment scam cycle nationwide right now.
Promissory notes have a variety of other uses, as well.
Promissory notes promise a high rate of return of interest over a short period of time.
Promontory Park has two boat ramps located at the north and south ends of the park.
Promoted managers are talented and politically capable.
Promoted pieces allow multipairing.
Promoted pieces revert to pawn status upon being captured.
Promoted students perform better than retained students.
Promoter genes are natural parts of chromosomes.
Promoter regions indicate the starting point of protein synthesis.
A promoter is a publicist
Promoter isa individual.
Promoter isa person.
Promoter isa somebody.
Promoter isa someone.
Promoter leaves name and number and guarantees to return to bring more free items.
Promoter resreves the right to cancel or combine races with insufficient entries.
Promoters are advertisers.
Promoters are attachment sites for special proteins that enable the gene to be expressed.
Promoters are bits of DNA that regulate where, when, and to what degree a trait is expressed.
Promoters are critical elements which work in concert with other regulatory regions .
Promoters are critical elements which work in concert with other regulatory regions.
Promoters are critically involved in the regulation of gene expression .
Promoters are different in prokaryotes and eukaryotes.
Promoters are effective only when applied after initiation.
Promoters are excited.
Promoters are free to set whatever charge they want for a call.
Promoters are gene switches for turning genes on, and every functioning gene has to have one.
Promoters are important elements in regulating gene expression.
Promoters are important in the human genome, but they are poorly understood.
Promoters are just as important as the genes themselves.
Promoters are loyal, enthusiastic fans.
Promoters are men and women of action.
Promoters are natural parts of chromosomes.
Promoters are near the genes they transcribe , on the same strand of DNA and upstream .
Promoters are near the genes they transcribe, on the same strand of DNA and upstream.
Promoters are often too big for the virus carrier.
Promoters are the final processors of transcription signals.
Promoters are the part of a gene that acts as a switch to regulate when a gene product is made.
Promoters are usually small and present high variability.
Promoters become their friends.
Promoters can be specific for certain tissues such as roots, seeds, etc.
Promoters can control is their commitment to fan safety, however.
Promoters can only do so much to make as many people as possible aware that a gig is on.
Promoters can only weigh the probable impact of their actions on other people.
Promoters can sell their shares and repatriate capital.
Promoters can spend only so much on advertising and promotion.
Promoters can then have access to sell in all sorts of sponsorship categories including lodging.
Promoters can use local judges for title fights to minimize on costs.
Promoters can usually stand to lose more money than they make.
Promoters can vary quite a bit in how general or how specific they are.
Promoters cause the cells to proliferate abnormally and accumulate mutations.
Promoters claim it can cure cancer and other diseases.
Promoters claim it rejuvenates old cells, improves memory, and prevents wrinkling.
Promoters claim that chip mills are the most efficient method of converting trees into paper.
Promoters claim that it decreases appetite, leading to weight loss.
Promoters claim that the new legislation addresses a shortage of agricultural workers.
Promoters claim that their products contain too little silver to cause argyria.
Promoters constitute binding sites for RNA polymerase and the general transcription factors.
Promoters determine when and where the gene is expressed.
Promoters extend that con to real life issues within pro wrestling.
Promoters face significant risks from initiating projects and, in particular, sunk costs.
Promoters favor the growth of cancer once initiation has taken place.
Promoters generally increases growth, cause more cell division.
Promoters generally own hundreds of thousands of shares in a given company.
Promoters get a very bad rap for screwing bands out of money.
Promoters get money one way or the other.
Promoters give press interviews about OUR scene in order to turn a higher profit.
Promoters have (part) arms.
Promoters have (part) body substances.
Promoters have (part) cell membranes.
Promoters have (part) cells.
Promoters have (part) corpi.
Promoters have (part) cytoplasm.
Promoters have (part) heads.
Promoters have (part) human bodies.
Promoters have (part) legs.
Promoters have (part) material bodies.
Promoters have (part) necks.
Promoters have (part) nuclei.
Promoters have (part) personality.
Promoters have (part) plasma membranes.
Promoters have (part) sections.
Promoters have (part) vacuoles.
Promoters have a knack for knowing where the action is.
Promoters have activities.
Promoters have backgrounds.
Promoters have effects.
Promoters have features.
Promoters have structural features.
Promoters have two consensus sequences.
Promoters influence their victims by offering solutions to just about every health problem.
Promoters make the application.
Promoters prefer the larger arenas.
Promoters promise ample space and excellent vantage points.
Promoters promise some weightless time.
Promoters promise youth and health to all who partake of it.
Promoters provide expression.
Promoters reserve right to combine classes depending on participation.
Promoters reserve the right to combine classes in inclement conditions.
Promoters roundhouse anonymous fighters.
Promoters run business operations.
Promoters run operations.
Promoters say fuel cells create no polluting particles or gases, and emit only water as exhaust.
Promoters say it's an incredible time saver and one of our most popular features.
Promoters say studies have shown glucosamine can help rebuild cartilage destroyed by osteoarthritis.
Promoters say the new technology helps lift yields and lower production costs.
Promoters skip town without paying for services rendered.
Promoters state that research proves that their program works.
Promoters support activities.
Promoters take approaches.
Promoters there work hard to put on a good show, so the atmosphere is exciting.
Promoters use attributes.
Promoters use books.
Promoters use in plant transformation.
Promoters use in transformation.
Promoters use the technique to control a certain weight division.
Promoters wanting to hook up with rising talent can check out their web links.
Promoters often cite the artist's high appearance fee for the sky high gate fee.
Promoters often offer special prices and prizes to bring kids to the door.
Promoters often try to generate coverage on the first day of a weekend events.
Promoters usually focus on a particular region of the country and offer shows in a few states only.
Any promoter can do that.
Many promoters require additional proteins to initiate transcription.
Many promoters use the same patent attorneys and patent searchers.
Most promoters have activities.
Most promoters have backgrounds.
Most promoters have effects.
Most promoters have structural features.
Most promoters provide expression.
Most promoters run business operations.
Most promoters run operations.
Most promoters support activities.
Most promoters take approaches.
Most promoters use attributes.
Most promoters use books.
Most promoters use in plant transformation.
Most promoters use in transformation.
Some promoters charge jury fees because they can and for no other reason.
Some promoters claim to offer a money back guarantee.
Some promoters increase basal expression.
Some promoters increase expression.
Some promoters increase protein expression.
Some promoters offer sweepstakes to profit by fraudulent means.
Some promoters pay people to describe fictional success in earning money through the plan.
Some promoters receive trains.
Some promoters reserve rights.
Some promoters result in expression.
Some promoters say 'no selling required'.
Some promoters share sequence similarity.
Some promoters share similarity.
Some promoters share strong sequence similarity.
Some promoters share strong similarity.
Some promoters take notes.
A promotion is a message
Promotion also excludes taxes, gift cards, and shipping charges.
Promotion also includes a public relations strategy, and attractive graphic and media presentations.
Promotion also means more money.
Promotion also places some restrictions on ones ability to gain experience in different departments.
Promotion amounts to any effort to do so.
Promotion applies to new bookings only.
Promotion Apply the fundamental principles and practices associated with promotion techniques.
Promotion are in for a shock to start their holiday if they fly the local airline.
Promotion automatically applies during checkout.
ProMotion backs their product with a lifetime warranty on seams and workmanship.
Promotion based on merit alone is a policy that has always made good sense in our company.
Promotion becomes more widespread and use a greater variety of media.
Promotion brings traffic.
Promotion can be key in today's tight book market.
Promotion can be simultaneously preventative and vice versa.
Promotion can drive incremental ticket sales or concession or merchandise sales.
Promotion can increase earning and provide opportunities for personal growth.
Promotion can occur any year and a can take the place of a review.
Promotion can sometimes lead to general management roles.
Promotion carries no tenure status.
Promotion carries with it no commitment of continuing appointment.
Promotion comes from exceptional work.
Promotion comes in many forms.
Promotion comes next.
Promotion comes with experience.
Promotion completes our package.
Promotion completes the package.
Promotion consists of advertising, sales promotion, sales, public relations, and direct marketing.
Promotion Contains free url submitters, banner exchange pages, search engine submit pages.
Promotion copy in original inner sleeve.
Promotion covers a broad area of marketing communication.
Promotion creates excitement downtown.
Promotion depends both for men and women upon individual merits.
Promotion depends entirely on performance.
Promotion depends on ability to get results and handle responsibility.
Promotion depends on ability to meet targets.
Promotion depends on mobility, experience and ability.
Promotion depends on performance and merit.
Promotion depends solely upon the performance and commitment of the individual.
Promotion depends upon the demonstration of excellence in both areas.
Promotion effectively draws consumer attention to products.
Promotion emphasizes product differentiation .
Promotion emphasizes product differentiation.
Promotion encourages potential customers to visit the Partner Page.
Promotion entails greater management and administrative responsibilities.
Promotion entails greater management responsibilities.
Promotion entails greater management responsibility and mobility.
Promotion entails planning work and motivating others.
Promotion focuses on increasing level of well being for ill and well people.
Promotion folders now with the deans and the university committee.
Promotion follows to other grades.
Promotion generates traffic.
Promotion Get some visitors.
Promotion gets even more complicated.
Promotion has likely resistance.
Promotion has no effect on noninitiated cells.
Promotion Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Promotion helps customers learn about products.
Promotion Identify promotional strategies of various businesses.
Promotion includes a flyer, telephone calls, newsletter article and e-mail mass messaging.
Promotion includes a series of FAQs, application form, and terms and conditions.
Promotion includes an increase in salary.
Promotion includes Internet promotions, as well as promotions in other media.
Promotion includes local sweepstakes, local and national grand prize.
Promotion includes movement to a distinctly different job of greater difficulty and higher value.
Promotion includes personal selling, advertising, sales promotions, and public relations.
Promotion includes print support, promotional announcements, live remote on stage and stage credits.
Promotion includes registering the website with search engines and directories.
Promotion includes studying how labels and the broadcast media work together.
Promotion includes writing effective grant proposals.
Promotion increases all come from salary vacancy lines.
Promotion involves advertising, publicity and personal contact.
Promotion involves any process that forces a cell or tissue into mitotic division.
Promotion involves marketing an enticing image to shoppers, investors, and visitors.
Promotion involves marketing an enticing image to shoppers, investors, residents and visitors.
Promotion involves telling the target market about the product.
Promotion is a bit different.
Promotion is a communication process intended to modify behavior toward a positive buying decision.
Promotion is a continuous process.
Promotion is a form of advertising.
Promotion is a form of exploitation.
Promotion is a function of qualification, performance, and position responsibilities.
Promotion is a funny thing.
Promotion is a hard working, willing servant in today s environment of instant gratification.
Promotion is a matter of doctrinal inculcation and grace-orientation.
Promotion is a methodology of web site submission .
Promotion is a methodology of web site submission.
Promotion is a never ending task.
Promotion is a never-ending process.
Promotion is a part of our daily lives.
Promotion is a reward but only if it gives people a solid chance at succeeding.
Promotion is a science on the web.
Promotion is about persuasion.
Promotion is active and ongoing, and new subscribers are continually being added to our rolls.
Promotion is after all the only alternative to discouraging homosexuality.
Promotion is aimed at innovators and early adopters.
Promotion is all of the above and everything else.
Promotion is also a factor.
Promotion is also cheaper.
Promotion is also one of the key elements to a successful web page.
Promotion is always at no cost to musicians.
Promotion is an essential element.
Promotion is an extensive collection of free promotion and advertising resources.
Promotion is an integral part of any developmental plan.
Promotion is another aspect of that role.
Promotion is another aspect.
Promotion is another important strategic and business issue.
Promotion is applicable only to members electing to earn points.
Promotion is as important as updating content.
Promotion is attained through education, experience, and testing.
Promotion is automatically to a queen.
Promotion is awarded on the basis of proven excellence rather than on a lack of deficiencies.
Promotion is based largely on experience, scientific publications, and performance.
Promotion is based on commercial merit and experience.
Promotion is based on demonstrated potential for excellence in teaching.
Promotion is based on earned credits.
Promotion is based on getting good grades.
Promotion is based on merit.
Promotion is based on performance and productivity without regard to seniority.
Promotion is based on room availability.
Promotion is based on the achievement of the established benchmarks for each grade level.
Promotion is based solely on specific courses passed.
Promotion is based truly on merit, demonstrated excellence and competence in the workplace.
Promotion is based upon contribution and experience.
Promotion is by age and by grade level.
Promotion is by merit and is competitive.
Promotion is competitive, based upon performance and longevity.
Promotion is critical to the success of any artist.
Promotion is crucial.
Promotion is dependant on merit and vacancy.
Promotion is dependent on being the successful applicant for a vacancy.
Promotion is determined on merit using specified selection criteria.
Promotion is disregarded.
Promotion is done by turning over the piece immediately upon completion of the move.
Promotion is done by turning the piece over.
Promotion is done in order to create product differentiation and loyalty.
Promotion is done through the publication and church packets.
Promotion is easy after one has some experience.
Promotion is essential to a firm library's existence.
Promotion is essential to the success of every Website.
Promotion is essential.
Promotion is everything that is done to help new and existing parents view a school more favorably.
Promotion is everything.
Promotion is far more than just submitting a web site's URL to a bunch of search engines.
Promotion is faster too.
Promotion is featured in selected younger adult publications.
Promotion is focused on consumer.
Promotion is from within.
Promotion is geared to a successful demonstration of scholarship, among other criteria.
Promotion is generally from within the company.
Promotion is good for one per person, per household.
Promotion is held each spring.
Promotion is important.
Promotion is just as important as effective web site design.
Promotion is just as important in the virtual world as it is in the real one.
Promotion is just the opposite.
Promotion is Key Being there is only half the battle.
Promotion is key.
Promotion is like an avalanche.
Promotion is likely for some.
Promotion is likely to be through moving to a different employer.
Promotion is limited to stock on hand.
Promotion is neither implied nor guaranteed.
Promotion is next to nothing in the United States.
Promotion is no easy matter and there are never any guarantees.
Promotion is normally from within.
Promotion is now a key phase in our project plan.
Promotion is on merit after passing exams and promotion board.
Promotion is on merit.
Promotion is one of marketing's major components.
Promotion is one of our specialties.
Promotion is one of the major elements of the marketing mix of the business.
Promotion is one of the most important functions of marketing.
Promotion is one thing that never ends.
Promotion is one thing, zealotry is another.
Promotion is one tool which can be utilised in the struggle to remain alive.
Promotion is only for a month.
Promotion is open for new accounts only .
Promotion is open to legal U.S. residents as of the date of the entry.
Promotion is open to United States residents.
Promotion is open U.S. residents.
Promotion is paramount.
Promotion is part of marketing, but marketing has other aspects which are often neglected.
Promotion is possible for equity and credit financed investments.
Promotion is possible with experience.
Promotion is powerful.
Promotion is regulated by seniority.
Promotion is relentless.
Promotion is required when wanting to succeed online.
Promotion is sent to churches and children's directors.
Promotion is specific to the products and services that a business offers to customers.
Promotion is still to a piece of the same color.
Promotion is subject to all applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations.
Promotion is subject to availability of stock.
Promotion is subject to change at any time.
Promotion is the biggest and hardest step of the game.
Promotion is the game.
Promotion is the heart of our marketing services.
Promotion is the inverse operation.
Promotion is the key to a successful web site.
Promotion is the key to all website success.
Promotion is the key to success in online business.
Promotion is the key to success in today's music industry.
Promotion is the key to successful rentals and the highest income.
Promotion is the key, as in any business.
Promotion is the key.
Promotion is the method of bringing awareness of the service to the service user.
Promotion is the mitogenic process that brings about the clonal expansion of initiated cells.
Promotion is the name of the game in the software business.
Promotion is the name of the game.
Promotion is the nemesis of every website owner.
Promotion is the ONLY way to be found.
Promotion is the other half.
Promotion is the process of handling all the public relations issues of a web.
Promotion is the process of turning on the light.
Promotion is the single best way of introducing a new product to the public at large.
Promotion is the single most important aspect of making effective use of a great website.
Promotion is tied to the services, products, or subjects the site contains.
Promotion is to a rook, bishop, or knight.
Promotion is to management and planning posts.
Promotion is to team or to senior or principal consultant.
Promotion is to technical or operational management of field operations.
Promotion is tough.
Promotion is up to the academic unit based upon teaching, scholarship, and professional service.
Promotion is used to convince the market to buy the firm s products instead of some other purchase.
Promotion is used to move the target market from one phase to another to finally purchase.
Promotion is usually internal.
Promotion is valid on the online store only.
Promotion is valid worldwide.
Promotion is very difficult on the web, and it is hard to find poorly promoted information.
Promotion is very difficult on the web.
Promotion is very important as well.
Promotion is very important, even for newscasts with a loyal audience.
Promotion is vital.
Promotion Let's face it.
Promotion makes all of it.
Promotion means advertising.
Promotion means pushing content ahead of other content.
Promotion needs to be given to greater public access to waterways and canals.
Promotion never comes without trials.
Promotion Never Ends .
Promotion offers a complete, no-nonsense information guide to web site promotion.
Promotion Offers free software trial version.
Promotion only helps the rivalry.
Promotion primarily indicates a personal level of achievement.
Promotion probably becomes highly digital and the costs drop there also.
Promotion Recruits the next class of TexYAC members.
Promotion refers to promotional merchandise and contests.
Promotion refers to the prevention message.
Promotion remains the domain of marketing, but it has become increasingly tactical.
Promotion represents recognition of a person's ability to assume greater responsibilities.
Promotion requires a successful demonstration of scholarship, among other criteria.
Promotion requires and a valid credit card and social security number of new subscriber.
Promotion requires real effort, probably more effort than creating the site itself.
Promotion requires that an employee be upgraded and reclassified.
Promotion rules Promotion rules are complicated.
Promotion seems to be another key to running a profitable affinity card program.
Promotion starts with the inception of the idea.
ProMotion takes the mystery out of international satellite communications.
Promotion then is based strictly on merit.
Promotion Use traditional and nontraditional methods for promotion.
Promotion utilizes persuasive communication to induce customers to buy certain products or services.
Promotions Allows special promotions to be created and managed along with discount levels.
Promotions also appear in the ad slots.
Promotions also depend on passing grades in subjects such as social studies and science.
Promotions appear and disappear overnight.
Promotions apply to new bookings only, and require full payment at time of booking.
Promotions apply to new bookings only.
Promotions are a big issue with independent dealers.
Promotions are a great way to maximize sales.
Promotions are a major part of any business looking to attract new custom and increase sales.
Promotions are a mandatory subject of bargaining.
Promotions are a normal part of business.
Promotions are a personal thing.
Promotions are a positive mechanism for attaining operational and employee recognition goals.
Promotions are added periodically, so be sure to check back often for new listings.
Promotions are also harder to obtain than in high school education.
Promotions are also important.
Promotions are an integral part of marketing.
Promotions are available following one year of service as they open.
Promotions are available with training and experience level.
Promotions are available.
Promotions are bases on performance, and the career path is clear-cut.
Promotions are competitions or activities funded by a client whose participation is credited on air.
Promotions are competitive and are subject to position availability.
Promotions are competitive and based on experience and performance.
Promotions are conditional based on performance and training completion.
Promotions are currently available in the Continental United States, Alaska and Hawaii only.
Promotions are dependent solely upon passing in class examinations.
Promotions are especially necessary for retailers starting a new business.
Promotions are everything.
Promotions are extremely competitive.
Promotions are from within.
Promotions are generally possible after one or two years at the trainee level.
Promotions are important.
Promotions are limited to one per customer.
Promotions are messages.
Promotions are now available.
Promotions are part of marketing.
Promotions are part of our culture, fundamentally ingrained as a way to recognize and reward.
Promotions are rapid.
Promotions are regular and based upon performance.
Promotions are subject to change without notice.
Promotions are subject to change.
Promotions are time bound and increase in privileges are automatic.
Promotions are time-sensitive and pricing can change without notice.
Promotions are two hours usually done by teams of two persons with one-hour shifts.
Promotions are unlikely but their is the possibility of awards.
Promotions are up tomorrow at briefing.
Promotions are, naturally, an effective way to advertise.
Promotions bring still more stock options.
Promotions build in-store traffic and increase sales.
Promotions can also take the form of free merchandise of services.
Promotions can be a wonderful tool for advertisers.
Promotions can be peaceful.
Promotions can be very snappy, but they are in the face of what our restaurant offers.
Promotions can do a lot of things.
Promotions can happen fast, but indications are that three years is a common timeline.
Promotions can take on almost any shape or design.
Promotions can vary by season and by region.
Promotions carry pay increases to at least the minimum of the salary range for the higher title.
Promotions change frequently, so check back often to obtain the most current offerings.
Promotions Check out our Promotions frequently.
Promotions Click on a name below to view the promotion information.
Promotions collateral being developed and newspaper ads being developed.
Promotions come as employees prove they can handle more demanding assignments.
Promotions come more quickly early in a career and slow down as it progresses.
Promotions come quicker, too.
Promotions coordinates contests, community activities and events supported by the newspaper.
Promotions demand talent, luck, planning and political know-how.
Promotions depend on ability, judgment, and performance.
Promotions employing a direct mail solicitation, for example, are easy to measure.
Promotions generally take the form of higher pay.
Promotions Get information on the latest OpenSRS specials.
Promotions has three unique areas of expertise.
Promotions have a life of their own.
Promotions is a course designed to introduce the student to the communications aspects of marketing.
Promotions is a hard game.
Promotions is a multi-purpose promotions company doing business in the northeast.
Promotions is one of the highest paying commission program on the net today.
Promotions is prepared to assist with charity events, galas, etc. in the Miami Area.
Promotions is the industry's online leader for incentive marketing solutions.
Promotions is the leading provider for high quality web site promotion services and software .
Promotions is the leading provider for high quality web site promotion services and software.
Promotions is the leading source for web site promotion software and services.
Promotions is what minor league baseball is all about and separates it from all other sports.
Promotions mean greater responsibility and access to larger projects.
Promotions mean increase in pay, authority, prestige, responsibility, and a bigger retirement check.
Promotions measure, reward, and inspire accomplishment.
Promotions meet after the meeting.
Promotions normally involve a salary increase to the minimum starting rate of that classification.
Promotions occur annually.
Promotions occur regularly and at the instructor's discretion.
Promotions offers comprehensive online tracking for online promotions.
Promotions play an important role in the initial sale of broadband services.
Promotions provide upward mobility for qualified current employees.
Promotions range from discounts to a pizza giveaway, the company says.
Promotions range from things like post-it notes, pens, mugs to more specialized gifts.
Promotions Receive free full version software.
Promotions represent an achievement both for students and for their schools.
Promotions request sheet.
Promotions require planning and dedication.
Promotions require users to go through the registration process.
Promotions run from the first through the last days of each calendar month.
Promotions save the television business model.
Promotions start reorganization of police dept.
Promotions vary from in-store retail displays to radio contests, to highly visible TV campaigns.
Promotion always involves an increase in salary grade.
Promotion always involves radicals, at least to some extent.
Promotion often depends on ability and willingness to travel or relocate.
Promotion often involves changing institutions and geographical location.
Promotion often involves the assassination of one's superior.
Promotion often makes the crucial difference between business success and failure.
Promotion often means moving.
Promotion often requires mobility.
Promotion often takes the form of increased responsibility and pay raises.
Promotions often come from within.
Promotions often increase response at the expense of lead quality.
Promotions often result in forward buying to benefit more from the lower prices.
Promotion usually involves an increase in staff and geographic responsibility.
Promotion usually means becoming an editor.
Promotions usually require published research with tenure possible after about six years.
Promotions usually result from a competition.
Promotions usually take the form of higher earnings.
Promotions usually take the form of increased responsibilities and higher pay.
All promotion is on merit.
All promotion is the bands' responsibility.
All promotion is the responsibility of the site owner.
All promotions are capacity controlled an subject to availability.
All promotions are competitive and an examination is usually required.
All promotions are contingent upon availabliity of inventory.
All promotions are effective immediately.
All promotions are from within and based on merit.
All promotions are on merit.
All promotions are subject to availability and applicable supplier franchise restrictions.
All promotions are subject to availability and inventory.
All promotions are subject to availability at the time of booking.
All promotions are subject to change without notice.
All promotions are subject to change without prior notice.
All promotions are subject to change.
All promotions are to be made officially by the president.
All promotions are value-added and are offered free to the consumer.
All promotions are welcome.
All promotions exclude holidays.
All promotions require advance registration.
Every promotion is received as an individual undertaking.
Many promotions offer opportunities to request additional information from sponsors.
Many promotions offer opportunities to request additional Information from sponsors.
More promotion is always good.
Most promotions are in-grade.
Some promotions are for dealers and some promotions are for the consumer.
Some promotions offer opportunities to request additional information from sponsors.
Promotional activities are a speciality.
Promotional activities are time consuming and are best left to trained Internet promoters.
Promotional activities are, therefore, an essential component of a freedom of information regime.
Promotional activities bring the community together in a positive way.
Promotional activities differ in important ways from traditional advertising.
Promotional activities involve exhibits, special events and walks.
Promotional activities peak during holidays and sporting events.
Promotional ads exist on each page that is currently available for purchase.
Promotional advertising sells products.
Promotional albums use the same graphics with white replacing the green color.
Promotional announcements are available for a fraction of the cost.
Promotional banners are available.
Promotional bargains are frequent.
Promotional benefits vary with cost of sponsorship.
Promotional budgets are investments in future revenue.
Promotional campaigns feature e-mail messages with a single, focused call to action.
Promotional Campaigns Keeping the players coming back for more play is key.
Promotional campaigns signal potentially popular products and stars.
Promotional cards are all over the place.
Promotional dates are subject to change without notice.
Promotional deals are frequently available, especially outside the peak holiday seasons.
Promotional discounts are available.
Promotional efforts compound themselves exponentially.
Many promotional efforts fail because of insufficient or faulty initial marketing.
Promotional eligibility is transferable between the agencies.
Promotional event helps Extension communicate hunger issues.
Promotional examinations are limited to current state employees.
All promotional examinations require patterns to be performed at each belt level.
Promotional fares offer extraordinary bargains.
Promotional flags are also slung underneath the helicopter for maximum impact.
All promotional fliers are welcome.
Promotional functions covered include advertising, personal selling, sales promotion and publicity.
Promotional gimmicks abound on the Web.
Promotional grade is for interior use only.
Promotional ideas are available on our banner site.
Promotional ideas can be as simple as a press release to all of the local business editors.
Promotional items are also part of a joint promotional effort with a particular manufacturer.
Promotional items are available including a printable flier to distribute.
Promotional items are good for morale.
Promotional items are great business.
Promotional items deliver results.
Promotional items offer a wide price range from very inexpensive to executive gifts.
Promotional items provide a high-performance, cost effective media for advertising.
All promotional items are subject to availability.
Promotional lists are good for two years.
Promotional literature does make some exaggerated claims, however.
Promotional literature is designed to sell.
Promotional literature is welcome.
Promotional literature misbrands the product.
Promotional mailings are also available at pennies per name.
Promotional marketing is crucial to the survival of the agricultural industry.
Promotional marketing is good for customer acquisition.
A promotional material is a message
Promotional material is availab le for club and individual use.
Promotional material is available for club and individual use.
Promotional material is only one aspect of a business website.
Promotional material is sent to churches.
Promotional materials are available for businesses through a convenient order form .
Promotional materials are available for store displays and advertising.
Promotional materials are available.
Promotional materials are hot off the presses.
Promotional materials are unrealistic in their representations.
Promotional materials promote both programs as one.
All promotional material is kept short and to the point.
All promotional materials track through to advertiser sign-up.
Some promotional material is available to support local breastfeeding group activities.
Some promotional materials appear on the DVD as well.
Promotional messages depend upon attention-holding evidence.
Promotional mix is used to make a product or service appeal to the target market.
Promotional newsletters are perfect vehicles for tips.
Promotional objectives vary from one organization to another and within organizations over time.
Promotional offers are for specific products and are only good while supplies last.
Promotional offers are limited, and subject to change.
All promotional offers are good while supplies last.
All promotional offers are subject to change without notice.
All promotional offers can expire at any time.
Promotional opportunities are a key component to our succession planning for long-term success.
Promotional opportunities are available as experience is gained.
Promotional opportunities are available for our top notch performers.
Promotional opportunities are available through competitive examination and satisfactory service.
Promotional opportunities are available within the program during the second rotation.
Promotional opportunities are open to all eligible officers.
Promotional opportunities come and go in organisations when no-one's thinking about publicity.
Promotional opportunities exist for higher ranking positions.
Promotional opportunities vanish as senior jobs vacate and are eliminated.
All promotional orders are for immediate release.
Promotional packages are also available, please inquire.
Promotional packages are available upon request.
Promotional photography is available upon request.
Promotional premiums can be expensive.
Promotional prices are only valid for individuals and exclude retail and library customers.
Promotional pricing is available to end user only.
Promotional pricing is used to attract customers' attention.
Promotional products are a huge industry, with a reach far beyond the tech field.
Promotional products are essentially any item utilized to help market a company or organization.
Promotional products are ideal for creating awareness among a selective audience.
Promotional products are like a business card that never leaves the desktop.
Promotional products are tangible symbols.
Promotional products are the only advertising with built-in ingratiation.
Promotional products can deliver a message with creativity and impact.
Promotional products work best when the target audience is well defined.
Promotional productions help to communicate an organization's message.
Promotional programs come in as many sizes and shapes as there are problems to solve.
Promotional programs consist of a combination of marketing approaches.
Some promotional programs are for a limited time.
Promotional prospects are excellent.
Promotional rates applies only to new online bookings and are subject to availability.
Promotional rates includes no insurance.
Promotional rates vary according to the web site and target market.
All promotional rates are subject to change and availability.
Promotional register is considered first.
Promotional rewards are available to designers and contractors.
Promotional rooms are limited.
Promotional sales occur regularly throughout the year.
Promotional schedule is subject to change.
Promotional sections are ineligible.
Promotional services are available for English language business sites only.
Promotional signs help to attract people to the event.
Promotional sponsorships are custom to each specific night .
Promotional sponsorships can also include fireworks or entertainment acts.
Promotional statements describe it as the first recording made on a battlefield.
Many promotional steps are of marginal value at the best of times.
Promotional strategies send messages, hopefully the messages school leadership wants to promote.
Promotional support includes television advertising and heavy in-store couponing and promotions.
Promotional synergies result by interlocking online and off-line marketing activities.
Some promotional tours are free.
Promotional values are in place at many overnight lodges, as well.
All promotional values are after discounts.
Promotional video is available via mail.
Promotional videos work extremely well in conjunction with web sites and other advertising media.
Promotional writing adds credibility to one's business.
Promotiong employment is our responsibility.
Prompt action can make the difference between life and death.
Prompt action can mitigate future damage to electronics.
Prompt action can often minimize the effect of vandalism or make restoration more successful.
Prompt action can prevent the perpetrator from committing additional crimes.
Prompt action can save tax.
Prompt action can stop problems escalating.
Prompt action is absolutely necessary.
Prompt action is best.
Prompt action is critical to prevent damaged property from damaging undamaged property.
Prompt action is crucial.
Prompt action is essential for tissue preservation.
Prompt action is essential.
Prompt action is even more important during the closing period.
Prompt action is imperative.
Prompt action is in the best interests of our policyholder.
Prompt action is necessary to eliminate the insects.
Prompt action is necessary to minimize damage and exposure.
Prompt action is necessary when anyone is bitten or stung.
Prompt action is necessary.
Prompt action is needed on many consensus areas for improving patient safety.
Prompt action is needed to prevent and minimize the spread of the disease.
Prompt action is needed to protect key grassland tracts near the channel.
Prompt action is often essential to successful recovery for our clients.
Prompt action is required to avoid the possibility of a salary overpayment.
Prompt action is required to avoid undue delay for all such contemplated water credit transfers.
Prompt action is required to facilitate the second public review.
Prompt action is required to rid a person of the insects and eggs.
Prompt action is required.
Prompt action saves lives and help assure a return to a normal lifestyle.
Prompt actions can reduce the chances of a fatal heart attack.
Prompt application is the best guarantee of success.
Prompt attendance is mandatory.
Prompt attendance is required .
Prompt attendance is required for all sessions.
Prompt attendance is required.
Prompt attention can mean the difference between a quick recovery and a lifetime of suffering.
Prompt attention is critical in preventing permanent damage.
Prompt attention is essential.
Prompt attention is given to every engineering problem and marketing coverage.
Prompt attention is given to our retail customers and our architect and builder clients alike.
Prompt attention is important to saving lives and to staving off brain damage.
Prompt attention is needed.
Prompt attention is required by individuals specifically trained to treat electrical injuries.
Prompt attention offers positive reinforcement and creates good habits.
Prompt booking is required to lock in any special pricing.
Prompt calls eliminate two chance option .
Prompt calls eliminate two chance option.
Prompt care is needed because the cut can easily become infected.
Prompt control is essential, as whitefly breed rapidly in a greenhouse.
Prompt decisions are in part a matter of efficient work habits.
Prompt delivery is assured.
Prompt delivery is essential.
Prompt delivery is our specialty.
Prompt detection prevents needless suffering.
Prompt determination is made regarding liability levels and exposures.
Prompt diagnosis facilitates appropriate management and therapy.
Prompt diagnosis is critical to reducing crop losses.
Prompt diagnosis is important to allow proper antibiotic treatment.
Prompt diagnosis is vital.
Prompt egress is the most critical factor to the saving of lives in many emergency situations.
Prompt email replies, a pleasure to do business with.
Prompt evaluation is now more bash compatible and handles even more complex prompts.
Prompt evaluation is particularly important for patients with TPN complications or liver disorders.
Prompt feedback goes directly to the legislature.
Prompt feedback is important to learning.
Prompt hemodialysis is recommended.
Prompt improvement is imperative.
Prompt initiation is essential.
Prompt intervention holds the best hope for benefit.
Prompt intervention is essential for the survival of our patients.
Prompt intervention is essential.
Prompt intervention is the greatest factor in recovery speed, irrespective of severity of condition.
Prompt investigation can often aid in the swift apprehension of offenders.
Prompt killing protects the welfare of the fish and improves the quality of the product.
Prompt mailing is guaranteed.
Prompt measures are essential.
Prompt movements are highly important.
Prompt notice is given for most committee meetings.
Prompt notice varies from jurisdiction to jurisdiction.
Prompt notification is needed to initiate contact tracing in a timely fashion.
Prompt obedience is the only result.
Prompt payment ensures that the hospital can continue to offer similar services to other patients.
Prompt payment helps considerably to establish good working relationships.
Prompt payment is a precondition to reinstatement.
Prompt payment is appreciated.
Prompt payment is desired.
Prompt payment is essential to hold the reservations.
Prompt payment is essential to support our program.
Prompt payment is essential.
Prompt payment is requested and appreciated.
Prompt payment is requested.
Prompt payment is required by users who incur charges for printing or other authorized fees.
Prompt payment is required.
Prompt payment is the obligation of the student.
Prompt prompt is used in conjunction with mget and mput .
Prompt questions require the student to respond with a single numeric or word response.
Prompt reassessments are one way of ensuring that.
Prompt recognition is critical since rapid cooling is the cornerstone of treatment.
Prompt recognition is critical since rapid cooling is the key to treatment.
Prompt recognition is essential.
Prompt reforestation helps protect our resources.
Prompt reforestation is the law in British Columbia.
Prompt refrigeration slows bacterial growth and keeps food fresh and edible.
Prompt registration helps avoid disappointment when classes fill quickly.
Prompt registration is essential since our classes have limited enrollment and many fill quickly.
Prompt registration is suggested as class sizes are limited.
Prompt registration is suggested as conference space is limited.
Prompt registration is therefore highly desirable.
Prompt registration is therefore necessary.
Prompt relocation is key because they can crawl out of the bags or vacuum canister.
Prompt remittance allows the contributions to be invested sooner.
Prompt removal can prevent problems before they start.
Prompt removal deprives illegal graffitists of the satisfaction of peer recognition.
Prompt removal helps prevent problems.
Prompt removal is recommended before the colony grows and stores considerable amounts of honey.
Prompt removal permits new fruits to form and grow.
Prompt removal reduces the chance of infection.
Prompt repair is usually less expensive in the long run.
Prompt replies are also important.
Prompt reply is much appreciated.
Prompt reply is promised.
Prompt response aims to prevent exclusions.
Prompt response ensures complete satisfaction.
Prompt response is critical in order to save lives.
Prompt response is crucial in any sort of loss.
Prompt response is mandatory to prevent heatstroke.
Prompt responses are essential for doing business abroad.
Prompt return is a good way to double check accuracy of schedules.
Prompt return is encouraged to avoid any conflict with the teaching schedules of other users.
Prompt return is imperative for the system to work.
Prompt review is needed to ensure environmental and public safety.
Prompt scrap is the steel left over from the manufacturing process.
Prompt service is gauranteed.
Prompt service is given to each watch upon receipt.
Prompt service is offered for facsimile and mail orders.
Prompt service is our goal.
Prompt service is so important if a business is to move forward strongly.
Prompt service needs to be part of any future contract.
Prompt settlement is appreciated.
Prompt settlement is made thirty business days from the date of the sale.
Prompt splenectomy is required if a diagnosis of splenic rupture is confirmed.
Prompt status is provided on unfilled rush requests.
Prompt support means the right support from line management when an incident happens.
Prompt surgery helps prevent additional nerve damage from infection or trauma.
Prompt surgery is required for testicular torsion .
Prompt treatment can avert more serious problems.
Prompt treatment can help prevent complications and more-serious infections.
Prompt treatment can mean the difference between life and death.
Prompt treatment can often prevent a minor injury from becoming worse or causing permanent damage.
Prompt treatment can prevent blindness.
Prompt treatment can prevent further problems.
Prompt treatment can prevent or at least slow the joint damage.
Prompt treatment can relieve pain, cure the infection and prevent permanent hearing loss.
Prompt treatment can restore blood flow to the brain and reduce the risk of tissue death.
Prompt treatment can result in long-term survival.
Prompt treatment can usually greatly reduce the long term consequences of the disease.
Prompt treatment helps prevent serious complications.
Prompt treatment increases the likelihood of a favorable outcome.
Prompt treatment is advised.
Prompt treatment is both a responsibility and an opportunity.
Prompt treatment is critical for complete recovery.
Prompt treatment is critical.
Prompt treatment is crucial toward preventing total vision loss.
Prompt treatment is essential due to the speed with which the infection spreads.
Prompt treatment is essential to a successful outcome.
Prompt treatment is essential to avoid more serious complications, especially in children .
Prompt treatment is essential to avoid more serious complications, especially in children.
Prompt treatment is essential.
Prompt treatment is imperative to prevent chronic laxity looseness in the thumb.
Prompt treatment is imperative to prevent chronic looseness in the thumb.
Prompt treatment is important to avoid more serious complications.
Prompt treatment is important to avoid the loss of teeth.
Prompt treatment is important.
Prompt treatment is indicated if the diagnosis is made early in the season.
Prompt treatment is necessary if the patient is to have a decent chance of survival.
Prompt treatment is necessary to prevent exacerbation.
Prompt treatment is necessary to prevent life- threatening complications.
Prompt treatment is necessary to prevent life-threatening complications.
Prompt treatment is necessary to salvage the affected testicle.
Prompt treatment is necessary.
Prompt treatment is often successful.
Prompt treatment is recommended when teeth are overcrowded.
Prompt treatment is required to avoid serious consequences.
Prompt treatment is very important because it can prevent vision loss.
Prompt treatment is vitally important.
Prompt treatment makes for prompt recovery.
Prompt treatment reduces progression of the disorder.
Prompt treatment saves lives.
Prompt treatment seems to be very effective with no lasting side effects.
Prompt turnaround is maintained regardless of the complexity of the manuscript.
Prompt vaccination following a bite can prevent rabies in humans.
Prompt wood is available almost everywhere and quoted prices are merely approximations.
A prompt is a cue
Prompt answers to e-mail inquires as well.
Prompt claims administration.
Prompt claims settlement is emphasized with premium costs reflective of the true exposures.
Prompt turn around on all productions.
Prompt turn around.
Prompts also allow students to create a thesis essay.
Prompts appear on the screen to help the user.
Prompts are best to do with pen and paper.
Prompts are cues.
Prompts are electronic communication.
Prompts are in a number of languages.
Prompts are relatively unintrusive and address a problem before it arises.
Prompts are relatively unintrusive and address a problem before it has been committed.
Prompts are simple requests for information before a markup structure has been finalized.
Prompts are useful to all teachers and students, especially novices to writing instruction.
Prompts are variables that prompt the user for the value that is to be assigned to the variable.
Prompts assist and help others by giving ideas or making suggestions.
Prompts can be a specific topic such as a season, place, event, or person.
Prompts can contain macros which expand to time, location or player information.
Prompts can serve as models as students begin developing their own topics.
Prompts guide employees through process.
Prompts guide users through each problem for fast and easy operation.
Prompts have a memory crowding effects which displace real information.
Prompts indicate when to talk and summarize.
Prompts inform the candidate of any potential illegal contributions.
Prompts Provides repetition and drill.
Prompts require author response.
Prompts user for all required information.
Prompts user for fractal parameters.
Prompts user for input or default acceptance.
Prompts user for message number and sets CurrentMsgNum accordingly.
Prompts vary according to the document type required.
All prompts are also cutomizable.
A promptbook is a script
Promptbooks are tricky, secretive, stubborn informants.
A prompter is an assistant
Prompter is a decision support tool for project planning.
A promptness is timing
Promptness counts in email.
Promptness invites impatience.
Promptness means always be on time.
Promptnesses are celerity.
Promulgated texts are also available on-line.
Promulgation is an act
Promulgation is to ensure that a newly enacted law becomes widely known by the public.
Promyelocytic leukemia is characterized by the presence of blasts with Auer rods and large granules.
All yall keep it real and keep tha playa hataz jealous.
A pronation is rotation
Pronation assist on posture and function in forearm and hand.
Pronation can be a major contributor to knee, hip and back pain.
Pronation compresses the contents of the sinus tarsi.
Pronation helps prevent injury by distributing the force of impact with the ground.
Pronation helps the foot absorb shock .
Pronation is a leaning inward of the ankles toward the center line.
Pronation is a natural cushioning mechanism.
Pronation is a natural, biomechanical motion of the foot.
Pronation is a slight inward rolling from the outside back of the heel to the inside forefoot.
Pronation is movement of the forearm in which the palm is turned posterior.
Pronation is the distinctive inward role of the foot as the arch collapses.
Pronation is the movement of crossing the radius over the ulna.
Pronation is when the feet slant inward while standing.
Pronation occurs when the foot flattens out when weight is applied.
Pronation occurs when the foot has excessive mobility, leading to flattening of the arch.
Pronation shortens the foot, which helps it to clear the ground.
Pronations are rotation.
Some pronation is normal and helps absorb shock, but excessive pronation can cause overuse injuries.
Some pronation is required.
Pronator drift is an indicator of upper motor neuron weakness.
A pronator is a muscle
Pronator teres .
Pronator teres accessorius.
Pronator teres muscle.
Pronator teres muscles arise from medial supracondylar ridges.
Pronators are muscles.
Prone position is very useful for working on the spine and the muscles of the back, hips and legs.
Prone shoulder raises.
Prone soldiers are easier to hit if the shooter has a height advantage.
Prone standers allow children with mobility impairments to stand upright.
Pronephric expression is indicated with a black arrow, and otic expression with a red arrow.
A prong is a projection
Prong isa structure.
Prongs are also unstable and are frequently dislodged when the patient sleeps.
Prongs are part of belt buckles.
Prongs are part of buckles.
Prongs are part of forks.
Prongs are part of tridents.
Prongs are projections.
Prongs have (part) bases.
Prongs have (part) sections.
Prongs slip into the wicker.
Prongs turn the cork which then can be worked out.
Prongs wear over time or can break from stress.
All prongs are strong and the ring is fine to wear.
Some prongs are part of belts.
Some prongs are part of buckles.
A pronghorn antelope is a ruminant
Pronghorn antelope are also in the area, and elk are occasionally observed.
Pronghorn antelope are native to the prairies of North America.
Pronghorn antelope are plentiful in south-central Montana.
Pronghorn antelope feed on forbs.
Pronghorn antelope graze the prairies.
Pronghorn antelope is a very coarse, soft, tender hair that is in goodsupply.
Pronghorn antelope replace deer and elk in some of the dry high-desert habitats along the road.
Pronghorn antelope species management plan.
Pronghorn antelope use open areas with little cover.
Pronghorn antelopes eat different things depending on the season.
Pronghorn antelopes roam north american steppes.
Pronghorn antelopes roam steppes.
Pronghorn bucks have nine scent glands and does have six.
Some pronghorn bucks have glands.
Some pronghorn bucks have scent glands.
Pronghorn country is dry country, much of it desert.
Pronghorn fawns prancing behind their mothers makes all seem right in the world.
Pronghorn hair is very brittle and is shed throughout the year.
Pronghorn metabolisms burn faster than a deer's, and much faster than an elk's.
Pronghorn movement is often dependent on the quality and quantity of the habitat.
Pronghorn numbers are on the rise.
Most pronghorn populations remain stable, but have experienced a historic decline.
A pronghorn is a ruminant
Pronghorn are a species of special concern in the park.
Pronghorn are active both day and night, and rely on vision to detect predators.
Pronghorn are amazing animals to say the least.
Pronghorn are antelope-like creatures found only in North America.
Pronghorn are at their best when seen live.
Pronghorn are beautiful animals.
Pronghorn are both diurnal and nocturnal.
Pronghorn are common in the winter and spring.
Pronghorn are found in open prairie and desert habitats in western North America.
Pronghorn are nomadic and often move seasonally over broad expanses of land.
Pronghorn are nomadic with seasonal movements often occurring over large areas.
Pronghorn are quite a unique species.
Pronghorn are reluctant to jump over fences.
Pronghorn are resilient wild ruminants native to North America.
Pronghorn are selective, opportunistic foragers.
Pronghorn are the fastest animals in the Western Hemisphere.
Pronghorn are the fastest running hoofed animal in north America.
Pronghorn are the only surviving member of their family and are neither antelopes nor goats.
Pronghorn are the only ungulate in the world that annually shed the horn sheath.
Pronghorn are wary and rely on vision, speed and escape.
Pronghorn are water hole sets or decoyed.
Pronghorn can spot objects on a ridgeline at great distances.
Pronghorn follow the same migration corridors year after year, generation after generation.
Pronghorn get their name from the prominent pair of horns they display on the top of their head.
Pronghorn have exceptional speed and eyesight.
Pronghorn have tan bodies with black faces.
Pronghorn isa ungulate.
Pronghorn require readily accessible water.
Pronghorn run so superbly that biologists have questioned what they're designed to run from .
Pronghorn run so superbly that biologists have questioned what they're designed to run from.
Pronghorns also have very good eyesight.
Pronghorns also use their feet in fighting off predators.
Pronghorns are a very curious and tamable species.
Pronghorns are also great distance runners that can travel for miles at half that speed.
Pronghorns are an extreme example of evolutionary specialization for high oxygen consumption.
Pronghorns are an important big games species in the western United States.
Pronghorns are easy prey due to their curiosity.
Pronghorns are herbivores and their diet consists of grass, vegetation, cacti, forbs, and shrubs.
Pronghorns are herbivores, eating stems, leaves, grasses and shrubs.
Pronghorns are herbivores.
Pronghorns are hoofed and horned animals.
Pronghorns are hunted throughout much of their natural range, but some subspecies are endangered.
Pronghorns are native to western North America.
Pronghorns are polygynous.
Pronghorns are relatively disease and parasite-free.
Pronghorns are ruminants.
Pronghorns are ruminants.
Pronghorns are small ungulates with barrel-shaped bodies.
Pronghorns are sociable animals and live in small herds.
Pronghorns are the only animals in the world who shed their horns annually.
Pronghorns are true American natives, found nowhere else in the world.
Pronghorns chew their cud.
Pronghorns consume three times the oxygen of similarly-sized animals.
Pronghorns detect movement.
Pronghorns eat grass , but also leaves and herbs .
Pronghorns eat grass, but also leaves and herbs.
Pronghorns eat many of the same foods, but spend most of their time in more open terrain.
Pronghorns feed entirely upon vegetation, chiefly shrubs and forbs.
Pronghorns feed on forbs and prairie shrubs.
Pronghorns feed on vegetation including cactus, sagebrush, and other various grasses.
Pronghorns form mixed-sex herds in the winter.
Pronghorns get enough water.
Pronghorns get water.
Pronghorns have (part) brains.
Pronghorns have (part) breasts.
Pronghorns have (part) cannon bones.
Pronghorns have (part) cell membranes.
Pronghorns have (part) cells.
Pronghorns have (part) chest cavities.
Pronghorns have (part) chests.
Pronghorns have (part) corpi.
Pronghorns have (part) cytoplasm.
Pronghorns have (part) ears.
Pronghorns have (part) faces.
Pronghorns have (part) heads.
Pronghorns have (part) hip sockets.
Pronghorns have (part) hoofs.
Pronghorns have (part) nuclei.
Pronghorns have (part) piluses.
Pronghorns have (part) plasma membranes.
Pronghorns have (part) rib cages.
Pronghorns have (part) second stomachs.
Pronghorns have (part) sections.
Pronghorns have (part) skulls.
Pronghorns have (part) sterna.
Pronghorns have (part) vacuoles.
Pronghorns have a distinct, musky odor.
Pronghorns have a particular fondness for flowers and fruits.
Pronghorns have a patch of white, erectile fur on their rumps that is visible at great distances.
Pronghorns have a strong herd instinct.
Pronghorns have a very strong herd instinct.
Pronghorns have backs.
Pronghorns have eyes.
Pronghorns have game-animal status in all of the western states.
Pronghorns have horns.
Pronghorns have lungs.
Pronghorns have scent glands that emit pheromones to attract or identify mates.
Pronghorns have vision.
Pronghorns live in the plains of Colorado.
Pronghorns live in the prairies and deserts of the central and western North American continent.
Pronghorns live primarily in grasslands but also in brushland and deserts.
Pronghorns mate each fall in the dry, open lands of western North America.
Pronghorns possess bodies.
Pronghorns prefer low, rolling topography in open grassland and sagebrush communities.
Pronghorns roam ranges.
Pronghorns spot predators.
Pronghorns successfully survive both bitter cold and desert heat equally well.
Pronghorns typically have twins.
Pronghorns use foregut fermentation with rumination to break down cellulose.
Pronghorns often move out of pastures that are heavily grazed by cattle to ungrazed areas.
Pronghorns sometimes cause damage to grain fields, alfalfa, and haystacks during the winter.
Most pronghorns detect movement.
Most pronghorns get enough water.
Most pronghorns get water.
Most pronghorns have backs.
Most pronghorns have eyes.
Most pronghorns have horns.
Most pronghorns have lungs.
Most pronghorns have vision.
Most pronghorns possess bodies.
Some pronghorns become prey.
Some pronghorns eat herbs.
Some pronghorns have capacity.
Some pronghorns have glands.
Some pronghorns survive on food.
Pronominal suffixes are used.
A pronominal is a phrase
Pronominals make no sex distinctions.
Pronotal tufts are usually absent or, at most, very loose and indistinct.
Pronoun development appears to be age appropriate.
Pronoun reference weakens when sentences include multiple potential antecedents.
A pronoun is a word
Pronouns also cause a problem in cases where the number of references to a keyword are counted.
Pronouns also have a specific case.
Pronouns are a common problem spot for writers.
Pronouns are also an issue when using gender-specific language.
Pronouns are function words.
Pronouns are generic words that have little meaning on their own.
Pronouns are little words, but they're often troublesome.
Pronouns are nouns.
Pronouns are parts of speech.
Pronouns are remarkable in how infrequently they are used.
Pronouns are special types of nouns .
Pronouns are special types of nouns.
Pronouns are special types of words.
Pronouns are useful for referring in more natural way to people in messages.
Pronouns are words that are used in the place of a noun .
Pronouns are words that replace nouns.
Pronouns are words used in place of nouns.
Pronouns Avoid the use of awkward or unpronounceable pronoun combinations.
Pronouns can be another problem area in effective communication.
Pronouns can cause many problems.
Pronouns can function as subjects in sentences or as objects.
Pronouns can make speaking and writing easier.
Pronouns can really reveal our point of view and our values.
Pronouns can take the place of the subject of a sentence.
Pronouns go before the entire verb as well, but after the non.
Pronouns have different forms according to how they are used in a sentence.
Pronouns have special genitive cases, all lacking apostrophes.
Pronouns have the same gender and number as the noun they are replacing.
Pronouns just replace nouns that have been mentioned already in a conversation or text.
Pronouns Look at the nouns below.
Pronouns prey on the poor in spirit.
Pronouns provide a form of shorthand.
Pronouns refer to the nearest noun of the same number.
Pronouns replace complete noun phrases .
Pronouns shift in gender, person, and number.
Pronouns take the place of a noun, whether stated explicitly or implied.
Pronouns take the place of nouns.
Pronouns Use a plural pronoun whenever possible to avoid gender bias.
Pronouns where used refer equally to both sexes.
Pronouns often use the dual number, which gradually disappears in other Germanic dialects.
All pronouns are in the correct case, gender, and number .
All pronouns are malleable.
All pronouns have antecedents.
Many pronouns can function as adjectives when they are followed by a noun.
Some pronouns are always singular, some always plural, and some depend on their use in the sentence.
Some pronouns can appear in more than one classification.
Some pronouns change their form, depending on whether they are subjects, objects, or possessives.
Some pronouns depend on the gender of the replaced person.
Some pronouns follow action verbs.
Some pronouns have nouns or pronouns to which they refer, called antecedents.
Pronounced amnesia is another commonly reported effect.
Pronounced dehydration can pose a life-threatening risk to the very young and very old.
Pronounced differences exist between a sealed record and a record that has been expunged.
More pronounced grains tend to give homes a more rustic appearance.
Pronounced instability is present.
Pronounced ridges step up on either side of the channeling face.
Pronounced thrombocytopenia carries a risk of bleeding.
Pronunciation can also be a problem.
Pronunciation can be a challenge at first.
Pronunciation can convey grammatical information.
Pronunciation contrasts in English.
Pronunciation deserves a separate analysis.
Pronunciation dies a slow death.
Pronunciation exercises and activities .
Pronunciation exercises and applied German phonetics.
Pronunciation exercises and exercises in linguistic correctness.
Pronunciation exercises as guided babbling.
Pronunciation focuses on individual needs of students.
Pronunciation helps and etymologies have been provided to clarify the Greek terms, in particular.
Pronunciation improves with experience.
Pronunciation is a matter of family tradition.
Pronunciation is a speech
Pronunciation is adequate, with some errors.
Pronunciation is also a tossup for some terms, like acronyms.
Pronunciation is also difficult as the value of consonants change depending upon adjacent vowels.
Pronunciation is also helpful during reading assignments.
Pronunciation is an additional skill that is developed.
Pronunciation is an important part of the basic language learning process.
Pronunciation is another barrier to our cross-Atlantic relationship.
Pronunciation is another matter.
Pronunciation is approximate to dipthong in aisle, or resembling that in day.
Pronunciation is clear and can be understood by all native speakers.
Pronunciation is consistent with that of the well-educated native speaker.
Pronunciation is critically important.
Pronunciation is difficult.
Pronunciation is equally important when it comes to learning a foreign language correctly.
Pronunciation is evaluated by notation according to a reference corpus.
Pronunciation is excellent.
Pronunciation is explained, and there are pull-out boxes with gems of etymology on certain words.
Pronunciation is given for all characters.
Pronunciation is good, but communication is even more the focus.
Pronunciation is important.
Pronunciation is in the popular real audio format.
Pronunciation is jerky and can be understood by native speakers only with difficulty.
Pronunciation is lengthened.
Pronunciation is Mandarin.
Pronunciation is natural.
Pronunciation is often a poor guide to spelling.
Pronunciation is often critical to the successful communication experience.
Pronunciation is reviewed including accurate sound production, word stress, and intonation.
Pronunciation is simple and regular, and spelling is phonetic.
Pronunciation is sometimes an obstacle to feeling comfortable with botanical names.
Pronunciation is speechs.
Pronunciation is the most variable aspect of English.
Pronunciation is the proper sounding of consonants, vowels and the accentuation of each syllable.
Pronunciation is understandable to natives used to dealing with foreigners.
Pronunciation is utterances.
Pronunciation is very good, with few, if any, errors.
Pronunciation is weak.
Pronunciation keys on all pages.
Pronunciation melt with an virtue so fix hansel and gretel.
Pronunciation melt with an virtue so fix hard labour.
Pronunciation occupy outside most furniture hardware.
Pronunciation sit Ten over theatre across whatever channel drain thus changed through a thieves.
Pronunciation skills with the goal of expressive singing in French.
Pronunciation turn against few free video poker las vegas.
Pronunciations are all same.
Pronunciations are approximate.
Pronunciations are in brackets.
Pronunciations are particularly susceptible to change.
Pronunciations change from generation to generation.
Some pronunciation maintains playfully disease.
Proof checkers are proof assistants which have to be supplied with all details of a proof.
Proof coins are the highest quality coins.
Proof coins differ from regular issue coins in two major ways.
Proof coins have brilliant mirror finishes and in most cases full detail is shown.
Proof corrections are disproportionately expensive.
Proof corrections are limited to typographical errors.
Proof corrections are to be done by return of post.
Proof nets are graphs satisfying certain well-formedness conditions.
Proof of age are on file with the individual gallery holders.
Proof of age is a document stating the birth date, including the year of birth.
Proof of age is a requirement of all enrolling students.
Proof of age is also a requirement.
Proof of age is enclosed.
Proof of age is located at our home office.
Proof of age is on file at our offices.
Proof of age is on file with the publisher of the images and is available upon written request.
Proof of age is on file.
Proof of age is required as set by state law.
Proof of age is required as well as citizenship or permanent resident status.
Proof of age is required at check-in.
Proof of age is required at registration.
Proof of age is required at the first class.
Proof of age is required at the point where alcohol is served.
Proof of age is required at time of registration.
Proof of age is required at time of ticketing.
Proof of age is required before final payment.
Proof of age is required by senior citizens for class entry.
Proof of age is required for alcohol purchase.
Proof of age is required for alcohol purchases.
Proof of age is required for all events.
Proof of age is required for elderly persons.
Proof of age is required for entrants.
Proof of age is required for new players.
Proof of age is required for teen and children s rates.
Proof of age is required if challenged, including the person issuing the challenge.
Proof of age is required in the bar area.
Proof of age is required to collect prize.
Proof of age is required to enable the institution to determine the person's eligibility to enroll.
Proof of age is required to purchase alcohol.
Proof of age is required to purchase any alcohol from Supermarket Liquors.
Proof of age is required to purchase beer at the festival.
Proof of age is required when purchasing a membership.
Proof of age is required with a certified birth certificate.
Proof of age is required.
Proof of citizenship consists of a valid passport.
Proof of citizenship includes valid passport or certified copy of birth certificate.
Proof of citizenship is essential .
Proof of citizenship is mandatory.
Proof of citizenship is necessary to cross the border into Mexico.
Proof of citizenship is needed.
Proof of citizenship is required .
Proof of citizenship is required at the time of hire .
Proof of citizenship is required at time of hire.
Proof of citizenship is required for registration.
Proof of citizenship is required for traveling in to Mexico.
Proof of citizenship is required when entering Canada.
Proof of citizenship is required.
Proof of concept is a major key to attracting investment in new technology.
Proof of concept is key.
Proofs of correctness are more hand-waving than proofs.
Proof of delivery is available on request.
Proof of delivery is available.
Proof of delivery is no proof.
Proof of delivery is offered for verification.
Proof of existence is one of the most tenuous threads in the business of divinity.
Proof of funds is required before the names of the countries are disclosed.
Proof of funds is required for all cash sales.
Proof of identity is required before information is released to any person, including a member.
Proof of identity is required by EMBs as a fraud control mechanism.
Proof of identity is required for everyone taking a private trip.
Proof of identity is required for international travel.
Proof of identity is required for replacement of a lost card.
Proof of identity is required to sit examinations.
Proof of identity is required when delivered.
Proof of identity is required.
Proofs of impossibility take the following form.
Proof of insurance has to be presented at the time of check-in.
Proof of insurance is available upon request.
Proof of insurance is good to have also.
Proof of insurance is mandatory.
Proof of insurance is necessary each time a student registers.
Proof of insurance is needed.
Proof of insurance is required and vehicles are to be returned with a full tank of gas.
Proof of insurance is required at each race.
Proof of insurance is required at time of applica-tion.
Proof of insurance is required before a permit can be issued.
Proof of insurance is required during Spring registration come prepared.
Proof of insurance is required for registration.
Proof of insurance is required if there is an accident.
Proof of insurance is required on all motor vehicle transactions.
Proof of insurance is required to be submitted along with the bid.
Proof of insurance is required to protect the club.
Proof of insurance is required to register a vehicle.
Proof of insurance is required to take the test.
Proof of insurance is required upon application for assistance.
Proof of insurance is required.
Proof Of Life is a fast-paced thriller.
Proof Of Life is no exception and although it is good, it is really frustrating much of the time.
Proof of payment is defined as the fronts and backs of canceled checks.
Proof of payment is needed for registration.
Proof of payment is needed to activate any restricted phone.
Proof of payment is required at the time of registration.
Proof of payment is required for all returns or exchanges.
Proof of payment is required in order to register at the conference and reserve accommodation.
Proof of payment is required on light rail.
Proof of payment is required to remove any block.
Proof of payment is required.
Proof of principle is complete.
Proof of purchase is an invoice from the Seller.
Proof of purchase is furnished when claim is filed.
Proof of purchase is mandatory.
Proof of purchase is necessary for a refund.
Proof of purchase is necessary to obtain a rebate.
Proof of purchase is needed.
Proof of purchase is presented in the form of sales receipts.
Proof of purchase is required at the time of repair, along with all parts of the damaged product.
Proof of purchase is required for all returned merchandise.
Proof of purchase is required for all returns.
Proof of purchase is required for all warranty claims.
Proof of purchase is required for redemption.
Proof of purchase is required for refund.
Proof of purchase is required in our shops.
Proof of purchase is required to obtain warranty performance.
Proof of purchase is required to process warranty.
Proof of purchase is required to receive warranty service during the warranty period.
Proof of purchase is required to release the goods.
Proof of purchase is required to validate protection under the limited warranty.
Proof of purchase is required to verify warranty period.
Proof of purchase is required.
Proof of purchase is supplied when a claim is filed.
Proof of service is attached.
Proof of service is required for all service.
Proof of service is required.
Proofs of work are an example of how cryptography can be applied to a concrete security application.
Proofs of work offer an easy way to recruit clients.
Proof quality sells.
Proof reading can only result in a higher grade.
Proof reading is a good thing.
Proof reading is for typesetting errors only.
Proof reading is particularly difficult for dyslexic people.
Proof reading is the last step and involves a final look at grammar, spelling and mechanics.
Proof residency is required.
Proof strength is the usable strength of the fastener.
Proof testing is to be included as part of the maintenance procedure.
Proof theory is fundamental for much of computing.
Proof theory is the study of certain kinds of symbol manipulation.
Proof can be a copy of bank statement or a letter from the parents indicating financial status.
Proof can be a log excerpt or a copy of the returned, e-mailed confirmation.
Proof can be in the form of either logical reasoning or evidence.
Proof can take the form of a current bank statement.
Proof can take various forms.
Proof comes from a very unexpected source.
Proof comes from real racing.
Proof comes in the form of a two story, half-court basketball area that occupies half of the barn.
Proof comes in the form of the baseball-only stadiums popping up throughout the country.
Proof comes later, in court.
Proof comes with doing.
Proof comes with supporting and concomitant evidence.
Proof consists of a physician's certificate or some other acceptable evidence of immunization.
Proof consists of carrier name and policy number in the space provided on the medical form.
Proof consists of providing a local username and password.
Proof copy in manuscript form before it goes to the designer.
Proof copy with revisions.
Proof depends on establishing certainty.
Proof die out most duck for guide wellbutrin and antihistamine.
Proof equals twice the percent of alcohol.
Proof expresses the proportion of alcohol in a beverage as twice the percent.
Proof Follows directly from the definitions of regular language and regular expression.
Proof follows in the TACF press release copied below.
Proof gets in the water.
Proof includes copies of pay stubs, award letters, bank statements or checks.
Proof includes novel skill performance.
Proof indicates Benefits into an spoon below a harbor.
Proof is a accurate representation of how a printed job is intended to look.
Proof is a big word in science.
Proof is a figment.
Proof is a fine drama of human interaction, marred only slightly by a facile ending.
Proof is a heartbreaking drama hiding behind a thin gauze of mathematical theory.
Proof is a non profit-making publication.
Proof is a sheet of printed material that is checked against the original manuscript.
Proof is a very difficult area for undergraduate mathematics students.
Proof is a winner.
Proof is a word associated with science that is commonly misapplied by nonscientists.
Proof is a word used to label a concept.
Proof is abstract concept.
Proof is again by the definition of an integral.
Proof is all over the financial pages.
Proof is also a love story, one the playwright handles in a fresh and funny way.
Proof is always a problem in sex discrimination complaints.
Proof is an invoice on new and upgrade purchases.
Proof is arguments.
Proof is as dull, routine and as eventful as a trip to the grocery store.
Proof is binary and absolute.
Proof is by contradiction.
Proof is by induction over the structure of expressions.
Proof is demonstrated with a copy of the purchase order or similar document.
Proof is desired.
Proof is developed carefully throughout the text with an emphasis on understanding.
Proof is emphasized.
Proof is equal to the percentage of alcohol multiplied by two.
Proof is especially difficult in cases concerning the denial of employment.
Proof is evidence
Proof is evidence.
Proof is explanations.
Proof is fairly straightforward.
Proof is for the courts of law, and for mathematicians.
Proof is general-purpose in two ways.
Proof is given of executions, mass jailings and other acts of cruelty.
Proof is given when possible and questionable data is also noted.
Proof is how mathematical truths are established.
Proof is impressions.
Proof is in how joyfully they greet any promise of a true-life experience.
Proof is in participation.
Proof is in the busy sessions that have been filled throughout the year.
Proof is in the certification.
Proof is in the contented look on clients' faces as they nod off after lunch.
Proof is in the finances.
Proof is in the form of return receipt.
Proof is in the mail. . .
Proof is in the numbers.
Proof is in the participation.
Proof is in the picture.
Proof is in the pudding.
Proof is in the research.
Proof is in the results.
Proof is in the scriptures.
Proof is in the wicked and terrible school shootings our nation has suffered.
Proof is in their destruction.
Proof is just a click away.
Proof is kept on file and available for inspection by government officials during business hours.
Proof is left to the reader.
Proof is lively indeed, the jokes about prime numbers notwithstanding.
Proof is measures.
Proof is no longer the issue, effective training is.
Proof is on file.
Proof is one of the main themes of the math major.
Proof is only possible in mathematics.
Proof is performance.
Proof is photographic print.
Proof is presented that houseflies come from either rotting meat or cow dung.
Proof is required before prize is awarded.
Proof is required for all name changes.
Proof is required to accompany all removal requests.
Proof is required upon check-in.
Proof is required upon enrollment.
Proof is required.
Proof is still scant that buyer brokers are a boon.
Proof is that the restaurant has been around a while, a thriving downtown address for many years.
Proof is the bottom line for everyone.
Proof is the job of the courts.
Proof is the justification of a mathematical statement within a formal system.
Proof is the Olympics.
Proof is twice the alcohol content.
Proof is two times the percentage of alcohol by volume.
Proof is unnecessary.
Proof is very, very hard to come by in historical study.
Proof is what real math is all about.
Proof is with the ants.
Proof is, as of yet, elusive.
Proof isa evidence.
Proof lead inside a discounts so sawed drive accessories.
Proof lead inside a discounts so sawed vorton.
Proof Let be a monotone bounded sequence.
Proof Let be the subset of for which the algorithm performs exactly l exchanges.
Proof Let P, x, y, and e be as in the statement of the lemma.
Proof Let R be the radius of the original circle.
Proof lies in historical fact.
Proof lies in the fact that today all America uses the Christian calendar.
Proof lies in the number of fertility clinics popping up.
Proof lies in the results.
Proof lose of most stranger however forgave bombay sport coat.
Proof maintains from that jets cap.
Proof making is one of the key ideas in mathematics.
Proof means proof beyond reasonable doubt.
Proof now exists that a driver can escape a burning racecar while wearing the device.
Proof now exists that significant information on the case is being withheld from the public.
Proof promote beyond an height indeed hang alcoholics anonymous.
Proof promote beyond an height indeed hang alec baldwin links.
Proof protect Language behind profit till all womens scarab pendant if say till none neighbor.
Proof protect Purchases above decisions till no twist since quit off one pencil.
Proof provides good example of strategies and ideas.
Proof read and use spell check for written assignments.
Proof reading never hurts.
Proof reading The final stage of the writing process is proof reading.
Proof reads lessons before the methods students actually teach the lesson.
Proof reads related documents, materials, records and files, as required.
Proof refers to the percentage of pure alcohol in a beverage.
Proof remains to be collected.
Proof requires truth.
Proof sounds grim, but it's actually funny.
Proof stands before the world today.
Proof swear opposite few decision finally lift bicycling accessory.
Proof tests the students' proofreading skills.
Proof thank during either division but let volleyball net sale.
Proof there is a real chef in the kitchen.
Proof westfalia vanagon.
Proofs also occur in silver and gold.
Proofs also teach the discipline of having a supporting reason for every statement.
Proofs appear in the appendix.
Proofs appear in the Appendix.
Proofs are about three times the size of the code.
Proofs are also available for viewing with the view proofs link on the left.
Proofs are available for both production and conformation traits.
Proofs are available for employees to review on-site.
Proofs are available in a short peroid of time for anyone that requires it.
Proofs are available in accordance with their original mintage.
Proofs are available in either contact sheets or economy prints.
Proofs are available in one hour and studio packages are finished in just two days.
Proofs are available prior to printing only in request from the advertiser.
Proofs are available upon request for a fee.
Proofs are available upon request.
Proofs are basically unchanged in ratings and values.
Proofs are dead objects.
Proofs are due on or before the published materials deadline for the specified issue.
Proofs are enormously difficult to memorise.
Proofs are essays.
Proofs are for corrections of errors only.
Proofs are necessary.
Proofs are objects which can be viewed, and serve as readable explanations of theorems.
Proofs are ok.
Proofs are prints authorized by the artist in addition to the limited signed and numbered edition.
Proofs are ready in one hour.
Proofs are simply too long and too overwhelming for students.
Proofs are standard prints.
Proofs are the sine qua non of mathematics.
Proofs are usually dry, dusty stuff sprinkled liberally with symbols.
Proofs based upon such specifications are often very complex and subtle.
Proofs can be smaller than actual size.
Proofs complement the limitations of testing.
Proofs constitute an important part of the course.
Proofs cost money, so take into consideration how important it is that the color is accurate.
Proofs found by programs are always questionable.
Proofs go to authors.
Proofs help students become better communicators.
Proofs maintain absolute data integrity, including fonts, style, logos, graphs and photography.
Proofs occur only in mathematics.
Proofs produced directly from film negatives are preferred.
Proofs Provide a positive proof with all ads.
Proofs require a logical and organized approach.
Proofs require special handling and extra steps in the minting process.
Proofs require two days.
Proofs save disappointments.
Proofs show a very competent and thorough publication.
Proofs work and makes changes as necessary.
Proofs yield scripts that can be edited, attached to additional formulas, and rerun.
All proofs are carried out in a constructive way, an analysis of the space complexity is provided.
All proofs are for grammar and spelling correction only.
All proofs are free.
All proofs rely on some assumptions.
All proofs require extreme rigour in their explanation.
Every proof is a path through the directed graph induced by the axioms.
Every proof rests upon the unproven, the postulate, the created.
Every proof starts with an application of the 'Rule of Assumptions' .
Many proofs consist of one or two ideas and a lot of supporting detail.
More proof is needed.
Most proofs are constructive in nature.
Some proof ignores knowledge.
Some proof indicates approval.
Some proof shows heartburn.
Some proofs are easier, and some are harder.
A proofreader is a pressman
Proofreaders also check for typographical and grammatical errors.
Proofreaders are culturally elite people.
Proofreaders are printers.
Proofreaders can make all the difference.
Proofreaders carefully read documents to detect errors.
Proofreaders ensure the highest quality in Braille transcription is maintained.
Proofreaders function within relatively strict limits.
Proofreaders tend to miss more errors when they proof on screen than when they use hard copy.
Proofreaders then perform their job.
Proofreaders sometimes use a second method of proofreading.
Many proofreaders use the following method to proofread.
A prop is support
Props also add in the fun.
Props also make the role play fun.
Props appeal to people's sense of sight, touch and sometimes smell.
Props are a hoot.
Props are a way of thinking metaphorically.
Props are all set, the performers change to costumes, and the sound system is checked.
Props are also available for creating a unique studio setting.
Props are available in plastic, aluminum, or copper alloy.
Props are deference.
Props are great in the park.
Props are hollow thick latex.
Props are mechanical devices.
Props are minimal so that the entire focus is on the puppets themselves.
Props are minimal.
PRoPs are minimalist robotic avatars that roam the real world.
Props are most effective when they're used to provide a change of pace.
Props are natural conversation starters.
Props are now adjustable and made of composite materials.
Props are often immediately distinguishable from their fellow players.
Props are only de-coupled for taxi operation.
Props are parts.
Props are physical objects used to illustrate something.
Props are random objects used for many things.
Props are rare and abbreviated, mere hints at the existence of the objects they represent.
Props are simple to make.
Props are support.
Props are the student's responsibility.
Props are things that are added or removed a setting.
Props are things used to help tell a story or set a scene.
Props are to be stored in a section down in the tunnel.
Props are very important in a stage production.
Props are vital and too often overlooked.
Props can also be imaginary and pantomimed.
Props can also enhance a photo.
Props can be real or fabricated from lighter materials like cardboard and plywood.
Props can be things mentioned in a child's favorite book.
Props can evoke a subtle layer of the story.
Props can set a mood or help define the subject's personality.
Props can sometimes take away from the product.
Props come in many sizes in shapes.
Props consist of hand props as well as many items of stage, set, and scenery.
Props do too.
Props Establish a definite environment.
Props fall off, clutches burn out, pumps seize, demand valves free-flow.
Props go out to the chimphk crew for representing the chimp in the boonies.
Props go to every hacker, phreaker,anarchist on earth.
Props help make a book seem real.
Props keep little hands busy.
Props list includes anything the actor touches or indicates by speech.
Props make it stick out.
Props mate, props.
Props rental is easy at Dallas' finest prop house.
Props SNAP staff use several props to help teach about prairies.
PRoPs strive to provide the sensation of tele-embodiment in a remote real space.
Props Use props.
Props used by rhythmic gymnasts include rope, hoops, balls, clubs and ribbon.
All props are electrically lit in varied colors and trick is done in Black Out.
All props are electricly lit in various colors and the trick is done in blackout.
All props are freestanding and battery operated.
All props are washable.
Every prop is inspected at every stage during the processes.
Most props are nothing more than business card stock with the item descriptions on it.
Some props are benign.
Some props are determined by lifestyle, some are just personal quirks.
Some props are interactive when opened and visual and audio messages are activated.
Propaganda campaigns involve coordinating a large number of activities, creating risks of leaks.
Propaganda films are the cornerstone of drug policy.
Propaganda techniques encourage people to react emotionally instead of logically.
Propaganda abounds without verifiable sources.
Propaganda becomes a category of the dominant ideology as needs arise.
Propaganda can be pleasatn.
Propaganda can be present in any form of communication.
Propaganda can be truthful, or it can lie to help win a war.
Propaganda can indeed be an effective weapon.
Propaganda can inform.
Propaganda comes in various forms, often via manipulative advertising campaigns.
Propaganda comes into psychology as a judgment made by others.
Propaganda does tend to make disputes last longer , and be more difficult to resolve .
Propaganda does tend to make disputes last longer, and be more difficult to resolve.
Propaganda fails when trust fails, often leading to an effect opposite of that desired.
Propaganda features exclusive news, stories and photographs.
Propaganda feeds neither soul, nor mind. nor body.
Propaganda has only one object - to conquer the masses.
Propaganda implies some controlling body using media for a specific information agenda.
Propaganda instils into the masses faith, drive and a thirst for the greatness of the community.
Propaganda is a great, difficult and noble art, therefore it calls for a genius.
Propaganda is a powerful weapon.
Propaganda is a recognized tool of war.
Propaganda is a revolutionary-political concept.
Propaganda is a tool to persuade others to join a crusade.
Propaganda is a tricky matter to define.
Propaganda is a useful tool for influencing popular opinion.
Propaganda is a very interesting site.
Propaganda is a very powerful tool.
Propaganda is an effective yet imprecise weapon.
Propaganda is an intelligence function.
Propaganda is an interesting use of statistics regardless.
Propaganda is another item that was used in the Russian revolution.
Propaganda is another name for speech in favour or against some point of view.
Propaganda is any rumor, idea, or fact which is spread in order convince someone of something.
Propaganda is based on trust while education is based on reasonable persuasion.
Propaganda is carried out through newspapers, radio, television, films, and the educational system.
Propaganda is disseminated while an individual's every movement is continuously recorded.
Propaganda is essentially a public affair.
Propaganda is essentially an on-line textbook of propaganda analysis.
Propaganda is everywhere.
Propaganda is falsehood disseminated for the purpose of achieving a social end.
Propaganda is good if it is successful, if it reaches the group of people for which it is intended.
Propaganda is History.
Propaganda is important . . .
Propaganda is in the air.
Propaganda is information presented in order to influence a reader.
Propaganda is information
Propaganda is information.
Propaganda is investigated as it offers a perspective on the nature of communication.
Propaganda is like advertising in some ways .
Propaganda is like advertising in some ways.
Propaganda is misinformation with an attached agenda.
Propaganda is most fascinating after the fact.
Propaganda is much more effective when it is combined with terror.
Propaganda is necessary.
Propaganda is on the left.
Propaganda is one of a government's most important weapons.
Propaganda is persuasion that resorts to deception and manipulation to induce belief.
Propaganda is propaganda.
Propaganda is rampant and truth hard to find.
Propaganda is simply an engine for influencing the masses toward the point of view of the governing.
Propaganda is spread denying the ability of the police and the courts to provide justice.
Propaganda is still one of the better clubs in town.
Propaganda is the art of presenting half-truths as the whole truth.
Propaganda is the band's official fanclub, and the name of the official fanclub magazine.
Propaganda is the military word for it.
Propaganda is the most effective form of mind control.
Propaganda is the successor to knowledge.
Propaganda is therefore the purpose.
Propaganda is to democracy what violence is to totalitarianism.
Propaganda is used by every society in times of war.
Propaganda is used to instill fear and despair.
Propaganda is usually full of lies and half-truths.
Propaganda is very effective in curtailing resistance to a regime in power.
Propaganda is, after all, used to great effect by all governments.
Propaganda issued by hunting enthusiasts claim that mountain lions kill pets and live stock.
Propaganda leaflets Even more propaganda posters.
Propaganda means giving suggestions about changing things.
Propaganda plays the supreme role in the Russian army.
Propaganda precedes technology.
Propaganda presents only one side and tries to influence the listener's opinion.
Propaganda relies on the use of definitive statements and simple messages.
Propaganda serves no good deed in seeking the truth.
Propaganda teaches Communist theory, philosophy, organization and doctrine.
Propaganda thus differs fundamentally from scientific analysis.
Propaganda touting the consumption of junk food is now commonplace in the nation's schools.
Propaganda usually makes biased use of facts and opinions.
All propaganda is a systematic effort to persuade.
A propagandist is a communicator
Propagandists agree with their counterparts.
Propagandists are communicators.
Propagandists argue by declaration, relying on intensity and relative ubiquity of belief.
Propagandists follow close behind.
Propagandists have to listen to their audience very, very closely.
Propagandists recognises and exploits existing values and prejudices to there own ends.
Propagandists seize every opportunity to get their message across.
Some propagandists play on pride.
Propagate constants Assume that the work list is operated like a stack.
Propagation delay has a very important role to play.
Propagation delay is based on the speed of light.
Propagation delay is significant.
Propagation delay is the time it takes the physical signal to traverse the path.
Propagation delay is the time loss between when the signal is transmitted and when it is received.
Propagation also requires a healthy, growing, host colony.
Propagation based constraint languages and tools are widely available.
Propagation can be a bit slow.
Propagation can be by seed or vegetatively.
Propagation can be by seed, air layering, or grafting.
Propagation can be from transplanting, rhizome cuttings or seeding.
Propagation can be via sexual or asexual means.
Propagation continues until a fused array is encountered.
Propagation controls for true pavlovian conditioning.
Propagation is a challenge in nursery production.
Propagation is a good idea for many reasons.
Propagation is a quick and simple process.
Propagation is a simple matter.
Propagation is accomplished primarily by seed.
Propagation is accomplished through seed, cuttings, or division.
Propagation is achieved by seed and division.
Propagation is achieved only by soft wood cuttings.
Propagation is achieved through sowing the seeds midsummer .
Propagation is adiabatic except in the packet.
Propagation is advised.
Propagation is afoot.
Propagation is also easy from dormant root cuttings .
Propagation is also possible by stem or root cutting and stump sprouts.
Propagation is also possible from offshoots which grow from the trunk of the tree.
Propagation is also possible from seed, but the offspring tend to be quite variable in quality.
Propagation is also very different from the lower amateur bands.
Propagation is best by seed.
Propagation is best from cuttings although seed is also successful.
Propagation is best from cuttings which strike readily.
Propagation is best from seed when ripe, or sown in spring.
Propagation is best in spring for seeds.
Propagation is by air layering and by cuttings .
Propagation is by air layering or stem tip cuttings.
Propagation is by budding or grafting to seedling rootstock.
Propagation is by budding.
Propagation is by bulblets produced by large corms.
Propagation is by cane cuttings, stem tip cuttings or air layering done in spring or early summer.
Propagation is by cane cuttings.
Propagation is by cutting or seed.
Propagation is by cutting or seeds, both of which are slow.
Propagation is by cutting.
Propagation is by cuttings of fresh green shoots.
Propagation is by cuttings of half ripe wood taken in spring or early summer.
Propagation is by cuttings of non-flowering shoots in spring.
Propagation is by cuttings or grafting but both methods are difficult.
Propagation is by cuttings or grafting.
Propagation is by cuttings or grafts.
Propagation is by cuttings or seed.
Propagation is by cuttings stuck directly in the ground or by small fleshy root pieces.
Propagation is by cuttings taken any time during the year.
Propagation is by cuttings taken in summer or by division in the spring.
Propagation is by cuttings taken in the spring or by offsets.
Propagation is by cuttings, runners and division.
Propagation is by cuttings, seeds or offsets.
Propagation is by cuttings.
Propagation is by division after flowering or by seed.
Propagation is by division as it comes into spring growth or by seed.
Propagation is by division as they come into growth or by seed.
Propagation is by division done in the spring or fall.
Propagation is by division in autumn but is needed only to get new plants.
Propagation is by division in early spring or spore.
Propagation is by division in spring or autumn but is needed only to get new plants.
Propagation is by division in spring or autumn, or seed.
Propagation is by division in spring or by runners.
Propagation is by division in spring or fall or by stem cuttings.
Propagation is by division in spring or fall.
Propagation is by division in spring with each division needing a growing point.
Propagation is by division in the autumn.
Propagation is by division in the spring.
Propagation is by division of root stock or leaf cuttings.
Propagation is by division of roots or by seeds.
Propagation is by division of roots, which increase very quickly.
Propagation is by division of strong plants at the beginning of the growing season.
Propagation is by division of the roots which can be done as soon as the plants finish flowering.
Propagation is by division of the tubers or from seed.
Propagation is by division or leaf section cuttings.
Propagation is by division or seed but the latter can be variable.
Propagation is by division or seed, both done in spring.
Propagation is by division, but the plant is slow to recover and is best left alone.
Propagation is by division, cuttings or seed.
Propagation is by division, or summer stem cuttings.
Propagation is by division, seed or cuttings.
Propagation is by division, seed or root cuttings, all done in spring.
Propagation is by division, seed, or cuttings.
Propagation is by division, seeds, or cuttings made from terminals.
Propagation is by division, stem cuttings, tip cuttings, air layers or seed.
Propagation is by division.
Propagation is by early summer cuttings, taken while the wood is still hardening.
Propagation is by easily rooted softwood stem tip cuttings.
Propagation is by fresh seed in fall just pressed into the soil as it needs light to germinate.
Propagation is by fresh seed or by cuttings.
Propagation is by inserting plugs of sod.
Propagation is by leaf cuttings, division, or seed.
Propagation is by leaf petiole cuttings or by division.
Propagation is by means of seed only.
Propagation is by means of seeds, which retain viability many months when kept dry.
Propagation is by natural increase of corms, which multiply rapidly in rich soil.
Propagation is by offsets and seeds.
Propagation is by offsets or by seed.
Propagation is by offsets or seed.
Propagation is by offsets produced at the base of the plant.
Propagation is by offsets removed and potted up in spring or summer.
Propagation is by offsets removed at planting time or by root division.
Propagation is by offsets.
Propagation is by planting pieces of the stolons or sod pieces.
Propagation is by planting rooted stems and runners.
Propagation is by planting sections of the rooted runners with the crowns.
Propagation is by planting stolons or from seed.
Propagation is by plantlets produced at the base of the plant.
Propagation is by plantlets produced at the leaf margins.
Propagation is by removing and rooting suckers when repotting.
Propagation is by root cuttings taken in the fall, potted, and placed in a cold frame.
Propagation is by root division and by stem cuttings sliced and put in perlite boxes.
Propagation is by root division or seed, and self-sown seedlings often appear in open ground.
Propagation is by root division.
Propagation is by rooting stem or tip cuttings.
Propagation is by runner plants and division.
Propagation is by seed and cuttings, and trees coppice well.
Propagation is by seed and cuttings.
Propagation is by seed and it responds well to being planted as a crop.
Propagation is by seed and offsets.
Propagation is by seed and there are a number of ornamental cultivars for the home garden.
Propagation is by seed only.
Propagation is by seed or bulblets formed around flowering plants.
Propagation is by seed or by division done after flowering.
Propagation is by seed or by division from established plants in autumn.
Propagation is by seed or by division of plants.
Propagation is by seed or by layering the stems in spring.
Propagation is by seed or cuttings which strike readily.
Propagation is by seed or cuttings.
Propagation is by seed or division in autumn.
Propagation is by seed or division in the spring.
Propagation is by seed or division of clumps.
Propagation is by seed or division, but seed is more reliable.
Propagation is by seed or division.
Propagation is by seed or grafting .
Propagation is by seed or hardwood cuttings.
Propagation is by seed or planting stolons.
Propagation is by seed or softwood cuttings.
Propagation is by seed or stem tip cuttings.
Propagation is by seed or well ripened summer cuttings.
Propagation is by seed planted directly into the garden or started early indoors.
Propagation is by seed planted directly into the garden or the tubers.
Propagation is by seed planted directly into the garden to avoid transplanting difficulties.
Propagation is by seed planted in mid-summer.
Propagation is by seed planted in the spring, or by division done in spring or autumn.
Propagation is by seed sown directly in the garden.
Propagation is by seed sown directly into the garden as the plants dislike transplanting.
Propagation is by seed sown directly into the garden.
Propagation is by seed sown either inside or directly in the garden.
Propagation is by seed sown in spring in a sandy seedling mix.
Propagation is by seed sown in spring or early summer.
Propagation is by seed started early indoors.
Propagation is by seed started inside.
Propagation is by seed, and the Silver Maple prefers cool, moist soil with a high water table.
Propagation is by seed, cuttings and air layering.
Propagation is by seed, cuttings, and root-cuttings.
Propagation is by seed, cuttings, and side shoots.
Propagation is by seed, division and cuttings.
Propagation is by seed, division and root cuttings.
Propagation is by seed, division of the clumps, or by root cuttings.
Propagation is by seed, division or cuttings.
Propagation is by seed, division or root cuttings.
Propagation is by seed, division, or root cuttings.
Propagation is by seed, or division done in autumn or early spring.
Propagation is by seed, root cuttings, division and softwood cuttings.
Propagation is by seed, summer cuttings, or grafts.
Propagation is by seed, which is usually harvested from native stands.
Propagation is by seed.
Propagation is by seeding.
Propagation is by seeds and suckers.
Propagation is by seeds but generally from cuttings in the summer and airlayering.
Propagation is by seeds or cuttings made from an erect terminal.
Propagation is by seeds or cuttings.
Propagation is by seeds or division of the plant.
Propagation is by seeds sown in spring, or by division done in spring.
Propagation is by seeds, as well as division of clumps and separation of suckers from parent clump.
Propagation is by seeds, stem cuttings in summer, hardwood cuttings in winter, or layers.
Propagation is by seeds.
Propagation is by semi-hardwood cuttings taken in early summer.
Propagation is by semiripe cuttings in summer, by seed, or by division in autumn or spring.
Propagation is by slow rooting, semi-hardwood cuttings.
Propagation is by small cuttings of half-ripe tip growth.
Propagation is by sod pieces.
Propagation is by soft tip cuttings.
Propagation is by softwood stem cuttings.
Propagation is by spores.
Propagation is by spring division of clumps and spores.
Propagation is by spring division of the rhizomatous mats or spore.
Propagation is by spring division of the rhizomes or by spore.
Propagation is by spring division or spore.
Propagation is by starting plantlets.
Propagation is by stem cuttings and by tuber division.
Propagation is by stem cuttings for the white stem cultivar.
Propagation is by stem cuttings or by offsets, depending on the type of philodendron grown.
Propagation is by stem cuttings or from seeds.
Propagation is by stem cuttings taken in spring or summer.
Propagation is by stem cuttings.
Propagation is by stem or leaf bud cuttings, and air layering.
Propagation is by stem tip cuttings taken at any time during the year.
Propagation is by stem tip cuttings taken at any time of the year.
Propagation is by stem tip cuttings taken from non- flowering shoots.
Propagation is by stem tip cuttings taken in spring.
Propagation is by stem tip cuttings taken in the fall.
Propagation is by stem tip cuttings.
Propagation is by stem tip or leaf bud cuttings.
Propagation is by stem tip, or leaf bud, cuttings rooted with bottom heat.
Propagation is by stem tip, or root cuttings.
Propagation is by suckers, or green wood cuttings taken in summer.
Propagation is by the division of old clumps.
Propagation is by tubers or seed.
Propagation is by unhusked ripe nuts.
Propagation is continuous rather than discreet.
Propagation is defined as the increase of plant species from one generation to the next.
Propagation is difficult from seed but cuttings strike very easily.
Propagation is difficult from seed but usually presents no difficulty from cuttings.
Propagation is dissemination.
Propagation is done by clipping and replanting leaders which it sends towards the light.
Propagation is done by dividing the plant.
Propagation is done by replanted clippings from the root system.
Propagation is done by replanted stems.
Propagation is done by replanting the leaders.
Propagation is done by replanting the seeds.
Propagation is done by replanting the stems.
Propagation is done by seed in early spring.
Propagation is done by sowing seed in late spring or early summer or by dividing in early spring.
Propagation is done in the lab through tissue culture or from seed.
Propagation is done in three ways, by seed, by division of roots and by cuttings.
Propagation is done most easily by division.
Propagation is done through seeds, cuttings and layering.
Propagation is easiest by division of an established plant.
Propagation is easiest by taking cuttings as it begins to grow in the spring.
Propagation is easiest with stem cuttings.
Propagation is easy and quick.
Propagation is easy by cuttings or seed.
Propagation is easy by seed or cuttings.
Propagation is easy from both seed and cuttings.
Propagation is easy from cuttings and seed also germinates well from fresh seed.
Propagation is easy from cuttings and side shoots.
Propagation is easy from cuttings but seed can be slow to germinate.
Propagation is easy from cuttings or by transplanting suckers.
Propagation is easy from cuttings taken at any time of the year.
Propagation is easy from cuttings taken when new growth has begun to harden off.
Propagation is easy from cuttings which usually strike reliably and quickly.
Propagation is easy from cuttings, using young stem tips at a half-ripe stage.
Propagation is easy from cuttings.
Propagation is easy from seed and cuttings are also successful.
Propagation is easy from seed or cuttings.
Propagation is easy from seed.
Propagation is easy.
Propagation is effected in autumn or spring, by division of the root-stocks.
Propagation is either by seed or by division of plants.
Propagation is enabled by default.
Propagation is essential.
Propagation is extremely poor.
Propagation is fairly easy from cuttings.
Propagation is fairly simple from seed.
Propagation is from cutting as seeds are dificult to germinate.
Propagation is from cuttings of large stems or from side shoots, which can easily be detached.
Propagation is from cuttings using a gritty, sandy, gravelly earth.
Propagation is from from seed, which germinates readily, or cuttings.
Propagation is from seed and can be fairly long-lived under garden conditions.
Propagation is from seed or by division of mature clumps.
Propagation is from seed or cuttings.
Propagation is from seed or tip cuttings using new season's growth.
Propagation is from seed which germinates readily in three to five weeks.
Propagation is from seed which germinates readily when fresh.
Propagation is from seed which germinates readily.
Propagation is from seed.
Propagation is from seeds or cutting.
Propagation is from softwood stem cuttings.
Propagation is from stem cuttings.
Propagation is generally by seed.
Propagation is generally by seeds.
Propagation is mainly by propagules.
Propagation is more commonly from root sprouts.
Propagation is natural and rapid.
Propagation is natural, but can be implemented by splitting and replanting a portion of the plant.
Propagation is natural.
Propagation is necessary to keep the plant growing.
Propagation is never instantaneous, so absolute determinism is broken, leaving relative determinism.
Propagation is normally from seed.
Propagation is physical phenomenons.
Propagation is possible by both using seeds or cuttings .
Propagation is possible from cuttings.
Propagation is possible from seeds and cuttings.
Propagation is possible from seeds, cuttings or root divisions.
Propagation is possible only through the pollen.
Propagation is primarily by seed.
Propagation is primarily by stolons and rhizomes and less commonly by seed.
Propagation is procreation
Propagation is quite a simple matter.
Propagation is quite easy by seeds or cuttings.
Propagation is rather difficult.
Propagation is reasonably easy from both seed and cuttings.
Propagation is reasonably easy from cuttings using firm, current season's growth.
Propagation is relatively easy from both seed and cuttings.
Propagation is relatively easy from cuttings.
Propagation is relatively easy, however, and can be done from either division or seed.
Propagation is reported to be reasonably easy from seed.
Propagation is reported to be relatively easy from seed.
Propagation is reproduction that is deliberately controlled or manipulated.
Propagation is said to be by e-mail attachments.
Propagation is simple as the capsules often begin to shoot in storage before sowing.
Propagation is simple from cuttings in early to midsummer.
Propagation is simple.
Propagation is slow, but emission is continuous.
Propagation is spotty at best.
Propagation is the mating of male lions and lionesses to create cubs.
Propagation is the method of making multiple hybrids from one plant.
Propagation is the process of creating new plants from a variety of sources.
Propagation is the production of new plants.
Propagation is through grafting.
Propagation is through seedling, direct sowing and root suckers.
Propagation is through sod or plugs.
Propagation is time consuming but effective.
Propagation is typically from seed.
Propagation is usually by cuttings as seed has proved to be unreliable.
Propagation is usually by division, but the minute reed can be planted in pots in water.
Propagation is usually by seed planted into the garden in late summer.
Propagation is usually by seed.
Propagation is usually by seeds, which can be kept no longer than a month before planting.
Propagation is usually from basal offshoots.
Propagation is usually from seed which germinates well without any pretreatment.
Propagation is usually from seed, which can be variable.
Propagation is usually from seed.
Propagation is usually through planting of live sprigs, rather than seed.
Propagation is when plants are reproduced and more plants are made.
Propagation means the spreading of ideas.
Propagation modelling using normal mode and parabolic equation techniques is employed.
Propagation now takes only a matter of minutes.
Propagation occurs by bound ion radicals which are fixed to a catalyst surface.
Propagation occurs by seed or radical suckers.
Propagation occurs either by seed or by rooted suckers that the tree naturally releases.
Propagation occurs naturally, but can be done by simple separating part of the plant.
Propagation really stinks lately.
Propagation remains complex and seedling growth is slow the first year.
Propagation requires a minimum of effort and equipment.
Propagation skills a distinct advantage.
Propagation takes some special treatment.
Propagation usually is by cuttings.
Most propagation is by seed but blue spruce can be grafted or grown from rooted cuttings.
Most propagation is by seed, although both rooting and grafting has been successful.
Most propagation is by seed, although both rooting and grafting have been successful.
Most propagation is by seed, although the species grafts quite easily.
Most propagation is by seed.
Most propagation is done from cuttings during the early part of summer and spring.
Most propagation occurs in winter, using rootstocks grown from the previous summer's production.
Propane gas appears to be the likely fuel source.
Propane gas can ignite easily.
Propane gas has an odorant added to help identify any gas leak.
Propane gas is a gas derived from oil.
Propane gas is available from a number of distributors throughout the county.
Propane gas is available in bulk quantities at competitive prices.
Propane gas is available.
Propane gas is converted into carbon dioxide at just the right temperature and humidity.
Propane gas is heavier than air.
Propane gas is produced in America.
Propane gas is readily available.
Propane gas is today's best value in water heating.
Propane gas is used as fuel, with an agent to produce artificial smoke.
Propane gas is used to create the flame effects.
Propane gas liquefied by cooling is a much, much better cryo-agent than is isopentane.
Propane gas runs the wall heater, stove, oven, refrigerator, hot water, and two emergency lights.
Propane grills are dangerous when they leak.
Propane grills are ideal for barbecuing and grilling meats and vegetables.
Propane grills are portable, unlike other gas grills.
Propane tank is buried in back yard.
Propane tank is hidden inside patio heaters base.
Propane tank is owned.
Propane tank refills.
Propane tanks are the property of the propane company.
Propane tanks can catch on fire or explode.
Propane tanks can explode under certain conditions.
Propane tanks can freeze when fuel is withdrawn too rapidly for the tank volume.
Propane tanks require a separate permit.
Propane torches create lead fumes in the very process of taking off old paint.
Propane also heats asphalt for highway construction and repairs.
Propane also is known as liquified petroleum gas.
Propane also requires lots of additional air for complete and efficient combustion.
Propane can also result in tailpipe emission benefits similar to a compressed natural gas.
Propane can be either a liquid or a gas.
Propane can improve air quality and is a readily available fuel.
Propane can leak, posing a risk of fire, explosion and burn injuries.
Propane can leak, posing a risk of fire, explosion, and burn injuries.
Propane comes from natural gas and petroleum wells.
Propane comes in bottles or tanks, requiring replacement or refilling at some point.
Propane comes in disposable tanks.
Propane comes in high pressure canisters.
Propane contains no aromatic compounds, and produces no benzene and particulate emissions.
Propane contains three carbon atoms and eight hydrogen atoms.
Propane continues to be a clean, efficient fuel choice more people in our state are turning to.
Propane creates enormous heat so the burns can be very deep or even lethal.
Propane does require some special attention to venting, trapping leaked gas etc.
Propane even reduces emissions in vehicles without emission control devices.
Propane fuels the plant's forklift trucks and is a backup heating fuel.
Propane goes to regulator via hoses.
Propane has a low flammability range.
Propane has a narrow range of flammability when compared with other petroleum products.
Propane has a slight dipole moment because it is bent.
Propane has greater freezing speeds making vitrification possible.
Propane has the following vapor pressures.
Propane has the lowest flammability range of any alternative fuel.
Propane has the lowest flammability rating of any alternative fuel.
Propane has three carbon atoms chained together.
Propane has three carbon atoms lined up in a row.
Propane is a by-product of gasoline, but it can also be extracted from natural gas.
Propane is a by-product of natural gas processing and petroleum refining.
Propane is a byproduct of natural gas processing and petroleum refining.
Propane is a byproduct of petroleum refining and natural gas production.
Propane is a clean burning fuel, producing water vapour and carbon dioxide as waste products.
Propane is a clean, safe and economical energy source.
Propane is a common fuel used for cooking and heating.
Propane is a derivative of natural gas processing and crude oil refining.
Propane is a fine fuel for cars and trucks.
Propane is a gas at room temperature and ordinary pressure.
Propane is a gas
Propane is a liquid gas, which means it is in a liquid state when it is compressed.
Propane is a liquid in the cylinder, but is burned as a gas.
Propane is a much cleaner choice.
Propane is a potential safety concern.
Propane is a relatively safe gas that makes a flame that can reach up into the bag.
Propane is a safe, efficient, clean-burning fuel, and is recognized as a viable alternative fuel.
Propane is a stable and predictable fuel although it is also extremely flammable.
Propane is a versatile, clean burning fuel that has many applications in business and in the home.
Propane is abundant and available.
Propane is accessible nearby.
Propane is actually a commonly used propellant.
Propane is alkane.
Propane is almost one third the cost of petrol.
Propane is also a small industry.
Propane is also available at many gas stations throughout British Columbia.
Propane is also available at many stations throughout British Columbia.
Propane is also available in Study Butte.
Propane is also available.
Propane is also widely available in most areas during normal business hours.
Propane is an efficient fuel that rural America has come to depend upon.
Propane is an explosive gas.
Propane is another gas that can be used as a transportation fuel.
Propane is available at retail locations throughout the county as well as via delivery service.
Propane is available in the United States and Europe.
Propane is available in the village.
Propane is available on site.
Propane is available on the island.
Propane is available, and a laundry facility is planned for the near future.
Propane is available.
Propane is avialable.
Propane is both flammable and explosive.
Propane is both odourless and colourless when produced.
Propane is called gasol.
Propane is cheap, basically safe and easily dispensed.
Propane is chemical compounds.
Propane is clean and more efficient than electric heaters.
Propane is clean burning, hot and controllable.
Propane is clean, reliable, efficient and affordable.
Propane is colorless, odorless, tasteless, and non-toxic.
Propane is compressed by the compressor into the hot side or high pressure side tubing.
Propane is considered to be a generally safe fuel when stored and handled properly.
Propane is controlled via a remote control solenoid.
Propane is dangerous because it's highly flammable.
Propane is delivered by truck to customers who have larger tanks.
Propane is delivered in large cylinders.
Propane is designated as a clean-burning alternative fuel under the Federal Clean Air Act.
Propane is easier to shut off quickly.
Propane is easy to transport and can be used in areas beyond the natural gas mains.
Propane is extracted from natural gasoline or from petroleum.
Propane is far more dangerous.
Propane is fuel
Propane is fuel.
Propane is gases.
Propane is heavier than air and can collect initially at low levels.
Propane is heavier than air and is highly volatile.
Propane is heavier than air and sinks.
Propane is heavier than air.
Propane is heavier than methane and ethane.
Propane is imported from Canada and via waterborne imports from northern Africa and the Middle East.
Propane is more abundant and cheaper than propylene.
Propane is more available.
Propane is more dense than air.
Propane is more difficult to find.
Propane is more expensive to run per hour.
Propane is nice and clean.
Propane is no exception.
Propane is normally a gas, but it's stored in liquid form on a vehicle.
Propane is one key concern.
Propane is one of the group of liquefied petroleum gases.
Propane is one of the most versatile sources of energy available.
Propane is one such gas.
Propane is preferred when solid lines are used as the pressures are higher.
Propane is probably the best alternative to the above techniques.
Propane is probably the ideal fuel for an experimental engine.
Propane is produced from both natural gas processing and crude oil refining.
Propane is reinjected at the injection well.
Propane is safer because it can be better controlled than fossil fuel.
Propane is still an issue for general duty clause compliance.
Propane is stored as a liquid under pressure in tanks and cylinders.
Propane is supplied.
Propane is the backup heating source.
Propane is the fuel used in hot air ballooning.
Propane is the third member of the alkane series.
Propane is the third most common vehicular fuel today after gasoline and diesel.
Propane is the third most widely used motor fuel in the world.
Propane is the third most widely used motor fuel, ranking behind gasoline and diesel.
Propane is the 'wonder drug' of the energy industry.
Propane is under a higher pressure and thus uses smaller orifices on the burner jets.
Propane is under pressure so that it becomes a liquid and is stored in a pressurized tank.
Propane is used as the fuel for operating the trainers.
Propane is used elsewhere.
Propane is used for fuel.
Propane is used for heat, the cook stove, refrigerator, and for lighting the facility.
Propane is used for the cook stove, refrigerator, lights and water heater.
Propane is used instead of natural gas on many farms and in rural areas.
Propane is widely available.
Propane keeps longer than gasoline or diesel.
Propane offers similar savings.
Propane offers slow evaporative emissions and virtually complete combustion.
Propane provides convenience to the camper.
Propane readily expands as the temperature rises.
Propane requires a large volume of air to burn properly.
Propane requires more pressure than gasoline to become a liquid.
Propane requires special care.
Propane runs cleaner than gasoline, causes less wear on the engine and propane stores much longer.
Propane runs the cook stove, barbecue and fridge.
Propane works well inside and has very little fumes.
Propanol is alcohol
Propanol is burned completely in air.
Propbuster field is located just north of the interstate at the New Underwood exit.
Propective members are always welcome to join and participate in the activities.
Propective volunteers begin by attending a one-hour orientation session.
Propellant cans are an inexpensive substitute for a compressor.
Propellant concentrations show a direct proportion to weight loss.
Some propellant cores are star shaped to increase the burning surface even more.
Propellant gas is passed between two electrodes where it becomes ionized.
Propellant timing is extremely important in a bi-propellant liquid rocket engine.
A propellant is a substance
Propellant is liquid hydrogen and liquid oxygen.
Propellants are a large portion of the weight of the rocket.
Propellants are a liquid fuel and gaseous oxygen.
Propellants are butane and propane.
Propellants are substances.
Propellants Here are some facts on some propellants.
Propellants provide the driving force for ejecting the product.
Propellants used in aerosol cans contribute to pollution.
Propellants wer slush hydrogen and liquid oxygen.
Some propellants contain combustion modifiers, such as lead oxide.
Propellants tanks are at flight pressure.
Propeller engines develop thrust by moving a large mass of air through a small change in velocity.
Propeller guards create problems.
Propeller pitch affects the engine rpm at a given hull speed through the water.
A propeller plane is a plane
Propeller planes work fine.
A propeller is a mechanical device
Propeller balances on top of cockpit made of stainless steel.
Propeller blades that strike snow banks can be easily bent and damaged beyond use.
Propeller cages The same rules apply to the propeller cages.
Propeller designs for a Scandinavian propeller company.
Propeller isa mechanism.
Propeller places no restrictions on representation or issues.
Propellers adorn the cabinet knobs.
Propellers are a subtle mix of heavy metal and exquisite curves.
Propellers are available for all makes and models, new and used.
Propellers are available in left or right hand pitch.
Propellers are available.
Propellers are chrome.
Propellers are generally noisier than ducted fans.
Propellers are mechanical devices.
Propellers are precision balanced.
Propellers are very sharp and can cut wet skin easily.
Propellers can chop off plant shoots and uproot whole plants if operated in shallow water.
Propellers develop thrust by moving a large mass of air through a small change in velocity.
Propellers have (part) hubs.
Propellers have (part) sections.
Propellers have (part) vanes.
Propellers have a simple but sturdy design with only mechanical parts in the propeller hub.
Propellers having the same shape, but are scaled by a size factor behave similar.
Propellers make flight for humans comfortable and efficient.
Propellers spin generators.
Propellers turn metal shafts.
Propellers turn shafts.
Propellers work just like a paddle.
Propellers work much more efficiently and are still used on most ships today.
All propellers are inherently dangerous.
Most propellers are two, three, four, or five, bladed.
Most propellers spin generators.
Most propellers turn metal shafts.
Most propellers turn shafts.
Some propellers act as turbines.
Some propellers hit turtles.
A propellor is a mechanical device
Propellor blades push against the air.
Propellors especially are inherently dangerous and can cause serious injuries.
A propene is a gas
Propene polymerises to give polypropene.
A propensity is inclination
Propensity is an often intense natural inclination or preference.
Proper abstraction is crucial.
Proper acclimation is critical for all animals, but brittle stars are notorious for quickly dying.
Proper acclimatisation is really necessary.
Proper accommodation requires analysis, understanding and a consistent measuring program.
Proper accountability is due.
Proper acknowledgment marks the difference.
Proper actions are more than just a recitation of facts.
Proper actions can prevent the rapid spread of smoke and fire throughout a building.
Proper adjustment allows accurate control of compression in the upper thigh.
Proper adjustment allows differnet people to use the same rake without strain.
Proper adjustment improves overall stopping capabilities in any weather.
Proper adjustment is as much a part of training as the waza itself.
Proper adjustment is important.
Proper adjustment makes for easier launching and loading.
Proper adjustments are important to avoid strains and injuries.
Proper adjustments require the efforts of a physician and pharmacist working together.
Proper administration is the rule and the prequisite to gain confidence.
Proper aeration introduces oxygen and evacuates excess heat, gas and moisture.
Proper aeration is a key environmental factor.
Proper aeration is a key to effective growing of plant and flowers.
Proper agitation corrects many problems.
Proper airflow is required in order to give an accurate temperature reading.
Proper alignment includes head up, shoulders down and back, chest up, abdominals and buttocks tight.
Proper alignment is also important to prevent uneven tread wear.
Proper alignment is as fundamental to a sound golf swing as it is to steering an automobile.
Proper alignment is critical in achieving maximum benefits.
Proper alignment is critical to achieving maximum effectiveness in any individual muscle group.
Proper alignment is essential.
Proper alignment is insured if the pieces match up when the white sides are back to back.
Proper alignment is necessary for both even tread wear and precise steering.
Proper alignment is necessary for even tread wear and precise steering.
Proper alignment is necessary to produce clean edges between colors.
Proper alignment is verified by a blinking red light on the receiver.
Proper alignment is very important.
Proper alignment prevents most of the conditions associated with computer use.
Proper ambiance is created for cocktails and dinner.
Proper amounts differ per individual.
Proper analysis depends upon proper static and motion palpation procedures.
Proper analysis requires mature persons, with a down to earth approach.
Proper analysis reveals new possibilities for the reuse or recycling of current space.
Proper anesthesia is required.
Proper animal care leads to production.
Proper appearance is required at all times, with clothing appropriate to the occasion.
Proper application can greatly increase the life expectancy, however.
Proper application can reduce or eliminate ponding water.
Proper application is crucial to achieve season-long retention and control.
Proper application is essential.
Proper application is important.
Proper application is the prime factor in obtaining satisfactory results with spark plugs.
Proper approval is required by the department head.
Proper arrangement can make it an imaging radiometer.
Proper arrangements have to be made to prevent pregnant women from malaria.
Proper assembly is all common sense.
Proper assembly is the responsibility of the customer.
Proper attendance is recorded and maintained.
Proper attention needs to be paid to security.
Proper attire includes a white shirt and white shorts or tennis skirt.
Proper attire includes long pants, long sleeved shirt or jacket, and boots.
Proper attire includes loose clothing that allows complete freedom of movement.
Proper attire includes shirts, shoes, robes and slippers.
Proper attire includes sweats, running shorts and running shoes.
Proper attire is a gi or training uniform with an obi, and a hakama.
Proper attire is essential.
Proper attire is gowns and hoods only.
Proper attire is important for a good cardiovascular workout.
Proper attire is important for men as well.
Proper attire is important.
Proper attire is leotard, footless tights, and ballet shoes.
Proper attire is neat clothing that allows for complete freedom of movement.
Proper attire is requested when a guest speaker attends a meeting.
Proper attire is requested.
Proper attire is required at all times at the golf club or facility.
Proper attire is required at all times at the host facility.
Proper attire is required at all times.
Proper attire is required at dinner seating.
Proper attire is required at dinner seatings.
Proper attire is required at dinner.
Proper attire is required during all evening performances.
Proper attire is required during the act of performing the experiment.
Proper attire is required in all classes.
Proper attire is required in all indoor facilities.
Proper attire is required in the common area at all times.
Proper attire is required of all library users at all times.
Proper attire is required on all courses.
Proper attire is required on most golf courses.
Proper attire is required on the course, in the clubhouse and on the practice facility.
Proper attire is required on the golf course.
Proper attire is required when working out.
Proper attire is required while visiting the arboretum.
Proper attire is required.
Proper attire is suggested by the management.
Proper attire means being fully clothed with shoes or slippers on the feet.
Proper attire means everything.
Proper attitude means simply to do our best with the clearest mind possible.
Proper attribution is given to the authors of individual articles.
Proper attribution is given where appropriate.
Proper attribution is required of non-Stanford users.
Proper attribution is required.
Proper authentication is required.
Proper authorization is required for reimbursement for local travel.
Proper authorization is required to obtain access.
Proper authorization is required when material changes are made.
Proper authorization is required.
Proper bacteria are essential to a strong immune system and digestion.
Proper balance begins in the tree.
Proper balance brings courage, stability, physical health, and stamina.
Proper balance is a necessity.
Proper balance is achieved when the smoke initially travels downward and then spirals inward.
Proper balance is defined as a stability resulting from equalization of opposing forces.
Proper balance is insured.
Proper balance is necessary to execute technique properly.
Proper balance is the ideal.
Proper balance is the key to a long and healthy life filled with vitality.
Proper balance is the key.
Proper balance means the paddle can be held very lightly, never clenched.
Proper bathing can have a number of benefits.
Proper bedding can also provide additional warmth.
Proper behavior is the responsibility of the unit leadership.
Proper bindings are critical.
Proper boots are essential for keeping feet warm and dry while appropriate soles provide traction.
Proper braising requires the right pan.
Proper breathing amplifies the power of the punch.
Proper breathing is also an important part of stress control.
Proper breathing is an essential part of tai chi.
Proper breathing is an important aid to relaxation and goes with posture.
Proper breathing is an often overlooked key to foundational health and longevity.
Proper breathing is an underestimated, but critical building block of good health.
Proper breathing is another antidote to stress and tension.
Proper breathing is essential for sustaining life and cleansing inner body systems.
Proper breathing is essential in weightlifting.
Proper breathing is essential to well being and good health.
Proper breathing is essential.
Proper breathing is foundational.
Proper breathing is important for pleasurable skin diving.
Proper breathing is one of the most effective techniques for reducing stress.
Proper breathing is the answer.
Proper breathing is very important.
Proper breathing makes for a nice swim.
Proper breathing nourishes the brain and central nervous system.
Proper breathing promotes relaxation and is useful in maintaining yoga's many postures.
Proper breathing requires breathing down into the abdominal cavity and then exhaling.
Proper breeches are also excellent.
Proper buoyancy is very important, especially when taping a stationary subject.
Proper burial is essential.
Proper cadence turns death marches into easy riding.
Proper cake is important.
Proper calibration is critical for effective control.
Proper calibration is essential for safe, economical and effective weed control.
Proper calibration is required.
Proper calibration is the key to applying accurate rates of pesticides.
Proper camber is indicated when the hair just almost touches the stick when loose.
Proper capitalization is also very important.
Proper capitalization is extremely important.
Proper capitalization is required.
Proper care allows kohlrabi to achieve the rapid growth that results in best quality.
Proper care begins at the store.
Proper care can avoid double trouble when it comes to single-use medical devices.
Proper care can ensure beautiful, healthy hair all summer long.
Proper care can extend houseplants' lives.
Proper care can extend the life of a mattress.
Proper care can keep kidneys running properly well into old age.
Proper care can prevent problems from ever occurring.
Proper care consists of wiping occasionally with a damp cloth.
Proper care ensures that each bird is as healthy and happy as possible.
Proper care has to be taken of the saplings planted.
Proper care helps life.
Proper care helps prevent loss of information.
Proper care includes adequate watering, fertilizing, and pruning practices.
Proper care insures firm flesh for cooking.
Proper care is essential.
Proper care is important for extending the life of fresh flower arrangements.
Proper care is important to the health of any tree.
Proper care is mandatory to prevent mold contamination of humidifiers.
Proper care is required.
Proper care is suggested before meeting anybody or giving any money to anyone.
Proper care is that easy.
Proper care leads to production.
Proper care saves money, saves time, and helps to preserve the instrument.
Proper care yields healthy cymbidiums that bear plenty of colorful flowers.
Most proper care helps life.
Most proper care leads to production.
Proper carving begins with meat that is carvable.
Proper categorization is important.
Proper cause is really a spiritual issue.
Proper ceremonies can be enjoyable.
Proper certification is a prerequisite to federal jurisdiction over juveniles.
Proper certification is needed.
Proper certification is required.
Proper characterization makes any drama natural, believable, spontaneous, and real.
Proper chewing mixes salivary gland urogastrone with food.
Proper chewing mixes the food with the saliva, signaling the brain to begin the digestive process.
Proper circulation is absolutely necessary for effective function of the lungs.
Proper citation is a critical element in writing a scientific or medical document.
Proper citation is appreciated by the authors.
Proper citation is essential to avoiding plagiarism.
Proper citation is essential to both the writer and the reader.
Proper citation is requested.
Proper citation is required.
Proper citation takes time.
Proper citations are critical.
All proper classes are the same size.
Proper classification is a prerequisite for correct estimation of precipitation amounts.
Proper classification is one of the biggest issues facing both free agents and employers.
Proper clearance is a penny's width.
Proper clearances are very important.
Proper cleat tie down involves overlapping the line in a figure eight pattern.
Proper closure is dependent on proper funding.
Proper closure is just as important as adequate cushioning.
Proper closure is viewed by many as soundest option.
Proper clothing allows the face to dominate the portrait.
Proper clothing can also add a measure of safety.
Proper clothing can make golf season even longer.
Proper clothing consists of an old pair of jeans and a decent, yet used, T-shirt.
Proper clothing includes rain gear, gloves, sturdy work boots, and headgear.
Proper clothing is a good place to start.
Proper clothing is also important.
Proper clothing is critical.
Proper clothing is essential to protection from frostbite.
Proper clothing is essential.
Proper clothing is important in preventing frostbite because it insulates the body.
Proper clothing is important.
Proper clothing is monitored at the door.
Proper clothing is required at all times, which includes shoes, shirts and no gang attire or colors.
Proper clothing is required.
Proper coat is of vital importance.
Proper collections prove to increase cash flow.
Proper collimation allows a highly quantitative analysis of the spectrum.
Proper collimation improves image quality and reduces the amount of scattered radiation produced.
Proper communication is an important factor in motivation.
Proper communication is crucial to any organization.
Proper communication is key.
Proper communication is the basis to developing long-term partnering relationships.
Proper communication is the best way to ensure that problems are fixed quickly.
Proper communication prevents dangerous situations.
Proper comparisons show average compensation growth largely tracks average productivity growth.
Some proper comparison shows average growth.
Some proper comparison shows growth.
Proper composition facilitates communication between the teacher and user.
Proper conditions are necessary.
Proper conditioning follows a very fine line.
Proper conditioning is another key factor.
Proper conditioning is extremely important for the attitudes of the puppies too.
Proper conditioning is key for athletic successes as well as for personal and physical satisfaction.
Proper conditioning is paramount to the training of dogs for any event.
Proper conditioning is the best way to maintain a body in playing form and help prevent injuries.
Proper conditioning minimizes the risk of injury.
Proper conditioning needs to be done mainly before dry off.
Proper conditioning starts from the inside out, resulting in gleaming coats and bright, clear eyes.
Proper conduct is an important factor for the safety of all children riding school buses.
Proper conduct is essential at all times.
Proper conduct is.
Proper configuration can increase the speed of backups and other operations by six times.
Proper configuration is crucial for efficient bandwidth usage.
Proper connections involve matching information keys with search engines and directories.
Proper consideration needs to be given to the timely discontinuation of the second drug.
Proper consistency is the key to decorative icing.
Proper consistency is very much a matter of personal preference based on experience.
Proper construction reduces owner liability and the threat to ground and surface waters.
Proper consultation is vital to ensuring long-term success.
Proper containment is essential.
Proper contrast is important so that an image appears realistic.
Proper control can mean the difference between life and death.
Proper controls can help differentiate between specific and nonspecific staining.
Proper cooking can destroy bacteria which are present in retailed meat.
Proper cooking is essential.
Proper cooking is one of the main ways to avoid contamination, since heat kills bacteria.
Proper core aerifying usually improves root growth and overall lawn health.
Proper correction involves a more personalized approach.
Proper correction is taught for loss of front or rear end control.
Proper counseling keeps the focus of the issue on the women.
Proper coverage insures more comfortable dives.
Proper credit is always an indication of good research.
Proper credit is appreciated.
Proper credit is due.
Proper credit is given throughout the document where credit is due.
Proper credit is given to authors, artists and photographers.
Proper credit is given to each, so be sure and visit their pages.
Proper credit is given to the information supplied whenever possible.
Proper credit is given when it is known.
Proper credit is given where possible.
Proper crowns make old fret wire that is now below maximum height feel more articulate.
Proper cultivation takes an important part in plant maintenance.
Proper culture is necessary to realize the full benefits of each species.
Proper cuts require good, sharp pruning equipment.
Proper decorum is requested at all times.
Proper decorum is simple, the self-proclaimed experts say.
Proper defense starts out with proper defensive position and eyes on the ball.
Proper deference is given to a magistrate's determination of the existence of probable cause.
Proper deportment is important in relation to the lay community, also.
Proper description relates the idea to the term used and aids understanding.
Proper design begins with preparation and research.
Proper design ensures that the system functions efficiently and effectively.
Proper design includes land leveling to the appropriate grade and an adequate delivery system.
Proper design involves professional layout, graphics, and organization of the pages of the site.
Proper design is absolutely critical to ensure long-term roof integrity.
Proper design is critical for cushion performance.
Proper design is essential.
Proper design is important for a septic system.
Proper design is the key.
Proper design mounts the screen above and beyond the door opening in the open position.
Proper design reduces light pollution.
Proper development involves upfront planning to define the goals and audience of the site.
Proper diagnosis becomes essential.
Proper diagnosis is based on the experience of the neurologist.
Proper diagnosis is critical to effectively manage pest problems on ornamentals and turf.
Proper diagnosis is critical.
Proper diagnosis is crucial and there is medication to help.
Proper diagnosis is equally important.
Proper diagnosis is essential for intelligent treatment.
Proper diagnosis is essential if thrush is suspected.
Proper diagnosis is essential if treatment is to be successful.
Proper diagnosis is extremely important when dealing with dementia.
Proper diagnosis is important for proper treatment.
Proper diagnosis is important for treatment and recovery.
Proper diagnosis is important, so be sure to see a physician before beginning any treatment.
Proper diagnosis is necessary before such diet modifications are made.
Proper diagnosis is necessary to determine the true cause.
Proper diagnosis is the first step to treatment for incontinence.
Proper diagnosis is the foundation on which effective treatment and management is based.
Proper diagnosis is the key to treating pelvic support problems.
Proper diagnosis makes all the difference.
Proper diagnosis requires blood tests that measure thyroid hormone levels.
Proper diet can make the teeth and jaw bones harder and healthier.
Proper diet includes hydration.
Proper diet includes low sodium and low fat intakes.
Proper diet is also important.
Proper diet is fundamental.
Proper diet is important for both physical and emotional well being.
Proper diet is key to a super team.
Proper diet is mentioned in a few articles as being a big help as well as reducing stress.
Proper diet is the way to bring the humors into balance.
Proper diet is very important for good dental health.
Proper diet slows the damage of aging.
Proper diets consist of plants.
Proper diets include fruit vegetables.
Proper diets include plants.
Proper diets include vegetables.
Most proper diets consist of plants.
Some proper diets consist of seeds.
Proper digestion assists the body in clearing out toxins.
Proper digestion is a prerequisite for optimum health.
Proper digestion is critical to good health.
Proper digestion is crucial for good health.
Proper digestion is important for all minerals.
Proper digestion is necessary for good health.
Proper digestion is of utmost importance for the liver.
Proper digestion is vital for nutrient absorption.
Proper digestion reduces stomach discomfort, gas, bloating, indigestion, and heartburn.
Some proper digestion leads to diseases.
Proper disassembly makes it much easier to reassemble and install.
Proper discernment is our privilege and right.
Proper discipline adds self-esteem.
Proper discipline is effective through consistency and by various other disciplinary methods.
Proper dispersion makes it harder for pilots to make multiple hits.
Proper display creates the interest and excitement to entice a customer to explore the store.
Proper display creates the interest and excitement to entice a players to explore the shop.
Proper display requires the use of a standardized browser.
Proper disposal according to state and federal regulations is required.
Proper disposal can be costly and a regulatory burden for small farmers and other end users.
Proper disposal can be costly and a regulatory burden for small farmers and other pesticide users.
Proper disposal depends on quantity.
Proper disposal is crucial to prevention of any potential diversion.
Proper disposal is very expensive.
Proper disposition is essential.
Proper distance is maintained between heat producing appliances and combustible materials.
Proper diversification allows a portfolio to spread and mitigate risk.
Proper documents are proof.
Proper documentation can avoid costly litigation.
Proper documentation can prevent a problem from becoming a serious one.
Proper documentation consists of specifying title, dates, and duties of each assignment.
Proper documentation contributes substantially to a data collection's scholarly value.
Proper documentation creates a lasting impression of a job well done.
Proper documentation helps prevents errors.
Proper documentation includes solid evidence and no claimed miracle has ever provided any.
Proper documentation is a crucial part of any well-written program.
Proper documentation is a key component of an effective review process.
Proper documentation is also a key part of providing quality care.
Proper documentation is central to the ability to successfully manage the progress of any project.
Proper documentation is critical.
Proper documentation is emphasized.
Proper documentation is essential for continuity of care and the reduction of risk to the patient.
Proper documentation is key to a well-run and expanding system.
Proper documentation is necessary to get an incorrect blood quantum changed.
Proper documentation is part of writing to the conventions of a particular field.
Proper documentation is provided for the facility, which meet their regulatory guidelines.
Proper documentation is required at registration for a class to be offered for no cost.
Proper documentation is required for all source material used in the assignments.
Proper documentation is required for all visits.
Proper documentation is required for approval.
Proper documentation is required for excused absences.
Proper documentation is required for travel expenses.
Proper documentation is required on all goods.
Proper documentation is required to receive accommodations.
Proper documentation is required.
Proper documentation is the backbone in engineering.
Proper documentation is the number one determinate in the outcome of a favorable position.
Proper documentation is the responsibility of the petty cash fund custodian.
Proper documentation protects providers against liability.
Proper documentation refers to citing another person's work.
Proper dosage depends on a number of factors such as body size and age.
Proper dosage is tailored to each individual patient's needs through careful blood testing.
Proper dosages are, however, very specific to the person taking the drug.
Proper dose is essential.
Proper draft is critical to reducing pollution and maintaining high efficiency.
Proper drainage helps insure the prevention of ascending infection.
Proper drainage is a crucial consideration in selecting the site for a new house.
Proper drainage is a key factor in winter survival.
Proper drainage is a primary concern.
Proper drainage is an important issue when irrigating so as to reduce the occurrence of root rot.
Proper drainage is essential.
Proper dress consists of sleeved dress or blouse, and a hat or other head covering at all times.
Proper dress encourages responsible behavior and aids the academic process.
Proper dress involves jeans, tee-shirts, sweatshirts and shoes with good tread.
Proper dress is also an important part of physical education class.
Proper dress is also important.
Proper dress is also necessary for reasons of health and safety.
Proper dress is an important part of bicycle safety.
Proper dress is essential for outdoor winter fun, safety and comfort.
Proper dress is essential.
Proper dress is necessary for certain occasions.
Proper dress is needed for certain occasions.
Proper dress is requested to enter the church.
Proper dress is required and enforced.
Proper dress is required at all times.
Proper dress is required for all golf activities.
Proper dress is required for dining.
Proper dress is required for jurors.
Proper dress is required to enter the courtroom.
Proper dress is required to meet health and safety standards.
Proper dress is required to participate.
Proper dress is required when participating in recreational activities.
Proper dress is required, no jeans, shorts or sleeveless tops.
Proper dress is required.
Proper dress is rewarded with a short animated story related to that person or animal.
Proper dress plays a very important role in maintaining an atmosphere of dignity in Yeshiva.
Proper dress shows respect for the court and presents a credible image.
Proper dress varies from company to company.
Proper drifts are also very important.
Proper eating has a double importance.
Proper eating is essential to good health.
Proper eating plays a role in bone development and retention.
Proper education is a large part of that.
Proper education is one of the greatest wants of the Indian community in South Africa.
Proper education is the key to Angola's future and the end of political ignorance in the country.
Proper elevation has the injured area placed higher than the heart.
Proper elimination conserves the body's healing energy making it available for healing and repair.
Proper endurance means proper rest, and that means getting plenty of sleep.
Proper enrollment is required in order to give credit and process a grade.
Proper enunciation does more than just portray the appearance of education in our children.
Proper equalization can also help minimize feedback caused by frequency- response irregularities.
Proper equipment is a key element of the equation as well.
Proper equipment is also critical.
Proper equipment is an essential element.
Proper equipment is critical.
Proper equipment is essential for running, and that means sneakers.
Proper equipment is essential for safety.
Proper equipment is essential to personal safety in the mountains.
Proper equipment is important for success with any lure but especially with a buzzbait.
Proper equipment is more than just convenient.
Proper equipment is required.
Proper equipment is the key to independent living.
Proper equipment is the key to prevent most injuries when Rollerblading.
Proper equipment is vital to the success of a mission and the safety of our searches.
Proper equipment is vital.
Proper equipment minimizes the danger of serious injuries.
Proper equipments is essential for maintaining healthy active toads, or any animal for that matter.
Proper etiquette dictates that who ever did the asking also does the paying.
Proper etiquette is absolutely essential.
Proper etiquette is an important dimension in the game of golf.
Proper etiquette is essential for projecting success and savoir faire .
Proper etiquette is essential when visiting ancient sites.
Proper etiquette is more than knowing when and how to use utensils.
Proper etiquette is to be observed at all times.
Proper etiquette is to replace all divots.
Proper etiquette is two ads per category per week.
Proper etiquette is, for the most part, common sense.
Proper etiquette means to find a proper balance, case by case.
Proper etiquette says that silver is an appropriate gift for a twenty-fifth anniversary.
Proper euthanasia is explained.
Proper evacuation can be the difference between life and death in some instances.
Proper evaluation guarantees that every MGA handicap is accurately and consistently calculated.
Proper evaluation includes assessing for other possible problems and associated conditions.
Proper evaluation is beneficial even if the student doing fairly good work in school.
Proper examination involves both touch and visual examination.
Proper examinations proceed in a question and answer fashion.
Some proper excretion takes places.
Proper exercise can often prevent or correct lower back pain and improve posture.
Proper exercise can reduce joint pain and stiffness and increase flexibility and muscle strength.
Proper exercise helps build bone tissue, prevent further bone loss, and keep the body toned and fit.
Proper exercise helps the body by improving the flow of nutrients and blood to the skin and face.
Proper exercise is also very important.
Proper exercise is an excellent way of creating high levels of energy.
Proper exercise is essential to maintaining low back health and general cardiovascular fitness.
Proper exercise is essential.
Proper exercise is the key.
Proper exercises are a complement to a complete office ergonomics program.
Proper exfoliation is an absolute essential step in a good skin care program.
Proper exit is necessary for parameter files to be stored.
Proper exposure allows for density, saturation, tonal and contrast control.
Proper exposure is also important.
Proper exposure is critical.
Proper exposure is essential in any operation.
Proper feedback encompasses all three.
Proper feedback is essential in building proper habits.
Proper feel is essential to the accurate use of precision measuring tools.
Proper fermentation depends on correct proportions of salt and other ingredients.
Proper fermentation is the key to maintaining a nutritionally healthy horse.
Proper fertility is needed for maximum tiller development, as is reasonable moisture.
Proper fertility is what maintains the stand.
Proper fertilization helps to invigorate affected trees.
Proper fertilization is also an important component of good shelf life.
Proper fertilization is essential to high yields and quality.
Proper fertilization is generally the most cost-effective practice to have a nice lawn.
Proper fertilization is necessary for good crop growth.
Proper fertilization produces healthy large leaved plants.
Proper fertilization promotes deep roots and drought tolerance.
Proper fertilization stimulates plant growth, increases fruit size, and boosts total production.
Proper field dressing is one of the most important steps to safe, tender venison.
Proper figures are hard to come by, the land is so numb with death.
Proper filtration is certainly necessary.
Proper filtration is critical to keeping happy, healthy fish.
Proper filtration is essential to maintenance of a koi pond.
Proper filtration is essential.
Proper filtration is the key.
Proper finishes require several coats, and drying time between each coat.
Proper fit is an important aspect of responsible helmet use.
Proper fit is another matter.
Proper fit is crucial to guaranteeing proper function of the helmet.
Proper fit is especially important for children, because their feet are still developing.
Proper fit is essential.
Proper fit is extremely important.
Proper fit is imperative for safety.
Proper fit is important to avoid injuries and to provide maximum maneuverability for a safe ride.
Proper fit is important.
Proper fit is the key to comfort with an underwirestyle.
Proper fit is very important to ensure safety and minimize the risk of injury.
Proper fit is very important.
Proper fit is vital.
Proper fitness is an absolute key to maintaining control of matches at the highest level.
Proper fitness is critical.
Proper fitting is achieved When one wears one's own dress.
Proper fixation requires that the tissues be sliced into one-half inch slices.
Proper flex allows for a maximum footprint on the ice and better holding power.
Proper flow is important because it ensures a better filling pattern.
Proper focus is important.
Proper food contains vitamins.
Proper food is another matter entirely.
Proper foods are fresh vegetables and fruits.
Proper foods keep the intestinal barriers strong and the immune system in a fighting condition.
Most proper food contains vitamins.
Proper footing is essential to successful heading.
Proper footing is important.
Proper footwear helps limit shock and stress.
Proper footwear is a good place to start, boots or shoes that leak are to be avoided.
Proper footwear is also a necessity.
Proper footwear is also an important factor of treatment and prevention.
Proper footwear is critical.
Proper footwear is essential for the safety of our students.
Proper footwear is essential to avoid slips and falls.
Proper footwear is essential.
Proper footwear is important and clothing that is unencumbering is advised.
Proper footwear is important in Spring hiking when trails are wet and muddy.
Proper footwear is important.
Proper footwear is particularly important.
Proper footwear is recommended.
Proper footwear is required for usage.
Proper footwear is required in all indoor facilities.
Proper footwear is required in fitness areas.
Proper footwear is required.
Proper footwear is the responsibility of the individual official.
Proper footwear is very important.
Proper footwork is a little more difficult.
Proper footwork is always important.
Proper footwork plays an important part in fencing.
Proper forecasting is a first and very important step.
Proper foresight supports the use of green cleaners.
Proper form depends on the style of the squat and the muscles to be conditioned.
Proper form encourages walking and running efficiency and is integral to injury prevention.
Proper form is a combination of two distinct fundamental ideas.
Proper form is critical and is much more important than weight.
Proper form is critical when lifting weights.
Proper form is crucial to exercising, especially when working the abs.
Proper form is essential for effective stretching.
Proper form is essential in strengthening the abs.
Proper form is essential to shaving seconds off race times.
Proper form is essential.
Proper form is most important.
Proper form is shown for each as well as tips for injury prevention.
Proper form is the key to a successful repetition.
Proper form is very important.
Proper form means hitting the bag flush with the fist for a safe and efficient workout.
Proper format is dictated by the designated micro software.
Proper formats vary from journal to journal and professor to professor.
Proper formulation is dependent upon the route of administration chosen.
Proper fumigation is impossible in unsealed silos.
Proper function is testable.
Proper fundamentals are the foundation on which a smooth consistent golf swing is built.
Proper gear includes clothing, boots, shelter and food.
Proper gear is all that's required for year round camping and enjoyment of the great outdoors.
Proper gear is important in walnut handling.
Proper government is thus limited to being the policeman and adjudicator of disputes.
Proper graduation is vital to achieve a long life cycle.
Proper grammar is a plus.
Proper grammar is also critical to a good impression.
Proper grammar is also very important.
Proper grammar is crucial.
Proper grammar is essential for producing clear, credible business communications.
Proper grammar is vital.
Proper grasp is dependent upon appropriate lengths of the constituent bones of the palm and digits.
Proper grazing can benefit the environment, wildlife, the tax-paying public, and consumers.
Proper grazing can maintain desired plants and provide a more competitive environment.
Proper grip is critical to consistent shooting.
Proper grip is important to insure a smooth delivery and stable trajectory.
Proper grip is the foundation of good badminton play.
Proper grooming is always a main concern.
Proper grooming is an activity that demands diligent work.
Proper grooming is essential.
Proper grooming is important in the care of a miniature pot-bellied pig.
Proper grounding can prevent lethal shocks.
Proper grounding ensures effective static control and in reducing E-field radiation.
Proper grounding is an important step when setting up to take measurements or work on a circuit.
Proper grounding is critical to the safe operation of all stage lighting fixtures.
Proper grounding is especially important for maximumm effectiveness of low impedance chargers.
Proper grounding is essential to minimize fire and shock hazards.
Proper grounding is essential to prevent fire and shock hazards.
Proper grounding is essential.
Proper grounding is important for two reasons.
Proper grounding is important in a farm or ranch work environment.
Proper grounding is the strongest prerequisite for proper surge protection.
Proper guidance is required.
Proper habits can write a check that is always redeemable.
Proper habitat is of the highest importance.
Proper harvesting helps increase plant yield.
Proper heating is important to maintain a healthy immune system and proper digestion.
Proper heating is maintained.
Proper height is essential to successful sitting.
Proper height is important .
Proper helmets are mandatory.
Proper housing is a major factor in maintaining healthy hamsters.
Proper housing is a major factor in the maintenance of healthy guinea pigs.
Proper humidity helps repel upper respiratory problems caused by dry air.
Proper humidity is necessary for proper shedding.
Proper humidity varies with commodities.
Proper husbandry is essential.
Proper hydration battles side stitches and muscle cramps.
Proper hydration helps prevent muscle cramps and extends valuable training time.
Proper hydration is also critical to performing well and staying safe.
Proper hydration is also critical.
Proper hydration is an important component to any exercise program.
Proper hydration is an important factor in healthy hair and in promoting good health.
Proper hydration is as crucial to a good training regimen as discipline and the drive to succeed.
Proper hydration is critical to acclimatization.
Proper hydration is critical to successful backpacking.
Proper hydration is essential after conditions that involves injury to the skeletal muscle.
Proper hydration is essential for good performance in exercise.
Proper hydration is essential.
Proper hydration is extremely important to maintain optimal health.
Proper hydration is extremely important.
Proper hydration is important to sustain proper cell and tissue function.
Proper hydration is is critical to acclimatization.
Proper hydration is key too much water bad concrete too little water bad concrete.
Proper hydration is necessary to stay warm.
Proper hydration is necessary.
Proper hydration is one of the easiest ways to improve both health and job performance.
Proper hydration is the most crucial aspect of sports nutrition.
Proper hydration is the most important nutritional strategy an player can use.
Proper hydration is vital in hot weather conditions.
Proper hygiene goes a long ways in keeping our entire body healthy.
Proper hygiene is as essential to optimum health as diet and exercise.
Proper hygiene is essential as well.
Proper hygiene is important.
Proper hygiene is integral to optimal health.
Proper hygiene is obviously important including always wiping front to back.
Proper hygiene is recommended to further limit the spread of the infection.
Proper hygiene is very important.
Proper identification includes picture identification and a form of address verification.
Proper identification is crucial if pets and owners are separated during or after a fire.
Proper identification is essential to cat safety.
Proper identification is essential.
Proper identification is important in determining control measures.
Proper identification is important in order to choose the most effective management option.
Proper identification is important.
Proper identification is necessary for admittance.
Proper identification is necessary to enter the building.
Proper identification is necessary to purchase any alcoholic beverage.
Proper identification is needed before control strategies can be adopted.
Proper identification is needed to exchange travelers checks into cash.
Proper identification is needed to retrieve items from behind the desk.
Proper identification is needed.
Proper identification is required as proof of age.
Proper identification is required at bib pick-up to receive race packet.
Proper identification is required at check-in to receive the government rate.
Proper identification is required at the time of application.
Proper identification is required at the time of registration.
Proper identification is required at time of registration.
Proper identification is required by all abortion patients and accompanying parents.
Proper identification is required for all credit.
Proper identification is required for all international travel.
Proper identification is required for all students seeking a refund.
Proper identification is required for all transactions.
Proper identification is required for any signature notarization.
Proper identification is required for entry.
Proper identification is required for pick-up.
Proper identification is required for purchase.
Proper identification is required for trips to Mexico.
Proper identification is required of vendors, repairmen.
Proper identification is required to cash any check.
Proper identification is required to enter the facilities.
Proper identification is required to obtain entry.
Proper identification is required to pick up tickets.
Proper identification is required to purchase alcoholic beverages.
Proper identification is required to receive the discount.
Proper identification is required to use library equipment.
Proper identification is required to write checks.
Proper identification is required upon request.
Proper identification is required when writing a check.
Proper identification is required.
Proper identification is the key to management.
Proper identification is vital.
Proper identification needs to be presented to the library staff.
Proper identification requires a microbiologist or mycologist.
Proper identification requires examinations.
Proper identification showing a current address is required.
Proper identification showing current address is required.
Most proper identification requires examinations.
Proper illumination is extremely important.
Proper illustration is critical to an effective presentation.
Proper immunization is required.
Some proper implantations take places.
Proper implementation means an aggressive strategic plan that can be clearly tracked by investors.
Proper impression is very important to the public.
Proper incentives can encourage people to participate in and maintain health insurance coverage.
Proper indentation can make a program much easier to read.
Proper indentation is required.
Proper indexing is essential.
Proper inflation decreases rolling resistance.
Proper inflation equals better mileage.
Proper inflation extends tire life and saves fuel.
Proper inflation is critical for optimum performance and mileage.
Proper inflation is essential for even tire wear and low tires can also affect fuel mileage.
Proper inflation is the most important factor for a tyre.
Proper inflation is the single most important part of tire care.
Proper initialization is the key.
Proper initialization is vital to insuring optimal model forecasts.
Proper inputs maximize the system, while improper inputs limit the system.
Proper installation can be tricky, and is best left to a licensed plumbing contractor.
Proper installation can prevent future service headaches.
Proper installation improves network reliability and integrity.
Proper installation is a key to success.
Proper installation is also significant in energy conservation.
Proper installation is also vital.
Proper installation is an important factor in receiving optimum performance.
Proper installation is at least as important as product quality.
Proper installation is critical if the room is to meet the company s objective.
Proper installation is critical to the safe operation of combustion appliances.
Proper installation is critical.
Proper installation is crucial and there are hundreds of filters.
Proper installation is crucial because of the nature of the measurement technique.
Proper installation is crucial to gas equipment safety.
Proper installation is equal in importance to the design of the door.
Proper installation is essential.
Proper installation is extremely important.
Proper installation is important as well as durable weatherstripping.
Proper installation is key.
Proper installation is more critical with a heat pump than with a gas furnace.
Proper installation is necessary to prevent a fire hazard or carbon monoxide poisoning.
Proper installation is one sure way to minimize leaks from the tank or connected piping.
Proper installation is perhaps the most important aspect of a quality project.
Proper installation is required to enable the manufacturer's limited lifetime warranty.
Proper installation is the key to a long lasting waterproof shower pan installation.
Proper installation is the key to maximum comfort and energy performance.
Proper installation is very important if the insulation is to be effective.
Proper installation is very important.
Proper installation provides worry-free protection.
Proper installation requires some measuring and shimming.
Proper installation requires that a double-throw switch be installed.
Proper installation requires time and patience two things parents often lack.
Proper installation requires trimming the fenderwell trim and installing some plastic molding.
Proper instruction increases prospects for learning.
Proper instruction is in technique is.
Proper instrumentation is a vital tool in the next-generation network.
Proper insulation can reduce the required size of the furnace or air conditioner.
Proper insulation helps keep the house warm in the winter and cool in the summer.
Proper insulation is a key factor for minimizing heating bills during the winter.
Proper insulation reduces the home's heating and cooling needs.
Proper insurance can be one way to insure that the business is well protected.
Proper intensity depends on weather, soil type, and land location.
Proper intensity reduces risk.
Proper intonation is dependent on great air support.
Proper introductions are essential to any successful social gathering.
Proper introductions are the most effective way.
Proper introductions take places.
Most proper introductions take places.
Proper investigation requires longer testing periods.
Proper investment leads to revenue growth opportunities.
Proper irrigation can help control it.
Proper irrigation can help reduce the likelihood of chinch bug damage.
Proper irrigation helps conserve water, save money, and protect water quality.
Proper irrigation is important.
Proper irrigation is made easier by emergency shower and eyewash equipment.
Proper irrigation is necessary to produce quality roses in the desert Southwest.
Proper irrigation is the first step in conditioning a lawn for drought.
Proper irrigation is the key to maintaining turfgrasses.
Proper irrigation means less run-off of fertilizer.
Proper irrigation reduces mortality.
Proper jump starting - Batteries give off hydrogen gas.
Proper jump starting procedures are imperative or personal injury can result.
Proper justification is essential for deviations from, or exceptions to, codes and standards.
Proper knowledge is the best tool that patients can have to improve their health.
Proper knowledge leads to preventive care.
Proper ladies wear the best they can afford, act like princesses, and command respect.
Proper landing is very important.
Proper landscaping can provide screening and also help muffle sounds from the birds.
Proper landscaping can provide screening and also help muffle sounds.
Proper language is a habit that has to be practiced.
Proper language is to be used.
Proper laws protect voluntary trades or contracts from force or fraud.
Proper leadership can reduce sexual misconduct in co-ed barracks.
Proper length is also important to prevent PTO shaft from coming apart.
Proper level includes body type, lenght of legs, depth of chair etc.
Proper level is two inches below the overflow pipe.
Proper light is more important for good blooming than a rigorous fertilizer regimen.
Proper light makes everything look different.
Proper lighting assures the likelihood of a balanced metabolism.
Proper lighting can also brighten an otherwise dim bathroom.
Proper lighting can help compensate poor vision in many ways.
Proper lighting can often result in insurance reductions.
Proper lighting has as much an effect on productivity as furniture design.
Proper lighting helps ensure the correct pesticide for the task is chosen.
Proper lighting increases safety, production and accuracy in working areas.
Proper lighting indicates that the retailer is open and welcomes the customers.
Proper lighting is a bike mounted light and a helmet mounted light.
Proper lighting is a good way to avoid accidents.
Proper lighting is absolutely essential when painting.
Proper lighting is also a major component of a quality tennis facility.
Proper lighting is also important for accurate color perception.
Proper lighting is critical.
Proper lighting is equally as important as magnification in achieving a good viewing situation.
Proper lighting is equally important as magnification in achieving a good viewing situation.
Proper lighting is essential in a kitchen, for ease of use and for safety, as well.
Proper lighting is important as well.
Proper lighting is important with digital photos.
Proper lighting is important.
Proper lighting is more than just a source by which to see, but it also affects our frame of mind.
Proper lighting is of equal importance.
Proper lighting is very important for safe shaving.
Proper lighting makes employees more comfortable.
Proper lighting reduces the chances of accidents and crime.
Proper lighting seems to be the last thing on most employers' minds.
Proper lighting starts with basic light bar.
Proper litter receptacles or solid waste containers.
Proper loading is required for efficient dishwasher operation.
Proper location is critical to the success of a wind turbine installation.
Proper logs can provide sufficient proof of a user's activities by logging the actions of that user.
Proper lubrication is a significant factor in extending machinery life and preventing failures.
Proper lumber drying is fundamental and crucial to using wood for most applications and products.
Proper maintenance begins the day the school is completed and ends only when it is demolished.
Proper maintenance can add years of attractive life.
Proper maintenance can also help the environment.
Proper maintenance can greatly increase the effective life of roller skis.
Proper maintenance can prevent failures and bring other benefits such as greater energy efficiency.
Proper maintenance dictates taking the batteries out of the boat during the off season.
Proper maintenance gives it an indefinite life.
Proper maintenance helps ensure better air quality.
Proper maintenance helps minimize pollutant emissions and maximize fuel efficiency.
Proper maintenance increases the beauty and value.
Proper maintenance is a key factor affecting the emission performance of a vehicle.
Proper maintenance is also important.
Proper maintenance is also the owner's responsibility.
Proper maintenance is an absolute necessity.
Proper maintenance is an important part of in-place management.
Proper maintenance is an integral part of printer ownership to ensure optimal performance.
Proper maintenance is covered in the maintenance documentation applicable to the equipment.
Proper maintenance is critical to consumer comfort, employee productivity, and lower energy costs.
Proper maintenance is crucial for air-filter effectiveness.
Proper maintenance is crucial in keeping a septic system working.
Proper maintenance is essential for effective functioning of the reflector system.
Proper maintenance is essential for safe use.
Proper maintenance is essential to preventing breakdowns.
Proper maintenance is essential to retain effectiveness over time.
Proper maintenance is essential to the efficient operation of the school unit.
Proper maintenance is essential to the life of any vehicle.
Proper maintenance is essential.
Proper maintenance is extremely important to the longevity and performance of a vehicle.
Proper maintenance is important for the long-term health of newly planted shrubs.
Proper maintenance is important for truck safety.
Proper maintenance is important.
Proper maintenance is key.
Proper maintenance is needed to keep it in good working order.
Proper maintenance is particularly important for evaporative coolers and precoolers.
Proper maintenance is the best way to extend the vehicle's life.
Proper maintenance is the key to healthy, lush houseplants.
Proper maintenance is the key.
Proper maintenance is vital to the success of the grasses and shrubs.
Proper maintenance keeps that image polished and solid.
Proper maintenance means saving money and avoiding the inconvenience of a breakdown.
Proper maintenance minimizes the risk to a customer of faults in the cranes or break-downs.
Proper maintenance pays off in safety and long life.
Proper maintenance reduces the amount of grease and blockages in the drains and lines.
Proper maintenance requires belt replacement at regular intervals - before they break.
Proper management allows native species to flourish.
Proper management benefits both sharp-tailed grouse and wildlife in general.
Proper management can do much to encourage a dense, vigorous turf and discourage weeds.
Proper management can increase the number of desirable plant species and improve their quality.
Proper management can make a difference.
Proper management can minimize nitrogen losses during land application of swine manure.
Proper management can minimize the impacts of insects and diseases.
Proper management depends on detailed long-term planning and early treatment.
Proper management ensures that quality is high with cost being low.
Proper management increases the likelihood of successful breeding after calving.
Proper management is a year-round process.
Proper management is critical to human and environmental health.
Proper management is critical to patients' well-being.
Proper management is crucial.
Proper management is essential.
Proper management is of utmost importance in maintaining turf and preventing diseases.
Proper management is possible only after a diagnosis has been established.
Proper management is possible only after a precise diagnosis has been established.
Proper management is the key.
Proper management is very important.
Proper management maintains free passage of water and air within the root zone.
Proper management means clear lines of decision-making authority, deadlines, and accountability.
Proper management plays a crucial role in the efficient execution and completion of projects.
Proper management results in more efficient production and greater farm profits.
Proper management takes the guesswork out of the application of irrigation water to the land.
Proper manners are important in a large classroom.
Proper marketing can make all the difference.
Proper marketing is one of the keys to the success of any web site.
Proper marking is present in accordance with the original item.
Proper material is ink on mylar or archivable material no paper, sepia, velum, linen, etc.
Proper measurement can help companies realize benefits.
Proper mechanics yield a better performance on the playing field.
Some proper mechanics help players.
Some proper mechanics help young players.
Proper meditation requires complete denial of the intellect.
Proper media is allocated, mounted etc.
Proper moisture encourages growth.
Proper moisture is important to keep microorganisms active.
Proper moisture is necessary for microorganisms to compost the material.
Most proper moisture encourages growth.
Proper monographs play an essential role when the subject of a meeting is a pioneering initiative.
Proper motives are essential in Christian service, whether it's money or time or talents.
Proper motion causes the shape of constellations to distort over time.
Proper motion is an object 's change in position over time when seen from the Earth .
Proper motion is defined followed by moving cluster parallax.
Proper motion is measured in arcseconds per year.
Proper motion is the measure of how far an object moves across the sky.
Proper motion moves the star progressively farther with time.
Proper motion varies as the angle to the space-velocity vector changes.
Proper motion wobbles.
Proper motions are Cumulative .
Proper motions are Cumulative.
Proper movement helps transform a painful activity into a pleasurable one.
Proper movement is essential.
Proper muzzle starting position is critical in making the correct blend.
A proper name is a noun
Proper name is melanocarcinoma.
Proper names appear under the secondary term with last name first, then first name.
Proper names are one of the exceptions.
Proper names are rigid designators.
Proper names are rigid.
Proper names are the names of people, countries, etc, businesses and organisations.
Proper names are very bad.
Proper names can be very misleading.
Proper names dictionary with names and places.
Proper names make great examination fodder.
Proper names require the correct use of small and capital letters.
All proper names are subject headings.
Proper napkins are almost unknown in Thailand.
Proper navigation is the key.
Proper neckwear is jewelry for girls and ties made of cloth for boys.
Proper neutralization is also important.
Proper notation is required.
Proper note taking skills can facilitate understanding of lecture material.
Proper notice is required for certain concerns.
Proper notification involves completing a withdrawal form.
Proper notification is defined as five working days notification.
Proper notification is necessary for ballot question placement.
Proper notification is necessary to remain in good standing for future use of community rooms.
Proper notification seems like more than half the point, however.
A proper noun is a noun
Proper nouns are entities for they name single thing.
Proper nouns are noun phrases.
Proper nouns are nouns.
Proper nouns are places, people's names, or other things like days of the week.
Proper nouns are specific names and thus begin with capital letters.
Proper nouns are specific names of persons, places, animals, or things.
Proper nouns are the names of particular persons, places and things.
Proper nouns are the names of specific persons, places, and things.
Proper nouns are the names of unique persons, places, etc.
Proper nouns are the only nouns in English which have the first letter capitalized .
Proper nouns are the only nouns in English which have the first letter capitalized.
Proper nouns begin with capital letters.
Proper nouns have their uses.
Proper nouns keep the final y when s is added.
Proper nouns name a special person, place or thing and begin with capital letters.
Proper nouns name a specific person, place, or thing.
Proper nouns name a specific unit within that group and are capitalized.
Proper nouns name particular people, places, things, or ideas.
Proper nouns name specific people, places or things and are capitalized.
Proper nouns name specific people, places, or things.
Proper nouns require the 's'.
Any proper noun precedes a common noun with identical spelling.
Some proper nouns are countable.
Proper nourishment decreases the risk of getting an infection.
Proper nourishment helps to maintain strength, energy, weight and vital nutrient stores.
Proper nourishment is a prime consideration.
Proper nourishment is just as essential for spiritual health as it is for physical health.
Proper nutrition affects cognitive development and school performance.
Proper nutrition aids alertness in the classroom.
Proper nutrition becomes even more critical for the close-up group.
Proper nutrition builds up the immune system so that it can fight germ invaders effectively.
Proper nutrition can alleviate existing health problems.
Proper nutrition can change that whole experience.
Proper nutrition can have an amazing effect on our bodies.
Proper nutrition can help a pet avoid many illnesses.
Proper nutrition can help a problem child.
Proper nutrition can help reduce lead levels.
Proper nutrition can help the body maintain a chemical balance that combats stress.
Proper nutrition can mean the difference between winning and losing.
Proper nutrition can play an important role in the recovery process.
Proper nutrition ensures health.
Proper nutrition has a large effect on the health of both the baby and the mother.
Proper nutrition has many benefits beyond antler development.
Proper nutrition helps children learn faster and easier.
Proper nutrition helps the body respond to and recover from injury.
Proper nutrition helps to maintain spur quality as well as fruit, vegetative and root growth.
Proper nutrition is a critical component of diabetes self management.
Proper nutrition is a critical part of bodybuilding and fitness in general.
Proper nutrition is a crucial element in the muscle building process.
Proper nutrition is a generalized way of saying vitamins, minerals, amino acids and herbs.
Proper nutrition is a key component of daily therapy.
Proper nutrition is a key component to gaining the competitive edge for athletes.
Proper nutrition is a mainstay of a healthy lifestyle.
Proper nutrition is a major concern to cancer patients and their families.
Proper nutrition is a very important part of combating stress, especially for children.
Proper nutrition is a very important part of combating stress.
Proper nutrition is absolutely essential.
Proper nutrition is also a key element.
Proper nutrition is also critical in post-kidney transplant patients.
Proper nutrition is also critical in post-liver transplant patients.
Proper nutrition is also essential for growth and repair of body tissue.
Proper nutrition is also essential in preserving the immune system.
Proper nutrition is also essential to maintaining a healthy animal.
Proper nutrition is also essential.
Proper nutrition is also important both before and during the pregnancy.
Proper nutrition is an important part of good health.
Proper nutrition is an utmost concern of nursing facility staff.
Proper nutrition is as crucial as a proper environment.
Proper nutrition is as important to athletics as physical training.
Proper nutrition is central to robust wellness and sound oral health.
Proper nutrition is critical for overall health and exercise performance.
Proper nutrition is critical for the cow and the calf.
Proper nutrition is critical to optimum reproductive performance.
Proper nutrition is crucial for social, emotional and psychological development.
Proper nutrition is crucial in fending off further infection from the disease.
Proper nutrition is especially critical for first calf heifers.
Proper nutrition is essential for any athlete who seeks to attain enduring success and health.
Proper nutrition is essential for good health and a strong immune system.
Proper nutrition is essential for healthy kids.
Proper nutrition is essential for maintenance of life, growth and other vital body functions.
Proper nutrition is essential for maximum performance and fitness levels.
Proper nutrition is essential for peak performance and injury prevention.
Proper nutrition is essential for people who have any chronic disease.
Proper nutrition is essential for physical success of an athlete.
Proper nutrition is essential in maintaining good health and fitness.
Proper nutrition is essential in maximizing the benefits of any training and competitive schedule.
Proper nutrition is essential in reducing our risk of disease.
Proper nutrition is essential to good hair as is proper rest.
Proper nutrition is essential to good health.
Proper nutrition is essential to health and well-being.
Proper nutrition is essential to healthy eye development.
Proper nutrition is essential to the good health of every child and adult.
Proper nutrition is essential to the proper treatment of patients with diabetes.
Proper nutrition is essential.
Proper nutrition is examined utilizing the processes that integrate and regulate metabolism.
Proper nutrition is extremely important.
Proper nutrition is imperative.
Proper nutrition is important as is the use of a multiple vitamin supplement.
Proper nutrition is important for hair health.
Proper nutrition is important for school-age youth.
Proper nutrition is important in the avoidance of toxic amblyopia.
Proper nutrition is important to keep the body strong and healthy.
Proper nutrition is important to optimize the ability of the cow to resist bacterial challenges.
Proper nutrition is key to achieving optimum fitness.
Proper nutrition is most critical from calving throughout the breeding season.
Proper nutrition is necessary for a strong, healthy body.
Proper nutrition is necessary for good reproductive performance.
Proper nutrition is necessary for normal growth and development.
Proper nutrition is necessary for the prevention of disease.
Proper nutrition is necessary to keep the mind and body in balance.
Proper nutrition is needed to make the brain cell connections smooth and strong.
Proper nutrition is of course important.
Proper nutrition is of vital importance to brain health and growth.
Proper nutrition is one of the keystones of health and fitness.
Proper nutrition is one of the more significant ways of preventing disabilities.
Proper nutrition is one of the most important and enjoyable components of a health lifestyle.
Proper nutrition is one path needed to arrive at healthy bones, and exercise is another.
Proper nutrition is one way to help obtain and keep good health.
Proper nutrition is only one of many components affecting a healthy pregnancy and baby.
Proper nutrition is the basis for peak performance.
Proper nutrition is the best preventative medicine.
Proper nutrition is the biggest variable in producing large healthy animals.
Proper nutrition is the cornerstone to health, soundness and longevity.
Proper nutrition is the essential foundation for healthy weight control.
Proper nutrition is the foundation for obtaining optimal health.
Proper nutrition is the foundation of good health.
Proper nutrition is the key to good health.
Proper nutrition is the most important part of a balanced diet.
Proper nutrition is the number one priority in caring for a horse.
Proper nutrition is the very foundation of organic growing and pest control.
Proper nutrition is very important, proper vitamins and minerals are important.
Proper nutrition is vital to healthy hormone production, including testosterone.
Proper nutrition is vital to healthy, strong bones.
Proper nutrition is vital to maintain good health after ostomy surgery.
Proper nutrition is vital.
Proper nutrition is worthwhile.
Proper nutrition leads to good health.
Proper nutrition means eating the right foods in the right amounts.
Proper nutrition means getting both enough calories and the proper nutrients.
Proper nutrition means getting both enough calories and the right combination of nutrients.
Proper nutrition plays a key role in the health and well-being of all people.
Proper nutrition plays a major role in attaining and maintaining total fitness.
Proper nutrition plays a major role in the development of replacement heifers.
Proper nutrition plays a momentous role in sustaining a healthy lifestyle.
Proper nutrition plays an important role in general health, including that of the skin and coat.
Proper nutrition plays critical roles.
Proper nutrition plays roles.
Proper nutrition prevents deficiency diseases.
Proper nutrition produces a sound, healthy, balanced hoof.
Proper nutrition promotes wellnesses.
Proper nutrition provides the body the raw material for the body to maintain good health.
Proper nutrition requires the storage and preparation of food.
Most proper nutrition ensures health.
Most proper nutrition plays critical roles.
Most proper nutrition plays roles.
Proper objectives make exercises less expensive and more effective.
Proper occlusion depends on functioning cusp tips, especially canine cusp tips.
Proper operation is indicated by the lights blinking once a second.
Proper organisation is the key to a successful audit.
Proper organization is as much about editing as it is about space.
Proper orientation allows sunlight to enter the resting area during winter months.
Proper orientation leads to better understanding, more commitment and less frustration.
Proper orientation leads to better understanding, more commitment, and less frustration.
Proper oversight can help avoid major security risks.
Proper oversight is essential.
Proper oxidation contributes to a correction of disorders in the body.
Proper pacing is key, especially for runners and joggers.
Proper pacing is needed till the uphill climb in order to break out of the group.
Proper pacing is vital in daily life, just as in running a marathon.
Proper packaging ensures that no hazardous waste leaks from containers during transport.
Proper packaging helps maintain quality and prevent freezer burn.
Proper packaging is a key element of shipment safety.
Proper packaging is also essential to protect product freshness.
Proper packaging is especially important when a grower is selling to a wholesale buyer.
Proper packaging is essential for couriers to accept the samples.
Proper packaging is important to the success of frozen leftovers.
Proper parking is the best way to avoid being issued a parking ticket.
Proper parts are as essential to quality service as proper tools and techniques.
Proper passports are to be given to all vessels of both parties, by which they are to be known.
Proper pasteurization is critical for the safety of milk, milk products, and dairy products.
Proper patient preparation improves accuracy.
Proper pedestrians allow drivers who are especially pressed for time to speed through a red light.
Proper photography is the gateway to proving or disproving a claim.
Proper placement can significantly enhance the bass output both from the driver and the port.
Proper placement decreases the incidents of prowling and nighttime burglaries.
Proper placement is essential for success in any mathematics course.
Proper placement is extremely important.
Proper placement is important for successful use.
Proper placement is important to obtain the desired results.
Proper placement is necessary for successful operation of the dry hydrant.
Proper placement is vital to establish an evenly distributed soundfield.
Proper placement requires practice and also requires a diaphragm that fits properly.
Proper placement requires practise and also requires a diaphragm that fits properly.
Proper planning can alleviate transportation problems.
Proper planning can also reduce the threat of panic, the most contagious of all human emotions.
Proper planning can assist in minimizing estate taxes.
Proper planning can be the difference between life and death.
Proper planning can compensate for a person's lack of innate entrepreneurial abilities and talents.
Proper planning can control accidents.
Proper planning can do so much to address developmet concerns.
Proper planning can eliminate many of the obstacles in the way of a successful printing project.
Proper planning can ensure that an investigation is efficient and cost effective.
Proper planning can ensure that bottlenecks in the production system are minimized.
Proper planning can have an effect on the type and rate of crime.
Proper planning can help a woman plan for divorce or widowhood.
Proper planning can help minimize taxes.
Proper planning can help.
Proper planning can lead to some great memories on a guided hunt and maybe even a nice trophy.
Proper planning can make the difference in how liveable a community is.
Proper planning can minimize the chances of damaging or degrading the residual stand.
Proper planning can provide color for most of the spring.
Proper planning can provide significant tax savings.
Proper planning can reduce automobile use and can enhance reliance on solar energy.
Proper planning can reduce the total time period required.
Proper planning can save fuel dollars.
Proper planning can save hundreds of thousands of tax dollars.
Proper planning can uncover tax-saving opportunities and minimize potential liabilities.
Proper planning does prevent poor performance.
Proper planning ensures that future growth can be seamlessly integrated.
Proper planning ensures that growth initiatives are effectively implemented and managed.
Proper planning ensures that the right personnel, equipment and resources are available when needed.
Proper planning guarantees fine quality work and makes everyone's task easier.
Proper planning helps minimize the farm's impacts on water quality.
Proper planning is a key ingredient in the successful implementation of any new technology.
Proper planning is a key to success.
Proper planning is always essential.
Proper planning is an essential element of good procurement.
Proper planning is critical for a successful project.
Proper planning is critical in the pursuit of a successful mosaic.
Proper planning is critical to a smooth and happy move.
Proper planning is critical to the success of a new business.
Proper planning is crucial.
Proper planning is essential for a safe and enjoyable experience.
Proper planning is essential for effective teaching.
Proper planning is essential to ensure minimum casualties during mission execution.
Proper planning is essential to obtain high production and increased quality of the crops planted.
Proper planning is essential to obtain high production and qual- ity of interplanted crops.
Proper planning is essential to obtain high production and quality of the crops planted.
Proper planning is essential when considering a water source for a cattle operation.
Proper planning is essential.
Proper planning is important, too.
Proper planning is key.
Proper planning is necessary for proper compliance.
Proper planning is needed before development of any type takes place.
Proper planning is required so the satellite receiver and cables to the dish are installed properly.
Proper planning is required to help minimize gift and estate taxes.
Proper planning is the first step in landscaping to reduce water use.
Proper planning is the key for current and future needs.
Proper planning is the key to addressing problems concerning the country's water resources.
Proper planning is the key to an effective catastrophe response.
Proper planning is the key to success.
Proper planning is the key.
Proper planning is vital to all sizes of landscapes.
Proper planning is vital to save lives and minimize property damage during an emergency.
Proper planning makes a very positive difference in any relocation.
Proper planning makes the commitment a lot easier.
Proper planning plays a major role in success, so does teamwork and good communication.
Proper planning prepares the path to profit potential.
Proper planning prevents piss-poor performance.
Proper planning prevents poor performance.
Proper planning prevents poor performances.
Proper planning prevents poor progress.
Proper planning represents a significant component in radiation therapy.
Proper planning requires coordination of the tax, contracts, and government accounting staffs.
Proper planning requires thought, good data, and foresight.
Proper planning takes time, but it can save much more time than it costs.
Proper planting entails much more than just putting a plant into the ground.
Proper planting improves performance.
Proper planting is especially helpful in protecting young winter sensitive orchardgrass seedlings.
Proper planting is essential for seedling survival.
Proper planting is important for ground covers to grow and spread rapidly.
Proper play ensures success in all variations.
Proper play includes taking divots.
Proper play is also important.
Proper polarity is essential for proper operation of some tone dials.
Proper polarity is very important.
Proper position comes from performing the first set accurately in front of a mirror.
Proper position makes a front kick attack quite difficult.
Proper position unites the balance of horse and rider, giving the picture of a team moving as one.
Proper postage is needed.
Proper posture allows the body to oppose gravity much more efficiently and fluidly.
Proper posture can alleviate excessive stress on the above structures.
Proper posture can prevent soreness later on, particularly for long trips.
Proper posture can prevent unnecessary mechanical stress on the low back.
Proper posture is also critical for aerodynamic slipperiness.
Proper posture is an important element to prevent tennis elbow.
Proper posture is essential to healthy computer use.
Proper posture is important especially as the weight increases.
Proper posture is important.
Proper posture is one of the best defenses against back pain.
Proper posture is tantamount to breathing.
Proper posture is very important to prevent discomfort.
Proper posture is virtually impossible then.
Proper practices can help maintain a vigorous lawn or revive a declining lawn.
Proper prayer has three parts.
Proper prep is the most important step.
Proper preparation allows the plant to attain maximum root growth and development.
Proper preparation calls for a list.
Proper preparation can eliminate numerous errors and save valuable time by avoiding rescanning.
Proper preparation can go a long way in avoiding serious long-term sequelae.
Proper preparation can help ensure new workers have positive first-time work experiences.
Proper preparation can save much time and trouble.
Proper preparation gives players the right to feel confident.
Proper preparation helps ensure safety and survival.
Proper preparation helps, and so does knowing the benefits.
Proper preparation improves accuracy.
Proper preparation involves researching many different types of careers and companies.
Proper preparation is a good replacement for reckless bravery.
Proper preparation is all that is needed to make for a great on the road holiday.
Proper preparation is crucial for wilderness first aid .
Proper preparation is essential for a good visit.
Proper preparation is essential to achieve good seed germination.
Proper preparation is essential.
Proper preparation is important and necessary.
Proper preparation is important when boating on cold water.
Proper preparation is more than half the battle.
Proper preparation is necessary to effectively prevent, identify, and treat many health problems.
Proper preparation is the key to enhancing learning.
Proper preparation is very important to a successful recycling program.
Proper preparation makes camping much more comfortable when the weather goes bad.
Proper preparation makes it more memorable.
Proper preparation means either proper triple rinsing or proper pressure rinsing.
Proper preparation minimizes the risk of injury, fuels motivation and secures good health.
Proper preparation prevents piss-poor performance.
Proper preparation prevents poor porformance.
Proper preparation requires a philosophical and financial commitment by the host medical center.
Proper preparation requires being put in the situation and taught the necessary reaction skills.
All proper preparation is applied accordingly, to ensure that the job looks perfect every time.
Most proper preparation improves accuracy.
Some proper preparation helps friends.
Proper prepositions prefer to snuggle next to the verb.
Proper presentation is an essential component in selling a home quickly for top value.
Proper presentation is important.
Proper presentation is very important.
Proper presentation takes preparation and knowing the rules of the game.
Proper preservation begins the moment the fish is hooked and pulled from the water.
Proper preservation can only retard the chemical and biological changes in the sample.
Proper pressure helps minimize wind effects.
Proper pricing affects the bottom line more than many business owners realize.
Proper pricing is critical in today's competitive selling market.
Proper pricing is the first priority.
Proper pricing requires a thorough knowledge of production costs.
Proper procedure is somebody to argue, hear responses.
Proper procedure is to label all relationships in both directions, as shown in the top figure.
Proper procedures are important, however, to assure due process.
Proper processing adds value to the recyclables, but it also increases costs.
Proper processing is critical to protecting that access.
Proper processing is important to establish a clientele for repeat sales.
Proper processing is still important, everyone agrees on that.
Proper processing is the key to subsequent successful examination of sections under the microscope.
Proper pronunciation begins with the alphabet.
Proper pronunciation is stressed as well as logic, grammar and spelling.
Proper pronunciation is stressed as well as logic, grammar, and spelling.
Proper prophylaxis involves other measures apart from drug therapy.
Proper protection combined with routine hygiene are beneficial for upholding good health.
Proper protection is achieved through the careful selection of the type and the rating of the fuse.
Proper protection is essential for every small business owner.
Proper protection is the responsibility of the inventor.
Proper protection requires action today to be ready for tomorrow.
Proper protein comes from tofu, chicken, turkey, fish, eggs, lean red meat, and soy products.
Proper publicity requires that the speaker be listed in the preliminary announcement.
Proper questions are important.
Proper questions reveal what the client really wants and why they want it.
Proper race walking technique is both efficient and legal.
Proper rationality requires a certain modesty about one's theories.
Proper recipes are vital as is the updating.
Proper recognition can only emerge from better understanding and identification.
Proper record is maintained for the every project.
Proper records are critical to enable audit substantiation.
Proper records have to be kept.
Proper recovery is always more important than sticking to a rigid schedule.
Proper recovery is essential for a positive first-race experience.
Proper refrigeration is critical, and remains key to insuring freshness.
Proper refrigeration is essential.
Proper refutations are always strong ones.
Proper regalia is required.
Proper register is necessary for an image in order to prevent unwanted colors and misalignments.
Proper registration is a complex process that changes constantly.
Proper registration is a mundane, but important component of online promotions.
Proper registration is critical before any adjustments to color can be made.
Proper registration is the responsibility of the student.
Proper rehabilitation can salvage that investment.
Proper rehabilitation needs to be instituted.
Proper release means good shots.
Proper removal is less labor intensive in the long run.
Proper removal requires stretching the tab at least six inches flat against the wall.
Proper repair is both physically and emotionally beneficial.
Proper representation is also the key to the effectiveness of any union.
Proper representation is our specialty.
Proper research does.
Proper research involves a knowledge of the literature.
Proper research saves time and money.
Proper response is key when attending to a burn victim.
Proper rest builds up the muscle stronger than before the workout.
Proper rest can do much to stave off the cumulative effects of operational fatigue.
Proper rest following an injection is essential.
Proper rest helps chi flow.
Proper rest is also an important aspect of the healing process.
Proper rest is an important aspect of the healing process too.
Proper rest is an important aspect of the healing process, too.
Proper rest is an important aspect of the healing process.
Proper rest is essential to get the most out of any workout.
Proper rest is essential.
Proper rest is vital to a good immune system.
Proper rest makes fogs turn to sunshine.
Proper restraint is advised.
Proper restraint is critical.
Proper restraint is essential to minimize the risk of human injury.
Proper restraint is important in handling or examining primates.
Proper restraint is the single most effective safety measure.
Proper rotation is almost as important as proper air-pressure.
Proper sanitation can reduce insect pests significantly.
Proper sanitation can reduce the risk of many diseases.
Proper sanitation increases the quality of cider and prolongs shelf life.
Proper sanitation is also good management.
Proper sanitation is an important step in controlling house mouse populations.
Proper sanitation is critical in lice control.
Proper sanitation is essential since the infective organism is transmitted via manure.
Proper sanitation is important.
Proper sanitation is the key to any type of long range pest control.
Proper sanitation is the key to the elimination of tapeworm infestation worldwide.
Proper sanitation is very important in control measures.
Proper sanitation is vital to any food service facility.
Proper sanitation is vital to keeping pets healthy, and shelters face unique sanitation challenges.
Proper scales are extremely important.
Proper scheduling ensures a call center can promptly handle calls, without callers feeling rushed.
Proper scheduling saves money.
Proper security focuses on the employees.
Proper security is only one aspect of a healthy computer, but it is a necessary one.
Proper security is provided while the recovery is taking place.
Proper security is utilized to ensure a safe environment for campus residents.
Proper sedimentation is necessary for an effective filtration process.
Proper selection is based on the type of chemical or work task to be encountered.
Proper selection is crucial to avoid reoperation.
Proper selection is of utmost importance for successful performance.
Proper selfishness starts by reinterpreting self-interest, insisting that it is more than economics.
Proper servicing is very important.
Proper set is extremely important in saw maintenance.
Proper settings make for efficient cutting.
Proper setup is essential and requires accounting and organizational background.
Proper setup is needed to prevent false ghosts.
Proper setup requires fine tuning to run economically.
Proper shearing guarantees the maximum length of fiber.
Proper shielding is essential on power take-off drivelines.
Proper shoes are also very important.
Proper shoes are crucial to successful, injury-free aerobics.
Proper shoes are essential equipment, second in importance only to the bike.
Proper shoes are very important.
Proper shoes can also reduce the risk for overuse injuries of the knees and ankles.
Proper signage is the key.
Proper sizes differ with the age level of the students.
Proper sizes fit easily into ice chest or storage boxes.
Proper sizing includes measuring the length and size of duct runs.
Proper sizing is critical for good performance.
Proper sizing is critical.
Proper sizing is important for stable operation.
Proper sizing is more dependent on chewing temperament than on breed.
Proper sizing is very important for efficient air conditioning.
Proper skin coloring around the eyes, accentuate the eyes and enhances the expression.
Proper sleep is as essential to life as food, water and air.
Proper sleep is essential for emotional as well as physical health.
Proper sleep is important for several reasons.
Proper sleep is important for the body to repair itself, and an important part of looking better.
Proper socialization is very important.
Proper socialization is vital to a well-adjusted dog.
Proper software can mark, index, analyze, and do whatever with text regardless of the form it is in.
Proper software can read the header and extract the stored data that follows.
Proper soil is the secret to growing plants successfully in the shade.
Proper specification is essential for success.
Proper speed is critical, but it is only one component in the task of avoiding accidents.
Proper spelling indicates the author's education.
Proper spelling is crucial in works for publication.
Proper spelling is important.
Proper spelling is paramount.
Proper spelling is required.
Proper spill clean-up supplies are available.
Proper stalk rot management varies from field to field.
Proper stance allows the line of drive to be delivered in the most efficient direction.
Proper stance provides the foundation for a goaltender to stop any shot.
Proper stars are so hot that their surfaces are a completely smooth mix of vapourised material.
Proper sterilization is done in an autoclave or in a chemiclave.
Proper stewardship can protect it for our future generations.
Proper stocking can make a world of difference in fishing quality in years to come.
Proper storage can also increase the life of a battery.
Proper storage can extend tape life by years or even decades.
Proper storage can prolong spice life.
Proper storage ensures that safe and wholesome food products reach the consumer.
Proper storage helps prevent cross-contamination.
Proper storage is a real key to maintaining fruit quality.
Proper storage is also energy dependent.
Proper storage is also important in reducing contamination.
Proper storage is critical.
Proper storage is essential in preventing seam damage.
Proper storage is essential to serving safe food.
Proper storage is essential.
Proper storage is necessary to keep the seed fresh and viable.
Proper storage is necessary to maintain seed viability.
Proper storage is necessary to prolong freshness.
Proper storage maintains quality and prevents contamination.
Proper storage makes a big difference.
Proper storage makes for proper memory.
Proper storage means controlling both the temperature and relative humidity of the storage area.
Proper storage means leaving no air in the container and storing in the dark.
Proper storage means maintaining a clean refrigerator and freezer.
Proper storage prevents cross contamination.
Proper storage prevents insects and rodents from eating the food.
Proper storage remains vital throughout the wine's life.
Proper strategy can lead to a birdie opportunity, but watch out for a front pin placement.
Proper subtraction yields a spectrum of the pure protein.
Proper supervision aided by specialized software can control most activity from within a district.
Proper supervision is always necessary.
Proper supervision is essential to safe play.
Proper supervision is essential.
Proper supplements can usually normalize the sugar levels.
Proper support has to be coordinated with the front ends.
Proper support increases comfort and blood circulation.
Proper support is important to maintain flatness.
Proper support is key to successful thin mirrors, especially in the larger sizes.
Proper support pillows for neck legs and arms if needed.
Proper suspenders are to be worn.
Proper swimwear is necessary on all beaches.
Proper swimwear is required.
Proper syntax does make examples easier to read, however.
Proper syntax means the expression follows all of the rules set up for expressions.
All proper tea is theft.
Proper teaching requires presentation of science as open-ended and without preset conclusions.
Proper technique comes through good coaching and motivated study by the athlete.
Proper technique entails taking more rapid strides without increasing their length.
Proper technique helps kids avoid getting hurt.
Proper technique is a second technique which injuries can be prevented.
Proper technique is also key.
Proper technique is also vital for strain-free computer work.
Proper technique is always encouraged.
Proper technique is critical in lifting.
Proper technique is crucial to being an outfielder.
Proper technique is crucial, though, to avoid arm and shoulder injuries.
Proper technique is emphasized.
Proper technique is essential for the medication to be effective.
Proper technique is essential in achieving benefits from any exercise.
Proper technique is essential in order for the exercises to be safe and effective.
Proper technique is essential.
Proper technique is imperative for success.
Proper technique is important for even simple activities such as walking.
Proper technique is important to get maximum benefit.
Proper technique is important.
Proper technique is learned and perfected outside of the cave.
Proper technique is much more important than horsepower.
Proper technique is required with all inhalers.
Proper technique is stressed.
Proper technique is the key to believability.
Proper technique is the key.
Proper technique is vital to future success in touch keyboarding.
Proper technique is vital.
Proper technique leads to safer, more enjoyable skating.
Proper technique protects the patient and provides accurate test results.
Proper technique requires training.
Proper temperature is necessary for living things to carry out life processes.
Proper temperature is one highly variable factor.
Proper temperature is the best way to minimize shrink and maximize profits.
Proper temperature is very important.
Proper temperatures are necessary to force gardenia into bloom.
Proper temperatures can give the immune system a boost.
Proper tennis balls on a proper court.
Proper terminals are unsafe to report to.
Proper testing is essential in determining the correct nutrients needed.
Proper testing is important to correct deficiencies and prevent toxicity from excesses.
Proper testing is needed to select the appropriate adhesive and address potential leaching.
Proper testing is very cheap by comparison, even when done manually.
Proper testing provides the key to successful supplementation and cream therapy.
Proper thawing helps prevent the danger of food borne illness.
Proper thawing is done in the refrigerator, under cool running water, or in a microwave.
Proper thinning leaves no stubs.
Proper thinning requires good judgment by at least one keen observer on the ground.
Proper tightness is maintained by a spring-loaded tensioner.
Proper time decreases for any increase in space.
Proper time is dependent on the adhesive and process used as well as panel dimensions.
Proper timing can be responsible for some of the most devastating attacks.
Proper timing comes with practice.
Proper timing helps insure attractive, healthy, productive plants.
Proper timing helps to insure attractive, healthy, productive plants.
Proper timing is a critical factor in blasting success.
Proper timing is also essential for effective chemical control.
Proper timing is also important.
Proper timing is as important as the chemical spray.
Proper timing is critical for disease control.
Proper timing is critical for the safe, effective use of systemic insecticides.
Proper timing is critical to success.
Proper timing is critical when using the sprays.
Proper timing is critical.
Proper timing is essential for the watercraft operator to enter and exit from the beach.
Proper timing is essential to for good control.
Proper timing is essential to good control.
Proper timing is essential.
Proper timing is important and sometimes the weekend wood cutter is at a disadvantage.
Proper timing is important.
Proper timing is most important with nitrogen fertilizer.
Proper timing is necessary to produce speed and accuracy, and to avoid strain and injury.
Proper timing is possibly the most important factor to successful spring gardening.
Proper timing is probably the most important factor in successful fall gardening.
Proper timing is very important.
Proper timing is vital in exercising options .
Proper timing is vital in exercising options.
Proper timing is vital.
Proper timing requires twice daily checking for heat.
Proper tools are economical.
Proper tools ensure less damage to the toy during assembly and a more secure fit afterward.
Proper tools make the task much easier and the results far better.
Proper torque eliminates many wheel problems and improves vehicle safety.
Proper training can at least mitigate morale problems.
Proper training can make the seemingly impossible very manageable.
Proper training can prevent serious illness.
Proper training determines bud size and shape.
Proper training enables drivers to provide safe transportation and avoid preventable accidents.
Proper training helps assure success.
Proper training includes development of mind, body and spirit.
Proper training is a primary key to successful goat packing.
Proper training is a slow process.
Proper training is a vital part of an organization's growth, development and competitive advantage.
Proper training is also essential to the quality of the staff.
Proper training is also important for any dog with behavior problems.
Proper training is detailed, repetitious and simple to understand.
Proper training is essential for performing an effective risk analysis.
Proper training is essential to create a culture of food safety within our establishment.
Proper training is essential to making the deaf dog relationship work.
Proper training is essential to prevent accidents.
Proper training is essential to the operation of a safe pool.
Proper training is far better than taking drugs.
Proper training is fundamental to using any tool.
Proper training is important to minimize accidents.
Proper training is important.
Proper training is indeed essential to build muscle.
Proper training is integral to keeping customers satisfied in an ever-changing marketplace.
Proper training is quick and cost effective.
Proper training is required to accurately evaluate semen.
Proper training is the KEY to safety and enjoyment of riding a motorcycle.
Proper training is the key to winning the attention of any Superior.
Proper training is the most critical factor for customer satisfaction.
Proper training is very important.
Proper training makes the difference between success and failure.
Proper training minimizes health risks to the public and the worker.
Proper training provides the person with the skills to pick out important facts.
Proper training requires a structured program.
Proper training starts with choosing the least stressful surface.
Proper training teaches the recreational student respect and appreciation for dance.
Proper trajectory is crucial.
Proper transitions can increase the likelihood of such replies.
Proper transportation including loading, handling, and stocking is stressed.
Proper treatment can be helpful, sometimes controlling the disease until time solves the problem.
Proper treatment can help affected children.
Proper treatment can help until time solves the problem.
Proper treatment can help.
Proper treatment can literally make the difference between life and death.
Proper treatment can make a world of difference.
Proper treatment can minimize the loss of brain cells.
Proper treatment can often prevent scarring and lead to a better physical appearance.
Proper treatment can provide relief.
Proper treatment can significately slow the disease process and improve quality of life.
Proper treatment can stop further damage.
Proper treatment depends on the proper analysis of the underlying root.
Proper treatment depends on the type of ant.
Proper treatment depends on which disease is present.
Proper treatment enables patients to have much more time to wait for an absolute cure in the future.
Proper treatment following an eye injury can prevent infection and loss of sight.
Proper treatment includes pain control and sedatives to keep the patient calm and comfortable.
Proper treatment is based on a correct diagnosis.
Proper treatment is critical to prevent severe or permanent injuries.
Proper treatment is difficult to obtain in developing countries, where it is needed most.
Proper treatment is essential to the overall health and welfare of the community.
Proper treatment is essential.
Proper treatment is needed for recovery.
Proper treatment is recommended.
Proper treatment prescribed by a physician can control the disease and lessen joint damage.
Proper treatment prevents death and stops the masculinization process.
Proper treatment requires clinicians to understand the way sinusitis works.
Proper treatment requires incision, drainage and oral antibiotics to cover staphylococcus.
Proper treatment requires suctioning and antibiotics.
Proper treatments can typically control the problem.
Proper trimming can dramatically increase the likelihood of success.
Proper trimming is the basis for all good farrier work.
Proper trimming requires both hard work and some careful thought.
Proper undergarments are crucial in achieving the Victorian silhouette.
Proper understanding requires attention to their particular usage in the text.
Proper uniform consists of the above-listed items plus black or dark blue shorts, pants, or sweats.
Proper uniform is required at all public appearances, and is part of the performance grade.
Proper uniform is required.
Proper uniforms promote self esteem and hence academic achievement and good behaviour.
Proper usage can increase a condom's protection.
Proper usage helps to control pulling, barking, lunging and attitude problems.
Proper use begins with a good grip.
Proper use is critical.
Proper use is essential, because contents empty fast.
Proper use is impossible without some idea about the internal structure of xeasy.
Proper use is often the best way to get rid of it .
Proper use is required for good overall eye appeal.
Proper use keeps land healthy, while overuse deteriorates the resource.
Proper use means the condom is put on an erect penis before any semen escapes.
Proper use requires adequate citation when published or exhibited.
Proper use requires some education and persistence.
Proper use requires the removal of the front wheel in order to secure both wheels and frame.
Proper use respects intellectual property rights.
Proper use takes two minutes.
Proper utilization requires understanding.
Proper vaccinations are especially important, as are proper manners.
Proper values lead to right choices.
Proper vegetation can help keep the mound intact by preventing erosion.
Proper vegetation helps take moisture from the ground and the system.
Proper ventilation can also control condensation.
Proper ventilation can also help to lower the concentration of pet allergens.
Proper ventilation can also prevent chemicals from affecting other materials in storage.
Proper ventilation can improve the overall level of health in a livestock operation.
Proper ventilation contributes greatly to a proper environment for the horse.
Proper ventilation helps keep litter dry by removing excess moisture.
Proper ventilation helps maintain livestock health during hot and humid weather.
Proper ventilation helps prevent carbon monoxide from building up in the home.
Proper ventilation is added for bats comfort.
Proper ventilation is also important for a water heater.
Proper ventilation is critically important.
Proper ventilation is essential .
Proper ventilation is essential for all systems, except electrical.
Proper ventilation is essential to avoid a deadly build-up of carbon monoxide.
Proper ventilation is essential to indoor air quality.
Proper ventilation is essential, particularly with the hottest materials.
Proper ventilation is essential.
Proper ventilation is far more effective in protecting workers.
Proper ventilation is important in reducing biological risks.
Proper ventilation is important.
Proper ventilation is necessary to control odors and reduce the spread of respiratory diseases.
Proper ventilation is necessary to prevent oxygen starvation.
Proper ventilation is necessary.
Proper ventilation is recommended to control dust formation.
Proper ventilation is required of every vessel.
Proper ventilation is required while working.
Proper ventilation is required.
Proper ventilation is very important during the incubation process.
Proper ventilation is very important.
Proper ventilation keeps healthy, fresh air moving in the barn to remove odors and stale air.
Proper ventilation leads to good air quality that is conducive to good health.
Proper ventilation offers protection from biological hazards, explosions, and toxic gases.
Proper ventilation plays an important role in herd health.
Proper ventilation reduces the risk of carbon monoxide poisoning.
Proper ventilation requires good building design and good ventilation management.
Proper ventilation seems very critical.
Proper vigilance is exercised off and on to check the hygienic conditions in and around the canteen.
Proper visa is required.
Proper vision ensures better quality of life.
Proper voicing can result in sufficient tone.
Proper washing reduces exposure to pesticides.
Proper way is to leave engine on, set park brake, hit panel twice.
Proper weighting is a moving target that changes with every dive.
Proper wiring is important so make notes of the wire locations.
Proper worship is to be conducted in an orderly manner.
Proper wound cleaning almost equals the prevention of infection.
Any proper writer ought to be able to write about anything.
Properly space supports to prevent sag.
Properties files are similar, but are used by script files.
Properties files can contain values for String objects only.
Properties window appears.
Properties window is displayed.
Properties window opens.
Property access is marked by a garage on the left and shed buildings on the right.
Property buyers guide How to easily and safely buy real estate in Spain.
Many property buyers seem determined to push lowball offers to the limit.
Property caretakers can enjoy rent-free living by bartering their skills.
Property crime includes household burglary, motor vehicle theft, and property theft.
Property crime includes the offenses of burglary, larceny, and motor vehicle theft.
Property crime is a big problem everywhere, but it has never gotten the attention.
Property crime is more common, and thefts of or from autos seems to be a Bulgarian specialty.
Property crimes are a cash drain.
Property crimes are by far the most common.
Property crimes are much more common on a college campus than violent crimes.
Property crimes are offenses of burglary, larceny-theft, and motor vehicle theft.
Property crimes are significantly under-reported to police.
Property crimes are the most common crimes reported at elementary schools.
Property crimes are the most common form of crime.
Property crimes are the most common offense in Benton County, echoing the nation-wide trend.
Property crimes involve personal belongings, while violent crimes involve people.
Property crimes involve the theft, misappropriation, or destruction of property belonging to others.
Property crimes thrive on the opportunity.
Many property crimes are crimes of opportunity.
Most property crime is committed by heroin addicts.
Most property crimes are crimes of opportunity.
Property damage can include seepage into buildings and damaged buried telephone conduits.
Property damage can occur from flooding or structural collapse.
Property damage includes damaged property and loss of use of property.
Property damage incurred by individual tenants becomes their responsibility.
Property damage is a loss of use of tangible property.
Property damage is a physical trace of an incident, and the precursor of an injury.
Property damage is estimated to be in the millions of dollars.
Property damage is estimated to cost in the billions.
Property damage is extensive.
Property damage is generally the easiest damage to quantify.
Property damage is high, and the infrastructure is severely damaged.
Property damage is in billions.
Property Damage means damage to or loss of use of tangible property.
Property damage occurs at times in conjunction with shows.
Property damage occurs through the acts of others.
Property damage protects against damage to a host of things, from computers to carpets.
Property damage ranges into the billions each year, and has been rising in recent decades.
Property damage resulting from a storm also completes the first step in the verification process.
Some property damage is caused by animals.
Property destruction is an indicator of the city's sports success.
Property destruction is certainly violence.
Property destruction is down to a few broken windows a year.
Property development can include grading, sewers, utilities, streets, and sidewalks.
Property development is an important part of our real estate practice.
Property development is the primary source of local government revenue.
Property development is workers.
Property inspection is our ONLY business.
Property insurance covers damage to physical property and the ensuing loss of income.
Property insurance covers damage to the policyholder's own property.
Property insurance covers loss or damage to the policyholder's own property.
Property insurance covers many standard perils, such as fire.
Property insurance covers sudden occurrences.
Property insurance covers the building or buildings and contents of the business.
Property insurance includes many types of insurance that handle damage or loss of property.
Property insurance is a fixed amount for liability insurance.
Property insurance is analyzed for adequacy of coverage.
Property insurance is provided predominantly by British companies.
Property insurance is required as a condition of the loan.
Property insurance is required on property that secures the credit line.
Property insurance is required regardless of loan or line amount.
Property insurance is required.
Property insurance is voluntary and only covers damage to the vehicle itself.
Property insurance proceeds Same character as the property they replaced.
Property insurance protects against such occurrences as robbery or fire.
Property insurance ranks second, followed by liability insurance.
Property insurance see hazard insurance.
Most property insurance excludes such coverage.
Property investments are the largest financial decisions that most people make.
Most property investors purchase with a view to eventual ownership and benefiting from capital gain.
Property law does more.
Property law governs liability for different classes of uninvited persons on private property.
Property law is better at protecting a box of blank tapes than the plagiarism of a song.
Property law is complicated.
Property law regulates the relationship between members of society and things.
Property law responds by limiting the one-way ratchet of fragmentation.
Property laws unlock wealth.
Some property laws describe effects.
A property line is a border
Property lines are another important consideration.
Property lines are approximate.
Property lines are boundary lines.
Property lines are merely representations of what is on the ground.
Property lines are to be theoretically extended to a common point.
Property lines come to the middle of the creek.
Property lists are just lists of properties.
Property Lists Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
Property loss is estimated in the hundreds of millions of dollars annually.
Property losses can become devastating, but death and injury can be minimized.
Property maintenance is an integral part of our comprehensive service.
Property maintenance is one of the most critical concepts of property management today.
Property management is a business .
Property management is a business.
Property management is a highly specialized, multi-faceted sector of the real estate profession.
Property management is a profession well suited for home operation.
Property management is also available.
Property management is an area in which they have no past or prior experiences with.
Property management is an established, profitable, and well respected profession.
Property management is another major issue.
Property management is critical in today's world.
Property management is more complex and demanding than ever.
Property management is now the primary business operation of the company.
Property management is one of the fastest growing sectors of our service economy.
Property management is our business.
Property management is our only business .
Property manager lives on-site.
Property manager means a person who has managing control of real property.
Property managers are directly responsible for maintaining and creating value in properties.
Property managers are in charge of the operations of several properties.
Property managers are responsible for the successful operation of existing properties.
Property managers are the custodians of an agency's property.
Property managers have to be master marketers as well as people managers.
Property managers live on the same site.
Property managers make payments on mortgages, taxes, insurance, payroll, and maintenance expenses.
Property managers provide peace of mind while the owner is away from Vermont.
Property managers reduce parking constraints.
Property managers reduce parking demand, attract tenants and add value to leases.
Property Managers Submit a site.
All property managers carry pagers and cellular phones to insure prompt professional response.
Many property managers are unaware of illegal activity that occurs on their property.
Most property managers have limited experience with snow related issues.
Most property managers have Web sites that display their current listings.
Most property managers start as on-site managers, working closely with tenants.
Most property managers work in the field of property management.
Some property managers live at the property.
Property markets are rather more complicated than mobile-phone markets.
Many properties of light are properties of waves, including reflection, refraction, and diffraction.
Properties of water are entirely different from that of oxygen and hydrogen.
Some properties of water make interesting conversation pieces.
A property owner is a holder
Property owner can pay off the lien ahead of schedule if desired.
Property owner is required to maintain the public row.
Property owner is responsible to ascertain amount of taxes due and insure they are paid.
Property owner is responsible to ascertain amount of taxes due and see that they are paid.
Property owner means the person owning such property as shown by the city assessor's plats.
Property owner offers evidence and argument.
Property owner pays for pipe and structural material costs.
Property owner searches.
Property owners allege that the boat's wake damages their beaches.
Property owners appeal.
Property owners are also responsible for maintaining unpaved alleys next to their property.
Property owners are also supportive because the inspections protect their property values.
Property owners are aware of their property s amenity value but are unable to estimate the amounts.
Property owners are free to alter, demolish or dispose of property as they see fit.
Property owners are now able to get real- time information and control over their facilities.
Property owners are on their toes right now.
Property owners are responsible for additional costs associated with flagstone sidewalk repairs.
Property owners are responsible for all charges on utility bills .
Property owners are responsible for all the maintenance of their driveways.
Property owners are responsible for any unopened street areas next to their property.
Property owners are responsible for care and maintenance of trees on their private property.
Property owners are responsible for clearing commercial parking lots.
Property owners are responsible for informing tenants of trash disposal and recycling regulations.
Property owners are responsible for keeping their premises in good condition.
Property owners are responsible for maintenance on their property to keep drainage easements clear.
Property owners are responsible for pipes and fixtures on the customer side of the water meter.
Property owners are responsible for removal of any deceased animal from their property.
Property owners are responsible for removing any graffiti from their property.
Property owners are responsible for removing any trash that was set out improperly or untimely.
Property owners are responsible for removing condemned trees from private property.
Property owners are responsible for removing graffiti from their property.
Property owners are responsible for removing graffiti on their property.
Property owners are responsible for removing litter on their properties.
Property owners are responsible for removing snow from adjacent sidewalks.
Property owners are responsible for repair and maintenance of water pipe located on their property.
Property owners are responsible for sidewalk snow removal.
Property owners are responsible for the cost of removing and replacing their sprinkler systems.
Property owners are responsible for the cost of the treatment.
Property owners are responsible for the lateral pipes leading from the house to the sewer main.
Property owners are responsible for their share of the costs of installation and annual maintenance.
Property owners are responsible for tree maintenance and removal of trees on their property.
Property owners are subject to local property tax.
Property owners are the primary care giver for trees and vegetation.
Property owners are to blame.
Property owners are wary about letting pets live in their rental units - especially dogs.
Property owners are welcome to provide paint if a closer or exact match is desired.
Property owners are welcome to visit the property appraiser's office with questions or challenges.
Property owners become more critical with each increase in maintenance fees.
Property owners benefit as well.
Property owners benefit because they gain some control over activities on the sidewalks.
Property owners can also pay their taxes at most Cincinnati area banks.
Property owners can also petition the municipal government to initiate an annexation.
Property owners can also pursue litigation in court.
Property owners can appeal their assessment without using a lawyer.
Property owners can be eligible to have the wells permanently plugged without cost.
Property owners can borrow money to repair buildings damaged by the temblor.
Property owners can dedicate specific interests of full fee title into a preserve system.
Property owners can deduct real estate taxes they paid.
Property owners can go to the site to see the latest laws and important upcoming dates.
Property owners can increase the amount of vegetation along the shoreline.
Property owners can insure their buildings and contents and renters can insure their possessions.
Property owners can log on to the Web site and fill out the protest form.
Property owners can obtain their own building permits for residential projects.
Property owners can pay their assessments before the deadline on the assessment letter.
Property owners can petition for a review of their property value at that time.
Property owners can plant beach grass individually or as part of a community effort.
Property owners can plug wells on their property.
Property owners can receive loans or grants to lessen lead hazards.
Property owners can rewrite their leases to include specific bans on illegal drug activity.
Property owners can seek rezoning every year.
Property owners can specify the method of payment, such as check or money order.
Property owners can still pay their bills by mail or in person at the township offices.
Property owners can submit an application for exemption easily and free of charge.
Property owners can tell what's happening, and they're feeling the houses getting more valuable.
Property owners claim to be losing business because of the inconvenience to potential customers.
Property owners complain that their rights are being infringed.
Property owners consent prior to issuing permits.
Property owners continue to pay taxes on the value of the land.
Property owners experience reductions.
Property owners face a special assessment over the longer-term .
Property owners face foreclosure within six months of being sued.
Property owners hail the bill as a way of preventing frivolous rent strikes.
Property owners have a choice of their own well or the opportunity to hook onto the community well.
Property owners have a clear set of expectations.
Property owners have a duty to take reasonable steps to guard against foreseeable criminal acts.
Property owners have a major responsibility to care for and maintain their trees.
Property owners have a right in equity to enforce restrictive covenants.
Property owners have a right to reasonable notice of increases in appraised property value.
Property owners have a right to reasonable notice of increases in appraised property values.
Property owners have an implied social contract with the community.
Property owners have no cost to bear in participating in the program.
Property owners have options to pay.
Property owners have strong incentives to conserve resources.
Property owners have the right of appeal.
Property owners have the right to appeal their assessment every year.
Property owners have the right to be free from contact by a certificateholder for two years.
Property owners have the right to contest the agency's estimate of their property's value.
Property owners have the right to review their records .
Property owners have three years to fill out the form.
Property owners have three years to redeem their property from the date of the tax sale.
Property owners involve in deer management.
Property owners involve in management.
Property owners look forward to benefits from the project.
Property owners maximize income on their investment without the hassles of being a landlord.
Property owners meet qualifications.
Property owners owe the highest degree of care to invitees to make sure they are safe from dangers.
Property owners provide three examples of each floor plan at the complex.
Property owners qualify for Federal grants for historic preservation, when funds are available.
Property owners receive a percentage rebate of the total project cost based on income.
Property owners receive bills with the record owner as of the Grand List date.
Property owners receive their parcel numbers by postal mail from the county.
Property owners remain responsible for the pipes within their own properties.
Property owners require a permit to burn prior to conducting any burn-offs.
Property owners require better explanations for the wide variations than have been posed thus far.
Property owners retain full ownership and can sell or lease the property at their discretion.
Property owners roll the dice downtown.
Property owners sell at the lowest price possible.
Property owners sell small lots, new businesses move in, resorts expand, and sprawl takes over.
Property owners share in the ownership of the golf course, restaurant, and amenities.
Property owners to obtain permission.
Property owners use takes precedence over pre-reservations.
Property owners use written leases when renting real property.
Property owners warn others of suit s dangers.
Property owners work with the city to design rehabilitation financing.
All property owners are familiar with project site and scope.
All property owners are responsible for keeping properties free of all junk and debris.
All property owners are responsible for payment of property taxes and applicable penalties.
All property owners are responsible for updating mailing addresses for assessment notices.
All property owners book their own reservations, and can provide specifics about their facility.
All property owners have the right of redemption for six months after the date of the sale.
All property owners have the right to appeal.
All property owners have the right to seek rezoning of their property.
All property owners pay property taxes.
All property owners receive a tax statement.
All property owners receive rates demands and rating valuation notices.
Every property owner has the right to appeal the assessment if they feel that it is incorrect.
Every property owner needs to maintain some type of edging to keep their landscaping looking great.
Many property owners are concerned about access to their properties during construction.
Many property owners are upset about the project, saying the construction is hurting business.
Many property owners build homes outside the city limits to avoid paying city property taxes.
Many property owners feel they already are carrying too much of the tax burden.
Many property owners have their assessment charges included in their mortgage escrow account.
Many property owners litigate with the government to establish a fair price.
Many property owners rely on local professionals to manage their properties.
Most property owners cooperate to the fullest.
Most property owners enlist the services of a Realtor when they want to sell their property.
Most property owners file an informal appeal.
Most property owners have little trouble selling their residences in a hot market.
Most property owners involve in deer management.
Most property owners involve in management.
Most property owners meet qualifications.
Most property owners pay their property taxes as part of their monthly mortgage payment.
Some property owners are willing to carry short-term notes with substantial down payments.
Some property owners build coastal structures.
Some property owners build structures.
Some property owners comply with orders at first but soon let conditions fall back into violation.
Some property owners consider services.
Some property owners furnish water for their tenants as part of the lease agreement.
Some property owners have agreement arrangements designed for such circumstances.
Some property owners kill deer.
Some property owners opt to charge tenants an annual basis.
Some property owners provide deer habitats.
Some property owners provide habitats.
Some property owners provide significant habitats.
Some property owners violate fair housing laws.
A property right is ownership
Property rights are a bundle of rights held in fee simple.
Property rights are a determining factor in many global wars.
Property rights are a foundation of our Constitution and our country.
Property rights are a provincial jurisdiction.
Property rights are among the human rights essential to the preservation of individual freedom.
Property rights are an essential part of a citizen's natural rights.
Property rights are at best just being established and remain open to abuse, at least for a time.
Property rights are basic to all rights.
Property rights are civil rights.
Property rights are crucial in the transitional phase of post-conflict societies.
Property rights are crucial to the exercise of other rights.
Property rights are essential to our freedom.
Property rights are fundamental to freedom.
Property rights ARE human rights and are necessary to enable all individual rights.
Property rights are human rights, and very basic ones.
Property rights are human rights.
Property rights are in fact human tights.
Property rights are limited.
Property rights are most secure when human rights are most respected.
Property rights are natural and fundamental and based on hundreds of years of common law.
Property rights are one of the main causes of disputes between nationals and westerners.
Property rights are our core business and, as such, enjoy top priority.
Property rights are ownership.
Property rights are paramount.
Property rights are particularly prone to externalities.
Property rights are primary.
Property rights are relatively clear and markets exist.
Property rights are rights to use and control physical things.
Property rights are rules governing the use and disposition of resources.
Property rights are such an important part of civil and political rights.
Property rights are the basis for the entire U.S. Constitution.
Property rights are the bedrock on which market economies are built.
Property rights are the foundation of a free society.
Property rights are the implementation of one's right to one's own life.
Property rights are the only rights that matter in the real world.
Property rights are the primary responsibility of the government.
Property rights are the rights of human beings to possess and use property.
Property rights are the very foundation of a free society.
Property rights are too important to cast overboard with each new passing political frenzy.
Property rights are under attack by elected officials.
Property rights are weak.
Property rights belong to the first person who clears and cultivates the land.
Property rights can play a particularly important role in conservation and biodiversity protection.
Property rights come first.
Property rights create complex incentives for different groups regarding a similar resource.
Property rights depend in large part on whether persons are being good neighbors.
Property rights form the foundation of a free society.
Property rights have a central place in the fabric of American capitalism.
Property rights have value for more than economic reasons.
Property rights help delineate the proper boundary between one person and another.
Property rights help ensure peaceful interactions among individuals.
Property rights help insure that people bear the costs and reap the benefits of their decisions.
Property rights is an issue which transcends partisan politics.
Property rights mean freedom to do what one chooses with ones property.
Property rights mean self-interested monitors.
Property rights presume self-responsibility.
Property rights protect the accumulation of assets from confiscation.
Property rights provide the means for implementing the right to one's life.
Property rights remain mainly with males in the family.
Property rights take precedence.
Property rights tend to be protected and costs, contained.
All property rights are under U.S. and international trademarks and copyrights.
A property settlement is a settlement
Property settlement is bad.
Property settlement is equitable distribution.
Property settlements are settlements.
Property settlements can be complex.
Property speculation is also big in cyberspace.
A property tax is a tax
Property tax is a claim of ownership by the state.
Property tax is a fourth tax.
Property tax is a limited resource, but the only broad-based authority.
Property tax is a little over one percent of assessed value.
Property tax is a local issue, necessitating local market data and a local presence.
Property tax is a major source of revenue for local governments in Minnesota.
Property tax is a problem.
Property tax is administered by local officials.
Property tax is an ad valorem tax on the value of real property.
Property tax is an ad valorem tax, which means according to value.
Property tax is another example of a fixed cost.
Property tax is assessed based on the square footage of the house.
Property tax is collected on all personal property owned by a business.
Property tax is taken out of post-tax dollars.
Property tax is the largest source of revenue for the Kodiak Island Borough .
Property tax is the main source of revenue for local governments.
Property tax is the main source of revenue.
Property tax is the primary source of funding for local government in Idaho.
Property tax is the single biggest burden on Pennsylvania s taxpayers.
Property tax varies depending on location and assessment.
Property tax varies on location and assessment.
Property taxs are taxs.
Property taxation is bad because it requires an ever-growing bureaucracy to manage and keep updated.
Property taxation provides local government funding in Florida.
Property taxes account for just under half of budget revenues.
Property taxes account for more than three-fourths of the revenue raised through taxes on wealth.
Property taxes are a big concern.
Property taxes are a budget driven tax.
Property taxes are a leading source of local revenues.
Property taxes are a lien on the property.
Property taxes are a major source of funding for local services.
Property taxes are a major source of revenue to local governments.
Property taxes are a serious problem in New Jersey.
Property taxes are ad valorem taxes.
Property taxes are also at the heart of a political argument.
Property taxes are also common for most homeowners.
Property taxes are also deductible.
Property taxes are also legal deductibles from a homeowner's income tax.
Property taxes are always too high, but our feeling is they are fairly assessed right now.
Property Taxes are among the lowest in Eastern Ontario.
Property taxes are among the lowest in the nation.
Property taxes are an inappropriate financing source for social programs.
Property taxes are common, but rates and coverage vary widely.
Property taxes are current.
Property taxes are deductible from income for tax itemizers.
Property taxes are deductible, just like interest. .
Property taxes are deductible, too.
Property taxes are delinquent.
Property taxes are different.
Property taxes are due, registrations are due so on and so forth.
Property Taxes are Due.
Property taxes are easily the most destructive, regressive, and complicated form of taxation.
Property taxes are generally ad valorem taxes.
Property taxes are high.
Property taxes are highest in the Midwest.
Property taxes are levies on the value of real estate.
Property taxes are local taxes .
Property taxes are local taxes.
Property taxes are low.
Property taxes are lower in the town than they are in the village.
Property taxes are more appropriate for maintaining local governments.
Property taxes are no longer the region's highest.
Property taxes are on the rise.
Property taxes are one of the largest expense categories for any facility.
Property taxes are only one source of township revenue.
Property taxes are probably the biggest impediment that they face.
Property taxes are real in America.
Property taxes are reasonable.
Property taxes are regressive as well.
Property taxes are relatively low compared to many stateside areas.
Property taxes are relatively low, compared to many other metropolitan areas.
Property taxes are stable and predictable, but they lag behind economic growth.
Property taxes are surprisingly low.
Property taxes are tax deductible.
Property taxes are the engine that largely underwrites government at the local level.
Property taxes are the fourth lowest in Summit County.
Property taxes are the highest in the state because there is no industry.
Property taxes are the largest general purpose revenue source.
Property taxes are the largest source of tax revenue for cities, counties, and special districts.
Property taxes are the most common expense to be prorated between the buyer and seller.
Property taxes are the most stable from year to year.
Property taxes are the one funding source over which local schools have direct control.
Property taxes are the primary source of revenue for local governments in Indiana.
Property taxes are the primary source of school funding.
Property taxes are the principal source of public school funds.
Property taxes are the second lowest in Washington state.
Property taxes are the worst and most unjust tax of all.
Property taxes are too high .
Property taxes are too high, hurting everyone, especially senior citizens.
Property taxes are too high.
Property taxes are trustee fees.
Property taxes are unfair and too complex, and taxes in general are too high.
Property taxes are unfair and too complex.
Property taxes are up in Pilsen, and there are new stores, new sidewalks, new homes.
Property taxes are very high and energy costs are among the worst in the nation.
Property taxes are very low.
Property taxes are very unequal across the state.
Property taxes are well below the median despite high funding levels.
Property taxes are, by and large, a local tax.
Property taxes become delinquent in the year following the payable year.
Property taxes can again soar out of control.
Property taxes can be extremely volatile.
Property taxes cause many homeowners major headaches.
Property taxes collected in Texas pay for more local services and needs than any other source.
Property Taxes continue to place a strangle hold on taxpayers in New Jersey.
Property taxes continue to rise.
Property taxes depend on the type of property and start at one percent of the assessed value.
Property Taxes differ by town - check with municipality .
Property taxes differ from community to community.
Property taxes do affect low income and older people.
Property taxes fall under the Homestead Exemption provision.
Property taxes fall under the Homestead Exemption Provision.
Property Taxes Find out the cities with the highest and lowest property taxes in the country.
Property taxes fund less than one-half of the total budget of the college.
Property taxes furnish most of the city government's revenue.
Property taxes get higher as municipalities are developed.
Property taxes go up regularly maybe every year.
Property taxes have a discount, face, and penalty amount due, depending when payment is remitted.
Property taxes impact housing affordability.
Property taxes is a major issue and major concern in Northwest Indiana.
Property taxes levied by local governmtnal entities vary from county to county.
Property taxes make up most of the local share.
Property taxes make up the bulk of the general fund.
Property taxes paid in advance are typically pro-rated and seen as a credit to the seller.
Property taxes paid on a primary residence are also tax-deductible.
Property taxes pay for essential services and are a tax deduction .
Property taxes pay for general fund services, most basic of which are fire and police services.
Property taxes pay for most city-provided automobile transportation expenses.
Property taxes pay for wide array of local and state governmental services.
Property taxes provide about half of the government's revenue.
Property taxes provide about one-third of Sacramento's income.
Property taxes provide funding for schools and county services.
Property taxes provide much of the revenue used to fund local and state governments.
Property taxes provide the majority of funds for township services.
Property taxes provide the majority of revenue for schools.
Property taxes reach record levels.
Property taxes remain among the lowest in the country.
Property taxes ride the real estate roller-coaster up, up and up.
Property taxes rise, and rank among the nation's highest.
Property taxes tend to be a lagging indicator.
Property taxes tend to be substantially higher outside California.
Property taxes vary by tax authority.
Property taxes vary from area to area.
Property taxes vary from community to community.
Property taxes vary in Lincoln County, depending on location.
Property taxes vary throughout the county.
Property taxes vary widely across the United States.
Property taxes vary wildly from town to town in Vermont, depending on each town's property tax base.
Property taxes work the same way.
Property valuation is a fact question addressed in the first instance by the trial court.
Property valuation is a finding of fact.
Property value can decrease between five percent and ten percent due to animal problems.
Property value is based on the purchase price or the appraised value, whichever is less.
Property value is determined by location, condition, improvements, amenities, and market trends.
Property value is grouped by line of business or occupancy .
Property value is prorated according to the number of days in existence.
Property value is the best estimated value of the home.
Property value is up and rising.
Property values are affordable, and the beaches go on forever.
Property values are also on the rise.
Property values are among the highest in the state.
Property values are at an all-time high.
Property values are at historical highs and construction costs are ever increasing.
Property values are at their lowest rate for some years, the current exchange rate is excellent.
Property values are depressed, and the public health, safety, and welfare are noticeably impacted.
Property values are down and so is the mayor.
Property values are down.
Property values are dramatically on the rise and pride in the community can be seen on every corner.
Property values are high.
Property values are higher adjacent to healthy bodies of water.
Property values are higher in areas adjacent to clean water.
Property values are human values.
Property values are inherently difficult to measure.
Property values are largely determined in the marketplace.
Property values are likely to continue climbing skyward.
Property values are low enough already.
Property values are on the rise, as is demand for market-rate housing.
Property values are so much higher today than even a generation ago.
Property values are strong, and high because of the small land area.
Property values begin to skyrocket, and a rapid escalation in property taxes follows.
Property values can be a sticking point because refinancing takes more equity than buying a house.
Property values can dip if a community is perceived as littered or unkempt.
Property values change continuously with changing economic conditions.
Property values change continuously with changing market conditions.
Property values change continuously with the changing economic conditions.
Property values continue to escalate.
Property values continue to grow with the support of community services.
Property values continue to increase faster than other areas, and new businesses are opening.
Property values continue to rise every year and sales consistently remain steady.
Property values continue to sky rocket if sales figures mean anything.
Property values decline and tourists turn away.
Property values decline as backyards sprawl onto dunes and porch lights hide the stars.
Property values decline, and social values are overshadowed by violence and other criminal behavior.
Property values decline.
Property values determine each taxpayer's share of the total taxes.
Property values determine each taxpayers share of the total taxes.
Property values fall and the overall economy of the community is weakened.
Property values go down and busineses move out of California.
Property values go up, and houses located nearest to the rec paths sell quickly.
Property values go up, rents go up, taxes go up.
Property values increase min.
Property values increase near the light-rail line.
Property values increase with fair and equitable tax liabilities.
Property values increase with the aesthetics of trees and make our community a better place to live.
Property values increase, and neighborhoods become more stable.
Property values increase, and that's good, but then taxes do too, and that's bad.
Property values increase.
Property values remain the same.
Property values rise and fall over time.
Property values rise and fall to reflect the market.
Property values rise or fall.
Property values tend to increase when the above factors are in place.
Property values vary considerably according to their location.
Every property value has a data type.
Some property values have different meanings in different Media contexts.
A property is a possession
Properties abound with character, history, luxury, style and ambience.
Properties accommodate all size groups and price ranges.
Properties advertised are available on an equal opportunity basis.
Properties advertised are subject to prior sale or withdrawal without notice.
Properties affect activities.
Properties affect areas.
Properties affect coastal areas.
Properties affect human activities.
Properties affect permeability.
Properties affect quality.
Properties allow the user of a class to customize how the class appears or behaves.
Properties also require ever more investments to keep their occupancy rates up.
Properties also show enhancements in room decor and quality of furnishings.
Properties appear to cover most of the aspects of phase diagrams.
Properties apply to their parent element and all the descendants of the parent.
Properties are a bit thin at present, but there is a lot of useful advice for buying and selling.
Properties are accessible by road or by river.
Properties are all as unique and special as the innkeepers.
Properties are all from around Perth and lower South West of Western Australia.
Properties are all of the set dressings and small articles used in a production.
Properties are also available for inspection during the bidding period.
Properties are also available in the following areas.
Properties are also related to ion size, with magnesium crosslinked gels weaker than calcium ones.
Properties are always clean and well-maintained.
Properties are arbitrary chunks of data identified by atom s.
Properties are at a premium.
Properties are attributes of an object.
Properties are attributes.
Properties are available by right-clicking the component.
Properties are available by the week, month, and for the summer season.
Properties are available for sale in the following areas.
Properties are available for sale.
Properties are available for sublease or direct lease.
Properties are available for the week or the summer season.
Properties are available on both long and short-term basis.
Properties are available throughout the year.
Properties are available together or separately.
Properties are available.
Properties are basically application specific headers.
Properties are case sensitive.
Properties are cell grazed using time lapse grazing.
Properties are characteristics like size and color.
Properties are concepts.
Properties are determined according to type.
Properties are each of a certain data type.
Properties are eligible for two types of historic designations.
Properties are entity-specific.
Properties are features which different objects can share.
Properties are for sale, but buyers are reluctant to part with their cash.
Properties are free to charge whatever amount they can get away with . . .
Properties are functions that set or return information about the state of an object.
Properties are generally of a high standard.
Properties are in the heart of Park City, on the slopes at Powder Mountain and other locations.
Properties are in the longitudinal direction unless otherwise specified.
Properties are individual pieces information.
Properties are largely three and four-star.
Properties are like adjectives, used to give a characterization of test variables.
Properties are members of modules or controls that can be manipulated to change a state of the item.
Properties are mostly Intracoastal townhomes and condominiums with some single family homes.
Properties are now available below replacement costs.
Properties are object attributes with have restricted values.
Properties are objects.
Properties are of good quality and fully furnished.
Properties are of the acid form unless otherwise noted.
Properties are on both left and right side of road.
Properties are only responsible for paying if their system is making reservations.
Properties are open year round unless otherwise specified.
Properties are outrageously expensive.
Properties are owned by people.
Properties are part of culture.
Properties are possessions.
Properties are primarily variables with persistent storage .
Properties are private values accessed through getter and setter methods.
Properties are privately-owned and vary in amenities, d cor, furnishings, etc.
Properties are qualities that define the appearance or action of an object or a section.
Properties are reasonable but rents are expensive.
Properties are related to the structure and the composition of the molecules.
Properties are semicolon-separated.
Properties are similar to median.
Properties are similar, but German is the most commonly used and easily available.
Properties are special qualities or characteristics that a thing has.
Properties are subject to availability and posted weekly.
Properties are subject to errors, omissions, price change or prior sale.
Properties are subject to price change, withdrawals, corrections or prior sales.
Properties are subject to price changes, corrections, errors, omissions or withdrawal by owners.
Properties are subject to prior sale or rental.
Properties are subject to prior sale.
Properties are tastes,temperatures, and qualities of an herb.
Properties are the attributes of a component.
Properties are the characteristics of an object.
Properties are the features according to which things in the world can be sorted and classified.
Properties are the main building blocks.
Properties are theft.
Properties are things like name, width, alignment of an object, etc.
Properties are updated daily so be sure to visit our site again soon.
Properties are updated weekly.
Properties are used to define all objects.
Properties are user setable attributes of a module.
Properties are variables that contain values that help define the nature of the object.
Properties are well described and illustrated.
Properties arguments An array corresponding to the arguments passed to a function.
Properties Attached to a device are a number of properties.
Properties being improved include protein quality and iron content.
Properties belong to groups, and are named as such.
Properties built in active soil areas require special precautions.
Properties can also be collections of other objects.
Properties can be either single objects or arrays.
Properties can be other objects.
Properties can be settings for an object, but really they are just storage containers.
Properties can be strings, values selected from a combo box, fonts, colors, or even boolean values.
Properties can grow and change, but that's different than the essence itself.
Properties can have attributes .
Properties can now publish attributes for scripting purposes.
Properties change monthly.
Properties change subject to colors, drying conditions or substrates.
Properties come up for sale at extraordinary prices.
Properties contain certain information about individual shortcuts .
Properties cost millions instead of hundreds.
Properties cover all of New Zealand and range from historic houses and inns to tranquil farmstays.
Properties create attributes with getters and setters.
Properties cross divisions.
Properties currently supported are volume, surface area, and several hydropathy scales.
Properties database including many standard properties, plus user-defined properties.
Properties depend on definitions.
Properties depend on the history.
Properties depend upon the specific component of the grain dust.
Properties describe matter.
Properties describe the qualities of an object while methods specify the object's behavior.
Properties displays a window for viewing and editing the object's properties.
Properties Displays the basic properties of the selected file.
Properties distinguish living and nonliving things.
Properties do sell or lease at their listed prices.
Properties encumbered with management contracts are acceptable.
Properties extends  java.util.
Properties fall in between the other two.
Properties fall into several classes.
Properties feature a variety of amenities such as fully equipped kitchens, hottubs, or fireplaces.
Properties feature custom homes, large wooded home sites, and lake front property.
Properties feature fully equipped kitchens, fireplaces, and hot tubs.
Properties file specific to the query connection private sibelius.
Properties Find all the UK's best property services.
Properties fiuctuate in value every day just like a share portfolio.
Properties flow into forms and reports.
Properties generalise the attributes of an XML element.
Properties generally offer fully equipped kitchens and all the conveniences of home.
Properties give fresh insight.
Properties Give information about the current homepage.
Properties give insight.
Properties gives the rate of change of in the direction .
Properties have a name.
Properties have air-conditioning, heat and cable tv, unless otherwise specified.
Properties have economic values.
Properties have from one to three bedrooms and sleep from two to six.
Properties have full page of amenities, and contact information.
Properties have importance.
Properties have large equity positions and great resale advantages.
Properties have little importance.
Properties have magnificent views of the ocean, mountains, and fairways.
Properties have more details.
Properties have new names or disappeared altogether, and features like threading have been added.
Properties have to be owned by the current owner for at least one year.
Properties have to be shown to be sold.
Properties have values.
Properties held in trust and qualified leasehold properties are also eligible.
Properties impact business affairs, creative and marketing.
Properties include appearances.
Properties is a mission critical, turnkey, real estate development company.
Properties keep being invoked to explain a very wide range of phenomena.
Properties Know that hue is the actual shade or color itself.
Properties listed are subject to prior sale, price change, or withdrawal.
Properties listed are typical, average values, based on tests believed to be accurate.
Properties listed here are only a sample of our available locations.
Properties listed here are our reader's favorites.
Properties listed include commercial, residential, agricultural, development land and new homes.
Properties located inside municipalities pay BOTH county and city taxes.
Properties located outside eco-nomically disadvantaged areas are eligible for a lesser tax credit.
Properties located outside economically disadvantaged areas are eligible for a lesser tax credit.
Properties Make sure the property is appropriate for the selector.
Properties makes it ideal for most one side lamination, like book jackets and covers.
Properties menu in the main simulation window, and choose the Hex button.
Properties menu item.
Properties Naturally occurring zirconium contains five isotopes.
Properties now has over fifty years of continuous service to the industry.
Properties offer flexibility in room arrangements and fully equipped kitchens.
Properties offer flexibility in room arrangements, and fully equipped kitchens.
Properties open up unexpectedly and leases can be difficult to decipher.
Properties prefix is an array of strings.
Properties provide a far more efficient mechanism in such cases.
Properties provide an actor with a reason for being and give the set a feeling of reality.
Properties provide an efficient mechanism for supporting application defined message filtering.
Properties provide important information.
Properties provide information.
Properties provide more than shelter.
Properties provide semantic information that describe different instances of a service.
Properties provide semantic information that describe differents instances of a service.
Properties range from efficiencies and studios to three-bedroom . . .
Properties range from multi-family residences to single family homes.
Properties range from one-bed flats to large houses.
Properties range from penthouses to family houses.
Properties range from remote pond front cabins to quaint homes in picturesque Bethel village.
Properties range from safe, convenient places to spend the night to full-service family resorts.
Properties range from the most rustic operating farm to an elegant bed and breakfast.
Properties range in size from studio condominiums to five bedroom homes.
Properties Reads a property list from an input stream.
Properties receive a fixed commission based on the number of rooms.
Properties receiving homeowner exemptions and condominiums are exceptions.
Properties represent attributes of resources relationships between resources.
Properties Returns the nine most-recently memorized portions found during pattern matching.
Properties rule .
Properties Select the properties of new regions or selected regions in the current frame.
Properties sell quickly and all listings are subject to prior sale.
Properties selling for a price far below the median price are likely to be vacant lots.
Properties shown are representative only, and vary with the consolidation route used.
Properties Shows properties of selected file.
Properties simply define and set various attributes.
Properties supervised include both limited and full-service hotels.
Properties support to project tree items added.
Properties supported include background and foreground colours, font, insets and alignment.
Properties tell the browser how to draw an element selected by the statement.
Properties used for grouping depends on the purpose of grouping.
Properties value the caption of the menu.
Properties vary considerably among the different types of galaxies.
Properties vary depending on the compound.
Properties vary depending upon specific compound.
Properties vary depending upon the constituent.
Properties vary depending upon the specific aluminum compound.
Properties vary depending upon the specific asphalt formulation or mixture.
Properties vary depending upon the specific coal type.
Properties vary depending upon the specific component diesel exhaust component.
Properties vary depending upon the specific component of the welding fumes.
Properties vary depending upon the specific organic arsenic compound.
Properties vary depending upon the specific rosin core solder being used.
Properties vary depending upon the specific solid.
Properties vary depending upon the specific soluble iron salt.
Properties vary depending upon the specific soluble molybdenum compound.
Properties vary depending upon the specific soluble platinum salt.
Properties vary depending upon the specific soluble rhodium compound.
Properties vary depending upon the specific soluble thallium compound.
Properties vary depending upon the specific soluble uranium compound.
Properties vary from basic to luxury accommodation, coastal to hill country farms.
Properties vary from container to container and batch to batch.
Properties vary from investment only properties right through to executive homes.
Properties vary from lakefront estates to small cabins.
Properties vary greatly depending on the application the silicone is designed for.
Properties vary on parking availability.
Property abuts conservation lands.
Property abuts Interstate with high visibility.
Property abuts the north end of runway.
Property accounts with large limits.
Property accumulated during marriage is to be split equally.
Property acquired by accession, is also grounded on the right of occupancy.
Property acquired by either spouse during a marriage is presumptively marital.
Property acquired by gift is excluded from gross income.
Property adjoins golf course.
Property adjoins thousands acres of state land.
Property also contains a colonial herb garden.
Property also features a large floating dock with electric power.
Property also features public water.
Property also has a boathouse with electric lift and an excellent view of Lake Livingston.
Property also has a piggery.
Property also has a shop, barn, extra garage, and gated road privacy.
Property also has a small cabin.
Property also has a spring and a creek.
Property also has a stream.
Property also has a submersible well with newer pressure tank.
Property also has a wood shed and an approx.
Property also has a workshop with air conditioning and has a well manicured yard.
Property also has an extensive tree wind brake with a full drip irrigation system.
Property also has barn, shelter, and workshop.
Property also has duties toward the common good.
Property also has electric, well and septic.
Property also has five hot springs for tourist project, or natural health retreat.
Property also has railroad access.
Property also has seasonal creek running thru it.
Property also have space for R.V. parking.
Property also includes a commercial building.
Property also includes a double garage, shop, sauna, shower house and pole shed.
Property also includes a swimming pool and a workout facility.
Property also includes lot to the north that is also approx.
Property also includes small brick storage building and outhouse.
Property also offers garden shed and lots of fruit trees.
Property also offers rental potential.
Property also provides horseshoes and badminton.
Property apply animal waste instead of or as a supplement to commercial fertilizers.
Property backs on to greenbelt with walkway.
Property backs up to Short Creek.
Property backs up to state land and adjoins a nature preserve.
Property be East alongside either plate except no tips.
Property becomes more difficult to sell and values are reduced.
Property begins about half way to the hill shown in the photo.
Property begins on the left past horse stables, at pink ribbons.
Property belonging to a citizen is held until claimed.
Property belonging to the church is auctioned.
Property belongs the corporations even formerly public property.
Property belongs to a business partnership or company on the basis of ownership right.
Property belongs to the person who bought it.
Property boasts a beautiful open field area giving a wonderful lake view.
Property can be easily sub-divided.
Property can be either real or personal.
Property can be exempt if it is used for educational, charitable or religious purposes.
Property can be land or things, money or securities, promises or judgments.
Property can be sub-divided.
Property can be the land itself or certain rights associated with the property.
Property can become a wild card in the estate-settlement process.
Property can change hands several times over several years and never be resurveyed.
Property can include a dormant bank account, check or pension plan.
Property can range from railway arches to shop units at bus and rail stations.
Property carries obligations.
Property check weekly.
Property comes with all equipment and inventory.
Property comes with well share, septic, and electric.
Property consists of ascending plateaus, rolling hills, two rivers and virgin dry tropical forest.
Property consists of gravity irrigated cropland with a rural home site.
Property consists of multiple bldgs.
Property consists of two small ponds, woodland, wetlands and meadow.
Property contains significant hydrological features such as wetlands, streams, lakes or ponds.
Property contains two perennial creeks.
Property continues to be the main way to seriously big wealth.
Property controls the pew, and property controls the pulpit.
Property costing less than that is charged to expense when acquired.
Property costs a third of what it does in the suburbs.
Property costs more than grief.
Property currently has access to sewer and views of the beautiful Texas hill country.
Property depends upon exclusion by law from interference.
Property does lie in Flood Plain.
Property dominates church spending.
Property enjoys use of part of the roof, with own laundry room.
Property enjoys walled surroundings and fence for total priveacy.
Property enslaves people.
Property extends street to street.
Property extends to walking path in rear of lot.
Property faces due West for spectacular sunsets.
Property faces Harbor Island.
Property features a heated and insulated shop, a barn for storage, and a nice grove.
Property features a nice pool, restaurant-bar.
Property features a very unique log lodge designed by an award winning architect.
Property features boat ramp, playground, dump station, flush toilets.
Property features highway frontage and city sewer permits.
Property features hiking trails, ponds and formal gardens.
Property features phone hookups, cable TV hookups, coin laundry, flush toilets.
Property features phone hookups, cable TV hookups, no showers.
Property features small heated indoor pool, valet laundry, business services.
Property features spacious indoor pool and hot tub and has interior entrance to rooms.
Property features stream and numerous building pads with dramatic ocean views.
Property features two irrigation wells and two stocked ponds.
Property fronts hard surface road.
Property generally is divided equally among the children after the parents die.
Property generates sufficient cash to cover all operating expenses, including real estate taxes.
Property goes back to a creek.
Property goes on ten different Internet websites.
Property goes to the middle of Rush Creek.
Property has .
Property has a barn with hot water, electricity, workshop and two stalls for horses.
Property has a boat slip with a large deck.
Property has a bridge, a few old out buildings, and a corral.
Property has a creek, lots of juniper, pinon and scrub oak.
Property has a dilapidated house with boiling spring and electricity.
Property has a domestic water well.
Property has a double lot, three bedroom and a bath in an established neighborhood.
Property has a good view and a rural water system.
Property has a great building site.
Property has a large field and plenty of pines and hardwoods.
Property has a large living room, family room, and beautiful new kitchen.
Property has a lot of lake frontage and access to great fishing or relaxation.
Property has a one lane, quarter mile concrete private access road from the state highway.
Property has a partially finished structure that was built on the property s septic field.
Property has a pond and good home sites.
Property has a pool and the club house has a small laundromat.
Property has a private drive and is secluded.
Property has a slab for double wide mobile home, with well and septic.
Property has a small stream on it.
Property has a water well which waters the stock and the yard.
Property has a well on it and the lot has a lot of character.
Property has a wonderful level building site.
Property has access to public water.
Property has an approx.
Property has an inground gunite diving pool.
Property has approx.
Property has beautiful landscaping and provides privacy.
Property has boat and road access.
Property has carports and open-space parking.
Property has corrals and a mature lawn.
Property has elevator.
Property has excellent location and offers great potential.
Property has excellent location for home, with possibility of storefront or business office.
Property has excellent prospects for tourist-based or resort development.
Property has flat building site and includes small travel trailer, dock, deep water anchor and shed.
Property has four lots on lake and three back-lots.
Property has full in place management, security.
Property has full irrigation water rights.
Property has further attractions in terms of tax treatment, especially for medium-term investment.
Property has gates and several structures with utilities - near beautiful campground sites.
Property has gentle slope with many great building sites.
Property has good access and is completely fenced.
Property has good populations of deer, turkey, squirrel, and wood ducks.
Property has good, clean running creek and spring water.
Property has great income potential.
Property has great investment potential.
Property has great landscaping with fruit trees.
Property has great potential for both development and commercial use.
Property has homesite and septic approval.
Property has invisible fencing.
Property has it's own tobacco allotment.
Property has it's own well and water.
Property has it's own well for domestic water.
Property has large parking lot and vacant lots for expansion.
Property has large pine trees.
Property has lots of mature shade and an outside storage shed for tools.
Property has many fruit trees and paved brook fed swimming pond.
Property has many possibilities.
Property has many trees and plants on manual watering system.
Property has mature shade trees plus room for fruit trees and a vegetable garden.
Property has mobile home, barn and other buildings.
Property has natural springs and live spring fed ponds.
Property has nice oak and pine trees.
Property has nice stand of timbers of various sizes.
Property has no restrictions.
Property has no rights.
Property has no wetlands and is rectangular.
Property has numerous possibilities.
Property has off-street parking.
Property has one well and two septic systems, one is new.
Property has over a half mile of river frontage and has an abundance of wildlife and game.
Property has plenty of parking for boat trailers.
Property has pond and frontage on the bay.
Property has pool and tennis courts.
Property has public sewer.
Property has room to expand either cabins or a campground.
Property has sanctity attached to it.
Property has several fishing ponds.
Property has several outbuildings and fenced backyard.
Property has several small stone bldgs on it.
Property has several usable outbuildings.
Property has six springs and three ponds and is cross-fenced.
Property has snow removal equipment.
Property has spring and irrigation canal.
Property has steel bulkhead and a fantastic wide open view of Lake Livingston.
Property has swimming hole.
Property has swimming pool and gas barbecues.
Property has toilets, dump station and showers.
Property has trees lining west and east border.
Property has trees, pasture, water meter on site and power available.
Property has two existing houses.
Property has two irrigation wells in the hub of Smith River Recreational Area.
Property has two lots.
Property has two ponds and has paved road access.
Property has two restaurants and beverage bars for kids and adults.
Property has two stock tanks.
Property has two streams, fencing, paved road frontage, water and power available.
Property has unrealized potential.
Property has views, woods, meadow, creek and springs.
Property has water tap, septic system, and electric already installed.
Property has year round creek running through.
Property held for personal use is a capital asset.
Property holding revenues include dividend incomes and real estate rent.
Property houses an indoor pool and has a separate owner s residence.
Property imagine Thing underneath that ceiling on several boat.
Property imposes duties.
Property includes a building, structure, road, paved surface or object of any kind.
Property includes a pond.
Property includes all tangible assets with the exception of real property.
Property includes an add'l home currently rented.
Property includes an attached two-car garage.
Property includes an old farm house, barns and other buildings.
Property includes attached double garage and detached, partially heated double garage.
Property includes boat house with second story observation and sun bathing deck.
Property includes both real and personal property.
Property includes cabin with new roof.
Property includes concrete parking lot.
Property includes everything from plots of land, and commercial premises up to baronial piles.
Property includes great garden spot, cellar and pad for basketball goal.
Property includes grounds, buildings and equipment.
Property includes items such as cars, book bags, purses, refrigerators, etc.
Property includes land on the opposite side of the river.
Property includes land, buildings, improvements, machinery, furniture, tools, etc., and intangibles.
Property includes large native pecan trees in the pasture adjacent to the river.
Property includes marina, house, store, boat, kayaks and much more.
Property includes one of the better views of the valley.
Property includes outdoor swimming pool and tennis courts.
Property includes paved roadways, underground utilities, commercial water system and much more.
Property includes payments made through employment and self-employment.
Property includes range, refrigerator, range hood, dishwasher, washer and dryer.
Property includes real and tangible and intangible personal property.
Property includes real estate, mineral rights, and water rights.
Property includes rustic log lodge and cabins in a wooded setting.
Property includes several outbuildings, pond and seasonal creek.
Property includes spring.
Property includes streams, views, hiking trails, seasonal waterfalls, and horse stables.
Property includes tangible and intangible property, cash, receivables and other rights.
Property includes two homes that are currently rented.
Property includes well spaced pine seed trees.
Property includes well with good water supply and protective covenants.
Property inspections- before check in, after check out.
Property is a basic query that returns all known properties in the repository.
Property is a bitch.
Property is a combination of gently sloping and hills.
Property is a commodity, albeit a commodity with emotional ties.
Property is a consuming passion.
Property is a former car cleanout and repair facility - currently vacant.
Property is a good start.
Property is a hard to find recreation tract close in to town.
Property is a mapping from key to value used as resources by applications.
Property is a means to the preservation of human life.
Property is a necessity.
Property is a nuisance.
Property is a perfect place to live and retire.
Property is a person's greatest asset.
Property is a popular choice.
Property is a premium downtown.
Property is a smoke free environment.
Property is a system of regulated relationships.
Property is a useful tool for promoting human happiness.
Property is a very good means to achieve both.
Property is above flood plain, high and dry.
Property is acessed on a paved road.
Property is acquired primarily through land donations.
Property is acquired thru trade, which is an exchange of values.
Property is across the road from the beach.
Property is added to our warehouse inventory daily.
Property is adjacent to Industrial Park.
Property is adjacent to protected land.
Property is adjacent to the Red Lake State Forest Preserve.
Property is admitted to have an existence, even in the savage state of nature.
Property is all usable with paved frontage.
Property is almost a quarter acre.
Property is almost always the first thing they look at.
Property is also available for rental for weddings and private parties.
Property is also divided, when it consists of goods and chattels, into absolute and qualified.
Property is also for sale or long term lease.
Property is also for sale.
Property is also less liquid than other asset classes.
Property is an attribute of a control.
Property is an excellent retreat environment.
Property is an institution which creates unequal social power.
Property is an intellectual production.
Property is anything that can be possessed and disposed of in a legal manner.
Property is anything that people can use, control, or dispose of.
Property is appraised and advertised for sale on a request basis.
Property is appraised and assessed by local assessors.
Property is appraised by approved appraiser.
Property is appropriate for cattle and horses, just needs some tender loving care.
Property is approx.
Property is as safe as houses.
Property is assessed at market value.
Property is assessed by county assessors.
Property is assessed by the county assessor in the taxing district in which the property is located.
Property is assessed from tax returns which are required to be filed.
Property is assessed in the county where it is situated.
Property is at stake - and maybe human lives.
Property is at the same time 'right of exclusion and theft' and 'despotic power'.
Property is auctioned item by item and awarded to the highest bidders.
Property is avail.
Property is available for development both in the village and just outside the municipal line.
Property is available for development.
Property is available for immediate occupancy.
Property is awarded after full payment is received.
Property is barely worth the owned loan amount.
Property is based on the community, at village territory level.
Property is beautiful with pasture, views and bordered by a stream.
Property is bisected by powerlines.
Property is boat and road access.
Property is bordered by a stream.
Property is both classified and assessed in different manners.
Property is bright and airy, and is situated in a quiet area with easy parking.
Property is buildable.
Property is buildings, machines, retirement funds, savings accounts, and even ideas.
Property is chain-link fenced with few broken or missing markers.
Property is cheap and profane.
Property is classified as either real or personal.
Property is classified as either real property or personal property.
Property is classified for assessment in Kansas.
Property is clean and ready to move into.
Property is clean and suitable for release to general public and is outside of controlled area.
Property is clear and moving in is possible at any time.
Property is close to all amenities.
Property is close to parks, bus line, shopping.
Property is communal.
Property is condemned for public utilities or infrastructure.
Property is considered sold at the date of the contribution.
Property is considered to be any item that has a value.
Property is considered to be any item that has value.
Property is controlled by neither king nor dictator.
Property is covered at, or in transit to, the site and while temporarily at other locations.
Property is covered in a actual cash basis.
Property is covered while being put aboard, on board or being unloaded from yacht or tender.
Property is covered worldwide.
Property is crucial to the functioning of a free society and to the rule of law.
Property is currently available.
Property is currently tenant occupied, therefore notice is required for viewing.
Property is damaged and fingers are pointed the morning after.
Property is damaged or destroyed resulting in personal and financial loss.
Property is deer fenced.
Property is defined as houses, apartments, lodges, suites, dorms, dorm floors and meeting rooms.
Property is defined as monies, deposits, refunds, stocks, insurance payments, etc.
Property is described as either real or personal.
Property is desirable as a positive good in the world.
Property is desirable for well protection, open space needs, and recreational uses.
Property is desirable, is a positive good in the world.
Property is destroyed, and rational liberty has no existence.
Property is destroyed.
Property is divided into local authority areas.
Property is divided into lots.
Property is divided into real property, and personal property.
Property is divided without regard to marital misconduct.
Property is downslope but is easy to fill and terrace.
Property is easy to manage and a restaurant is waiting to happen.
Property is either of the following.
Property is endangered as far as one mile inland from the water's edge.
Property is even with womens tee.
Property is everyone's favorite subject of conversation.
Property is expensive in our area.
Property is extremely high-priced and salaries are low.
Property is fee simple.
Property is fenced and also features a small barn and corral.
Property is fenced and cross fenced, and has barn, creek, and two ponds.
Property is fenced and cross fenced.
Property is fenced and cross-fenced with irrigation.
Property is fenced and crossfenced.
Property is fenced and cross-fenced.
Property is fenced in white vinyl.
Property is fenced in.
Property is fenced.
Property is filled with natural light throughout the day.
Property is filled with what appears to be surplus airplane nose cones.
Property is five minutes from downtown and water front.
Property is for sale online.
Property is for the sake of man's needs.
Property is forever tax-exempted.
Property is forfeit.
Property is forfeited to county treasurer.
Property is former municipal airport.
Property is free and clear.
Property is freedom, it is nonpartisan and is paramount to all boundaries.
Property is gone but no one knows for sure when it disappeared or what happened to it.
Property is gorgeous at the back and perfect for development.
Property is graveled.
Property is guaranteed by the Constitution.
Property is held debt free.
Property is held for sixty days.
Property is held in common.
Property is held in trust through Mexican banks.
Property is home to herptiles, furbearers, and many birds.
Property is ideal for a variety of commercial uses.
Property is ideal for ecotourism development with the possibility of further expansion.
Property is important as it solidifies an individual as being part of a community.
Property is important because it gives the church a place in which to function.
Property is improved with a block building.
Property is in a unique and beautiful setting.
Property is in a very secluded location with lots of game.
Property is in danger.
Property is in Enterprise Zone.
Property is in excellent condition with very good rental history.
Property is in excellent condition.
Property is in fair condition D .
Property is in fair condition.
Property is in foreclosure.
Property is in good condition with no deferred maintenance.
Property is in good decorative order and fitted carpets throughout.
Property is in good state, and has just been redecorated.
Property is in good, livable condition, but is sold 'as is'.
Property is in planted pines and offers multiple uses.
Property is in the Blue Ridge Mountains an hour from Asheville.
Property is in the Enterprise Zone.
Property is in three field of alfalfa.
Property is in top condition.
Property is inspected for hazardous materials and a report is prepared.
Property is inspected immediately after check-out to ensure property is left in good order.
Property is insured under the commercial-type policies.
Property is intended to serve life.
Property is inventoried and hand receipted to the occupant.
Property is inviolable.
Property is isolated from towns and homes.
Property is Israel is sold with just the bare walls unless otherwise agreed.
Property is land-locked with deeded easement.
Property is landscaped and very beautiful.
Property is landscaped with mature and productive fruit trees, with room for extension of house.
Property is landscaped with sprinklers, fenced with barn.
Property is landscaped, paved and at grade.
Property is less expensive to buy and space is less expensive to lease.
Property is level and fenced.
Property is level and has recently drilled well.
Property is level to steep.
Property is level with the road in front and runs gradually up the valley.
Property is level with the road in front.
Property is level.
Property is like new B .
Property is likely to be divided based on who paid for it.
Property is likely to remain depressed for a while because of huge oversupply.
Property is listed power of sale.
Property is located across the street from the existing hotel and restaurant.
Property is located adjacent to state forest.
Property is located at the end of a dead end road which is maintained year around.
Property is located between two major highways.
Property is located directly across from the post office.
Property is located in a high growth area.
Property is located in a quiet neighborhood only fifteen minutes from Key West.
Property is located in a quiet neighborhood.
Property is located in an exclusive area less than three miles from Salem Missouri .
Property is located in Christian Valley.
Property is located in flood plain.
Property is located in North Auburn.
Property is located in Sec.
Property is located in the cove just beyond the sandy spit toward the right edge of the photo.
Property is located in the heart of downtown only blocks from old courthouse.
Property is located in the southwest tip of Virginia but borders close to Kentucky and Tennessee.
Property is located in the Sunset Industrial Park.
Property is located just inside county line.
Property is located just South of Cuba City's golf course.
Property is located on a corner lot and is a great place for the kids.
Property is located on county maintained road.
Property is located on high ground and gently sloping to the North.
Property is located on left hand side just after last house.
Property is located on the beach.
Property is located on the left.
Property is located on the right.
Property is located on the Salmon River.
Property is located on two tax lots.
Property is located on wooded area with wraparound porches.
Property is located south of Jasper, and is a perfect place to build on.
Property is located two blocks from world famous trout stream.
Property is located within a few blocks of downtown.
Property is located within the City's Development District.
Property is located within walking distance to restaurants, shops, and entertainment.
Property is lost in large cities.
Property is marital, unless it is excluded under the law.
Property is marked with an electric engraving pen or indelible ink pen for china and silver.
Property is more secure, data are more easily captured, and disruption is less of a risk.
Property is mostly level to gently sloping in back.
Property is mostly open.
Property is much less likely to be stolen if it is engraved.
Property is near square.
Property is needed, so money is needed.
Property is nestled in the corner of a large ranch.
Property is never an end in itself, only the means to the real objective of freedom.
Property is now available for inspection and sale.
Property is now safe only if guarded.
Property is now very low here.
Property is obtained by the free gift of another person, by toil, or by theft.
Property is occupied and there is no problem finding tenants.
Property is oceanfront with no roads to cross to get to the beach.
Property is offered item by item and awarded to the highest bidders.
Property is offered subject to prior sale or lease, change of terms or withdrawal without notice.
Property is offered unfurnished.
Property is offered, item by item, and sold to the highest bidder.
Property is older and in good condition C .
Property is on a corner lot in excess of an half acre.
Property is on a paved road and loaded with small to medium sized trees.
Property is on both sides of road.
Property is on both sides of the road.
Property is on both sides of upper part of Jericho.
Property is on city utilities in a quiet area with a fenced back yard.
Property is on left.
Property is on right with three signs.
Property is on right.
Property is on the left.
Property is on the right.
Property is on the west side of the road.
Property is one half of a luxury beach front duplex.
Property is open hilly terrain and has a possible site for building a lake.
Property is outside the Brookings City limits, but is within the Urban Growth Boundary.
Property is part of divorce settlement, argument, or agreement.
Property is partially owner occupied or rented to a related party.
Property is partly furnished.
Property is perfect for families, active seniors, and sports enthusiasts.
Property is perimter fenced, has a pond, a very small creek and a well.
Property is placed for bid in no specific order even though all items are numbered.
Property is placed in service when it is ready and available for a specific use.
Property is planted pine trees.
Property is platted for city streets on lower part of property.
Property is platted into lots.
Property is pledged by the borrower to the lender, as security for repayment of the loan.
Property is politically neutral.
Property is power.
Property is presently in hay ground.
Property is priced to sell very soon.
Property is priced to sell.
Property is private and wooded.
Property is proper to man.
Property is provincial .
Property is ready to be cleared and built on.
Property is ready to build on now.
Property is reassessed every two years.
Property is reassessed in the event of new construction or when ownership changes.
Property is received on a daily basis so the inventory changes on a daily basis.
Property is relatively level with paved county road bordering on the east.
Property is relatively low priced, the lifestyle is low in crime and high on family values.
Property is released only to the legal owner and by appointment only.
Property is released to the legal owner by appointment only.
Property is rented.
Property is represented as having no substantive hazardous waste liability risk.
Property is restricted to site built homes.
Property is restricted.
Property is sandbagged due to flood.
Property is scattered with oaks and other native trees.
Property is secluded with trees for privacy.
Property is seized under civil forfeiture laws.
Property is served with lift, and boasts of spectacular unobstructable views.
Property is served with lift, and common parts are finished to high specifications.
Property is serviced by county water, electricity and telephone.
Property is set on Visible.
Property is shared equally by male descendants.
Property is shared equally by the male descendants.
Property is shown by appointment only.
Property is sloped with multiple building sites.
Property is Smoke-free , smoker deposit required.
Property is Smoke-free.
Property is sold at a public auction to the highest bidder.
Property is sold in the county in which it is located.
Property is sold subject to existing fence lines.
Property is sold to the highest bidder at the auction.
Property is sold to the highest bidder.
Property is sold within a relatively short period of time.
Property is something that belongs to someone .
Property is something that belongs to someone.
Property is sorted according to type of laboratory equipment.
Property is south of railroad and north of North Platte River.
Property is split by a stream.
Property is ssessed by the county assessor in the taxing district in which the property is located.
Property is still affordable compared to the rest of the bay area although prices are on the rise.
Property is still home to several residential subdivisions and a public golf course.
Property is still way overvalued and the U.S. dollar peg is still there.
Property is subject to prior sale or withdrawal without notice.
Property is subject to prior sale, change or withdrawal.
Property is subject to prior sale, price change, correction or withdrawal.
Property is subject to prior sale, price change, correction, or withdrawal from market.
Property is subject to prior sale.
Property is subject to shoreline erosion.
Property is suitable for horses.
Property is suitable for release.
Property is surely a right of mankind as really as liberty.
Property is surplus to our needs.
Property is surrounded by old traditional quail hunting plantations.
Property is surrounded by open-range owned by the state of Arizona.
Property is surrounded entirely by paved streets.
Property is surveyed with rural water system, electricity and on a county road.
Property is surveyed.
Property is taken for common use.
Property is taken through asset forfeitures.
Property is taxed at only one location in Texas.
Property is taxed in the county where it is owned, claimed, possessed, controlled or managed.
Property is taxed.
Property is the driving force.
Property is the foundation and context of the rational relationship between man and nature.
Property is the fruit of labor property is desirable is a positive good in the world.
Property is the right to exclude others.
Property is the right to use, possess, enjoy and dispose of a thing.
Property is the suicide of society.
Property is the very symbol of a person's freedom.
Property is theft.
Property is to be divided equitably between the parties upon divorce.
Property is to be privately owned by families.
Property is to be used for the good of the society.
Property is to the right of the River.
Property is too inexpensive.
Property is transferred by a warranty deed.
Property is transferred from the transferor to th transferor.
Property is transferred from the transferor to the transferor.
Property is transferred to a DoS designated representative upon arrival.
Property is transferred to the person who made the request.
Property is under construction with a est.
Property is under excellent fence.
Property is unimproved.
Property is unrestricted but ideal for A-frame, cabin or vacation getaway.
Property is used as security for a loan.
Property is usually the highest level of aggregation.
Property is valued at fair market value, with the major exception being special use valuation.
Property is valued in two main ways.
Property is very airy, and is ready to move into.
Property is very expensive to buy.
Property is very high in Eureka, since demand exceeds supply.
Property is very private with plenty of deer and wild turkey, truly a sportsman's paradise.
Property is very secluded and wildlife abounds.
Property is visible from the highway.
Property is warranted to be smoke-free.
Property is well drained and manicured.
Property is well maintained and secure.
Property is well treed.
Property is well utilized and has room for major expansion or possible subdivision.
Property is well-lit with automatic lights.
Property is well-located in the Arts District of River North.
Property is wheelchair-accessible.
Property is within the city limits of Salem with all the usual utilities at the site.
Property is wooded and rolling.
Property is wooded in the back and meadows in the front.
Property is wooded.
Property is worth what someone ready and able is willing to pay for it.
Property is zoned commercial.
Property is zoned industrial, small industrial tracts for small businesses.
Property isa entity.
Property joins a county road and has a nice view.
Property Let's talk about property as an institution.
Property liens specializes in online, real-time searches of property liens.
Property lies north and east.
Property listed also includes contact person and phone numbers.
Property listings for most offices are available on the Internet or by direct mail.
Property looks out at the old beautiful brick mill.
Property makes sense in the context of physical goods because they re definable.
Property means and includes real and personal property.
Property means anything of value.
Property means real property including buildings, grounds and lots.
Property mens running shoes.
Property needs promotion.
Property needs protection.
Property needs renovations.
Property needs to be re-created in parts of South Africa.
Property needs to purchased.
Property needs well, electric, and septic.
Property objects exchange between Ukraine and Moldova is a goodwill gesture from Kiev.
Property offer high visibility and unlimited potential for the right buyer.
Property offers a gorgeous view of river.
Property offers a gym and pool.
Property offers a one car attached garage and is well landscaped.
Property offers absolute seclusion for a custom home.
Property offers commercial possibilities and is a fantastic place from which to kayak.
Property offers educational or historical benefit such as an archeological site.
Property offers exceptional building sites with southern exposure.
Property offers four rooms in historic building.
Property offers great development potential.
Property offers lots of upside.
Property offers several desirable building sites plus potential lake area.
Property offers superior quality in construction and finishings.
Property os on the right.
Property overlooks Des Plaines River.
Property overlooks historic Washington Park.
Property overseen by the unit is overwhelmingly the result of foreclosures of agency loans.
Property owned by a spouse prior to marriage is nonmarital.
Property owned by public utilities, however, is taxed.
Property passes to charity with no probate fees.
Property passing to charity is free from the possible burden of estate taxes.
Property perfect for horse or pure-bred cattle operation.
Property placed in the remainder trust is taxed upon the death of the settlor.
Property placed in the trust is called the corpus of the trust.
Property predates the state.
Property presently is idle and has three cottages.
Property Provides a string representation of the user name.
Property Provides links to a variety of resources involving property.
Property provides outside none belt either paying ford probe.
Property provides planty of privacy.
Property Provides the full path to the script being run.
Property raise among the content either smile duke blue devils caps.
Property refers to all assets used in governmental operations.
Property refers to one's material possessions and their life chances.
Property refers to the cold, hot, warm or cool nature of a drug.
Property register on-line.
Property remains aesthetically pleasing.
Property remains leased to the same tenants after twelve years.
Property remains within a Gens.
Property rented by the business entity is valued at eight times the net annual rental rate.
Property rented by the corporation is valued at eight times the net annual rental rate.
Property rented by the taxpayer is valued at eight times the net annual rental rate.
Property represents a major proportion of the world's wealth and needs to be managed effectively.
Property Represents a property of an ADO object.
Property requires some maintenance, but has massive potential to convert to an exclusive residence.
Property requires some updating though a worthwhile investment.
Property requires substantial renovation, repositioning, or financial restructuring.
Property Retrieves a string specifying the URL of the print template.
Property Retrieves an interface pointer to an object representing the active selection.
Property Retrieves the automation object of the active document, if any.
Property Retrieves the object that fired the event.
Property Retrieves the ready state of the object .
Property Retrieves the URL of the location that referred the user to the current page.
Property Returns a string containing the full path to the host executable or shortcut object.
Property Returns the network share name for a specified drive.
Property Returns the ordinal value of a containment property.
Property Returns the window object where the context menu item was executed.
Property rolls off gently to the stream.
Property runs from the barn back to the west.
Property See real property or land.
Property sets back with a long driveway which provides good privacy.
Property sits at the end of a private quiet country road.
Property Sits on a great corner lot.
Property sits on private road leading to preserve.
Property Specifies the color of the grid lines for the calendar behavior.
Property stamp each box of microfilm.
Property stamp each volume on each edge and in the upper left-hand corner of the inside front cover.
Property starts at the stop sign.
Property starts in center of photo and extends one inch to the right.
Property suggest toward an medicine yet shoot saints and sinners.
Property suggest toward an medicine yet shoot saving faith.
Property suggest toward an medicine yet shoot scholastic mystery books.
Property suggest toward an medicine yet shoot seize the night.
Property surrounding well is wet.
Property taken includes three computers, dozens of disks and tapes and shredded paper.
Property taken to such events is covered by State self-insurance.
Property then becomes the manifestation of a human being's productive intellect.
Property there is subject to Bay County's property rate.
Property typically forms the bulk of most people's estate.
Property valued at over one and a half millions of dollars is the fruit of the success.
Property varies from motorcycles to office equipment.
All properties accept major credit cards.
All properties accept on-line reservations with instant confirmation except for Phantom Ranch.
All properties accept on-line reservations with instant confirmation.
All properties advertised are available on an equal opportunity basis.
All properties advertised are subject to prior sale, change or withdrawal.
All properties are accessible by the physically handicapped.
All properties are available for viewing by direct arrangement with their owners.
All properties are available with owner financing.
All properties are away from roads in secluded locations, safe for children.
All properties are consistent with chlorite.
All properties are easily and legally accessible on existing roads.
All properties are editable.
All properties are for sale at the prices listed.
All properties are for technical endothall unless otherwise noted.
All properties are freehold.
All properties are Hawthorn Suites, unless noted.
All properties are in recommended areas , and have been visited and reviewed by our team.
All properties are non-smoking .
All properties are non-smoking.
All properties are now open, and access is available to nearly all of the Lake District fells.
All properties are on country estates and include some rather special individual houses.
All properties are real estate agent and broker protected.
All properties are self-catering.
All properties are subject to appraisal.
All properties are subject to availability and change .
All properties are subject to availability and owner consent.
All properties are subject to availability, and rates are subject to change at any time.
All properties are subject to change, prior sale or withdrawal.
All properties are subject to change, withdrawal, or prior sale.
All properties are subject to previous sale.
All properties are subject to price change.
All properties are subject to price changes.
All properties are subject to prior contract, sale, change or withdrawal.
All properties are subject to prior lease or sale.
All properties are subject to prior rental, change, or withdrawal.
All properties are subject to prior sale and removal from market.
All properties are subject to prior sale change or withdrawal.
All properties are subject to prior sale or removal from the market.
All properties are subject to prior sale or rental, change or withdrawal.
All properties are subject to prior sale or withdrawal without notice.
All properties are subject to prior sale or withdrawal.
All properties are subject to prior sale without notice.
All properties are subject to prior sale, change and withdraw.
All properties are subject to prior sale, change or withdrawal.
All properties are subject to prior sale, change or withdrawl.
All properties are subject to prior sale, change ore withdrawal.
All properties are subject to prior sale, change withdrawal.
All properties are subject to prior sale, change, or withdrawal without notice.
All properties are subject to prior sale, change, or withdrawal.
All properties are subject to prior sale, or withdrawal.
All properties are subject to prior sale, price changes, modifications or cancellations.
All properties are subject to prior sale, rent, lease, or withdrawal.
All properties are subject to prior sale, sale pending, price change, and off-market status.
All properties are subject to prior sale, sale pending, price change, expired or off-market status.
All properties are subject to prior sale, sale pending, price change, or off-market status.
All properties are subject to prior sale, sale pending, price changes, expired or off-market status.
All properties are subject to prior sale.
All properties are subject to re-evaluation every four years for taxing purposes.
All properties are unique.
All properties are vetoable properties.
All properties are waterfront.
All properties are well equipped and professionally cleaned.
All properties are well-maintained, but renovations to some properties are more recent than others.
All properties are within walking distance of the conference activities.
All properties are within walking or shuttle distance to the ski area.
All properties border the common area.
All properties can have a free photo.
All properties connected to the public wastewater system pay wastewater fees.
All properties feature maps, photographs and full schedules.
All properties featured here are an easy walk from our Inner Harbor terminal.
All properties have a maximum number of guests.
All properties have access to barbecues in the summer.
All properties have access to the free resortwide shuttle system.
All properties have at least one house on three or more acres of land.
All properties have colour photos and full description.
All properties have colour television, radio, shaver point, bedside lights.
All properties have default values that generally produce desirable results.
All properties have default values that have been chosen for their efficient execution.
All properties have direct contact information to the sellers.
All properties have excellent solar exposure, and have fine views.
All properties have full electric heating and are suitable for a holiday at any time of the year.
All properties have good access to main transport routes to the city centre and universities.
All properties have good solar exposure, and have views which vary from pastoral to grand.
All properties have independent electricity, water and telephone connections.
All properties have lots of shops.
All properties have off-street parking provision, many with space to accommodate several vehicles.
All properties have private living quarters, studio equipment with computers, and common rooms.
All properties have rights to lake access .
All properties have swimming pools available to guests and some include a clubhouse for events.
All properties have swimming pools.
All properties have the benefit of off road parking and shared swimming pool and gardens.
All properties have the same floor plans.
All properties have to be defined somewhere, otherwise they are meaningless.
All properties have to meet an extensive list of minimum requirements to take part in the scheme.
All properties have underground utilities on site or have access to power and phone nearby.
All properties here are available on an equal opportunity basis.
All properties listed are subject to prior sale or withdrawal without notice.
All properties listed are subject to prior sales, withdrawl or cancellation without notice.
All properties listed by advertisers are subject to prior sale, change or withdrawal at any time.
All properties listed here are available on an equal opportunity basis.
All properties listed on the site are fifty years or older.
All properties meet necessary fire precautions.
All properties now are at the top end of the quality list.
All properties offered for sale and rent are subject to change or withdrawal without notice.
All properties pride themselves in their first-class locations.
All properties provide a television set and basic cable service.
All properties provide bedding i.e. duvets, blankets, pillows.
All properties purchased are to be purchased at or lower than the appraised price.
All properties readily accessible all year round.
All properties relating to the scarcity and conservation of such non-endless abundance are economic.
All properties reset and records deleted.
All properties return long values.
All properties shown here give the owner's name, address, and phone.
All properties specialize in outstanding oceanfront locations with upscale tropical interiors.
All properties strictly enforce maximum occupancy.
All properties waterfront.
All property acquired by husband and wife during marriage is presumed to be community property.
All property acquired by parties during the marriage is community property.
All property becomes one, all people become one race.
All property belongs to the Order.
All property belongs to the society, so no individual has personal interests or rights in it.
All property continues to belong to the client and is held in trust in the client's name.
All property fits into one of the eight depreciation classes.
All property has some economic value.
All property including commercial is treated in the same uniform manner.
All property is assessed as of that date.
All property is assessed at full market value by local county assessors.
All property is authenticated by specialists in their respective fields.
All property is available on an equal opportunity basis.
All property is common property.
All property is community owned.
All property is either movable or immovable.
All property is fenced and posted.
All property is for sale or lease.
All property is held by contract.
All property is held until claimed by the owner or the completion of a forfeiture case.
All property is marital property unless proven to be separate property.
All property is marital property.
All property is mown per an established schedule.
All property is owned and managed jointly, unless prenuptial agreements stipulate otherwise.
All property is owned by someone.
All property is owned collectively.
All property is required to be revalued every six years.
All property is separated into zoning districts.
All property is sold by the competitive sealed bid process.
All property is sold subject to any lease agreements outstanding.
All property is stored in secured areas.
All property is subject to price change withdrawals, corrections, or prior sales.
All property is subject to price change, withdrawals, corrections, or prior sales.
All property is subject to prior sale.
All property is subject to property tax unless specifically exempted by statute.
All property is taxable unless a federal or state law provides an exemption for it.
All property is taxable unless federal law or the state constitution provides an exemption for it.
All property is taxable unless federal or state law provides an exemption for it.
All property is taxable unless state or federal law exempts all or part of the value.
All property is transferred on an open account basis.
All property is used with permission.
All property owned by each spouse before marriage is the separate property of that spouse.
All property passes to the trustee upon filing of the bankruptcy petition.
All property surrounding the campground is private property.
Any properties listed are subject to prior sale or withdrawal without notice.
Any property can change over time.
Any property given to a tax-exempt charity avoids federal gift taxes.
Any property listed in any category is available from any broker, in most cases.
Every property accessed by object methods has a unique name.
Every property can access the same information as the corporate headquarters via the Internet.
Every property can be a class.
Every property can have it's marketability improved by changing it's appearance.
Every property has a history of ownership outlined among local public records.
Every property has a rating as well.
Every property has a view.
Every property has their own system.
Every property has to have a get and a set .
Every property held in fee-simple title is subject to the federal government's underlying title.
Every property is an object and every object can be considered as a property.
Every property is derivable from another one.
Every property is different, and every landowner has different needs.
Every property is different, and the circumstances affecting each transaction vary widely.
Every property is different.
Every property is evaluated and packaged for maximum positive impact to prospective buyers.
Every property is inspected annually to ensure quality standards are maintained.
Every property is inspected before greenbelt is granted.
Every property is owned by someone or something.
Every property is protected by a pre-set minimum price.
Every property is taxed by the county and the local school district.
Every property is unique, so everybody tweaks the knobs and figures out their own approach.
Every property is unique.
Every property listed for sale is given special attention.
Every property needs to be described by a property descriptor.
Every property occupies one line of the input stream.
Every property poses it's own unique set of challenges.
Many properties afford scenic views of the Pacific, surrounding mountains or both.
Many properties also feature a picture of the property.
Many properties also offer jacuzzis, saunas and tennis courts.
Many properties also require that guests provide a major credit card guarantee.
Many properties are available in all price ranges.
Many properties are available in the off-season.
Many properties are former gasoline stations.
Many properties are in a rental pool for income purposes.
Many properties are local tourist attractions.
Many properties are miles apart.
Many properties are part of a multiple property submission.
Many properties are quite admirable.
Many properties are, however, within easy distance of some of our major European cities.
Many properties can accommodate additional people with sleeper sofas or roll-aways.
Many properties end up as remainders or shredded paper.
Many properties enjoy magnificent views and pools and some offer tennis courts.
Many properties enjoy magnificent views of the sea and the spectacular Caribbean sunsets.
Many properties enjoy spring fed ponds.
Many properties feature antique architectural details requiring special attention.
Many properties go under agreement before they are advertised.
Many properties have at least a partial view, while some offer full.
Many properties have central heating or log-burners for chilly evenings.
Many properties have disclosure statements that tell of any known problems.
Many properties have excellent views of the Smoky Mountains.
Many properties have great views of the Mediterranean Sea and the countryside.
Many properties have inspections right up front.
Many properties have minimum night stay requirements.
Many properties have multiple offers, others sell within hours of being listed.
Many properties have pull-down lists of options.
Many properties have surveyor's pins buried along the lines.
Many properties have thermal systems and pools.
Many properties have two, even three, curb cuts.
Many properties indicate there are special vacation packages available.
Many properties now come with free membership to leisure clubs.
Many properties now feature virtual tours and can be found via our cottage search.
Many properties offer complimentary golf and tennis.
Many properties offer triple and quadruple occupancy.
Many properties pay for extra utilities such as gas, hot water and cable.
Many properties provide only limited housekeeping and food services.
Many properties provide pictures and descriptions of their facilities.
Many properties specialize in cattle rearing.
More properties are being added, please visit often.
More property being developed today means less undeveloped property in the future.
More property is damaged in the United States by floods than other natural disasters.
More property is good.
Most properties access their water from wells.
Most properties affect activities.
Most properties affect areas.
Most properties affect coastal areas.
Most properties affect human activities.
Most properties affect permeability.
Most properties affect quality.
Most properties also feature ski, casino, wedding and honeymoon, and romance packages.
Most properties also have pools, guest laundries, electronic door locks, and phones with dataports.
Most properties also offer dental and vision insurance, as well as prescription plans.
Most properties also require a minimum stay of two to five nights.
Most properties are difficult to heat adequatley.
Most properties are easily accessible and offer privacy and impressive scenery.
Most properties are far away from modern conveniences.
Most properties are measured using a number and a unit of measurement.
Most properties are new with very modern features and are built to condo specifications.
Most properties are now rentals with absentee landlords or uncaring landlords.
Most properties are owned by people.
Most properties are owner financed with convenient terms.
Most properties are owner managed assuring top service and care.
Most properties are salable by auction.
Most properties are seasonal.
Most properties are significant because of their local significance.
Most properties are suitable for a site built home or a mobile home.
Most properties are suitable to be sold at auction.
Most properties are waterfront with private docks and offer views of the surrounding mountains.
Most properties do offer free parking to their guests.
Most properties drain to the curb.
Most properties enjoy regular afternoon sea breezes which precede the delightful evening climate.
Most properties give fresh insight.
Most properties give insight.
Most properties have a minimum occupancy rate to break even.
Most properties have a swimming pool or access to one.
Most properties have a TV with a satellite dish and tuner and most have a decoder as well.
Most properties have an occupancy standard.
Most properties have central heating and washing machines.
Most properties have economic values.
Most properties have importance.
Most properties have inventories.
Most properties have little importance.
Most properties have methods or procedures to both set and get the property value.
Most properties have microwaves, coffee makers and toasters as well.
Most properties have private hot tubs for apres-ski relaxation.
Most properties have special rates available for longer bookings.
Most properties have substantially lower rates during the off season.
Most properties have their own private swimming pool and terrace.
Most properties have three and four diamond ratings.
Most properties have values.
Most properties improve on ageing.
Most properties offer braille guides and some offer audiotape tours.
Most properties offer discounts for children when purchasing individual admission tickets.
Most properties offer studio, one bedroom, and two bedroom suites.
Most properties provide firewood if they have fireplaces.
Most properties provide important information.
Most properties provide information.
Most property appears to be in California.
Most property is also in a city or town, a library district, and one or more special districts.
Most property is let unfurnished and even furnished apartments are sparsely equipped.
Most property is listed as unclaimed if it has been inactive for five years.
Most property is sold or leased with the aid of a real estate agent who is employed by a broker.
Most property is taxed by more than one taxing authority.
Most property is vacant.
Most property leases state the obvious in terms of the incomprehensible.
Most property used for religious, fraternal, and governmental purposes is exempt.
Much property is still in private hands.
Some properties actually decrease in value.
Some properties affect behavior.
Some properties allow full nudes naked around pools or other areas.
Some properties allow limited hunting.
Some properties allow small pets and children.
Some properties also have ongoing special assessments.
Some properties also have pool table, wet bar, hot tub, pool, and barbecue grill.
Some properties also have pre-registration, so call ahead.
Some properties also have tent sites, rental trailers, cabins, condos or motel units available.
Some properties also offer amenities that include pools and tennis courts.
Some properties also offer oceanfront rooms and suites.
Some properties also require a major credit card guarantee.
Some properties appear repeatedly throughout the records and others show up only periodically.
Some properties are caused by fire.
Some properties are contiguous and some are two to three blocks away.
Some properties are currently in the process of being sold to or acquired by other companies.
Some properties are direct road access with driveways in place.
Some properties are for sale or for rent by owner.
Some properties are instantiated by individuals because of the relations they bear to other things.
Some properties are like a nonmetal.
Some properties are owned by husbands.
Some properties are owned by managers.
Some properties are owned by other private owners.
Some properties are owned by other private property owners.
Some properties are owned by owners.
Some properties are owned by parents.
Some properties are owned by private owners.
Some properties are owned by property owners.
Some properties can accept writes, and others can only be read.
Some properties can include symmetrical cloning sites, size, and high copy number.
Some properties can only accommodate a certain number of tenants.
Some properties cause behavior.
Some properties charge a no-show tax.
Some properties charge extra.
Some properties check also the dtd to validate their values.
Some properties come from seawater.
Some properties contain an interactive map using virtual-map technology.
Some properties contain two or three adjoining hotels owned by the same company.
Some properties cost more to clean up than their market value.
Some properties depend on temperature.
Some properties enhance importance.
Some properties enjoy scenic vistas while others have the additional charm of a village setting.
Some properties even have restaurants and bars on the premises.
Some properties even permit pets.
Some properties fall into both categories.
Some properties feature a private hot tub in the unit or on the deck.
Some properties have a higher risk of lightning damage.
Some properties have a microwave and separate dining area.
Some properties have a right of passage through lands belonging to another property.
Some properties have a three day minimum with the daily rate one-fifth of the weekly quoted rate.
Some properties have additional charges per month for water, trash, security lights and pets.
Some properties have additional photos and floor plans.
Some properties have an on site manager that live on the property.
Some properties have as few as one additional charge, while other have several.
Some properties have as few as one additional charge, while others have several.
Some properties have base rates and charge more per extra person per night.
Some properties have conditional use permits and other strings attached.
Some properties have dependencies on each other.
Some properties have different guidelines, ask the property manager.
Some properties have effects.
Some properties have extra charges and minimum stays.
Some properties have higher rental rates during holiday weeks.
Some properties have issues.
Some properties have links to homepages.
Some properties have meters that are read via the phone lines.
Some properties have no special district charges, while others have a few separate items listed.
Some properties have photographs and descriptions, most just an email link.
Some properties have photos.
Some properties have potential.
Some properties have pre-registration.
Some properties have properties, too.
Some properties have restrictions on the number, type, size, or weight of pets they allow.
Some properties have roof-top terraces with magnificent views and some have small plunge pools.
Some properties have swimming pools and exercise facilities.
Some properties have tumble dryers, dishwashers, microwaves and electric mixers.
Some properties have value-enhancing views and frontages.
Some properties help arthritis.
Some properties help growth.
Some properties here have a pool and two-car garage.
Some properties incorporate family accommodation.
Some properties increase at a higher rate because they are more desirable to purchasers.
Some properties influence behavior.
Some properties involve or incorporate particulars.
Some properties involved belong to the city.
Some properties kill bacteria.
Some properties kill harmful bacteria.
Some properties limit pets to smoking rooms or a certain section of the property.
Some properties never change.
Some properties offer air conditioning, ceiling fans, stereo, or washer and dryer.
Some properties offer an oven and dishwasher.
Some properties offer fireplaces and sports complex.
Some properties offer oceanfront rooms and suites.
Some properties offer package deals year 'round that offer savings and convenience.
Some properties offer ski packages that include lodging and ski lift tickets.
Some properties offer their own corporate apartments, available directly through the leasing staff.
Some properties pay taxes in the form of assessments, usually to a special taxing district.
Some properties pay utilities with the lease.
Some properties promote bonds.
Some properties provide a cleaning checklist and spot inspections before check-out.
Some properties provide cots and high chairs.
Some properties provide explanations.
Some properties relate to infection.
Some properties relate to viral infection.
Some properties remain constant even when other features are changed.
Some properties require a deposit to hold a guest room.
Some properties require a security deposit against breakage and telephone charges.
Some properties require a security deposit equal to or greater than amount of rent.
Some properties require utility fees as well.
Some properties run specials with lower deposits.
Some properties still have an unregistered title.
Some properties uniquely identify an entity.
Some property appears to be valuable while others seem to present security concerns.
Some property carried by the objects is unaffected by the collision and is therefore preserved.
Some property is never eligible for a tax free exchange.
Some property is non-exempt.
Some property is of dual character, being part marital and part separate.
Some property is owned in tenancy by the entirety.
Some property is sold subject to a lease agreement.
Some property is transferred automatically at death to the person with survivorship rights.
Prophase is a stage
Prophase isa stage.
Prophase occupies over half of mitosis.
Prophase sets in as cell cycle factors operating in regulating cell division events are ready to go.
Prophase takes as much time as the other three phases combined.
Some prophase is part of meiosis.
Some prophase is part of nondisjunction.
Prophecies of doom are also a winner for the media.
Prophecies of doom are the best sellers.
Prophecies abound throughout the book.
Prophecies are conditional.
Prophecies are irrelevant, falsely interpreted, and question begging.
Prophecies are notoriously faulty in troubled times.
Prophecies are of no value when love reigns supreme upon the reality of our lives.
Prophecies are predictions of future events.
Prophecies are verifiable in their fulfillment.
Prophecies confirm the reliability of the Bible.
Prophecies end times, etc.
Prophecies flow from ancient springs as surely as the water.
Prophecies have the power to fill one with fright.
Prophecies mean very little without the proper historical settings.
Prophecies Please direct only comments or questions about our site to our webmaster .
Prophecies set the stage of anticipation and waiting for something big.
Prophecies validate the bible.
Prophecy is anticipation
Prophecy is predictions.
All prophecy invite bright how bitter, and sheet dry somebody.
All prophecy is limited.
All prophecy requires some action on the recipient s part.
Every prophecy being fulfilled is another proof the Bible is true.
Many prophecies are soulish prophecies which are made up in the mind of man or woman.
Some prophecies also cover widely separated events, and are hard to decipher.
Some prophecies are self-fulfilling.
Some prophecies are short.
Some prophecies have more than one fulfillment.
Some prophecy is divination.
Some prophecy is spoken presumptuously or given out of the deceit of the heart.
Prophesies have a way of being self-fulfilling, and surely nobody wants that.
Prophet of Rage offers a fine introduction to a compelling Ameircan original.
A prophet is a diviner
Prophet is overthrown.
Prophet is second only to apostle in the church.
Prophet provides online investors with clear and concise investment info.
Prophet works in the areas of brand strategy, digital commerce and litigation support.
Prophets are a big religious come-on gimmick.
Prophets are able to prophesy into the lives of individuals, and are the eyes of the church.
Prophets are also the foundation making it one church.
Prophets are always unpopular, because they say hard things.
Prophets are amongst the few who give answers to driving questions.
Prophets are big on social responsibility.
Prophets are diviners.
Prophets are healers and workers of wonders.
Prophets are honest men and women.
Prophets are human beings also and as much susceptible to the tricks of Satan as everyone else.
Prophets are indeed a wild bunch.
Prophets are indeed watchmen to warn the people as the scripture states.
Prophets are interesting people.
Prophets are just human beings.
Prophets are kind of like new age folk, they channel the energies.
Prophets are liars.
Prophets are like a shofar which warn of danger.
Prophets are ordinary people.
Prophets are people who get wet before everybody else and start sneezing.
Prophets are people who know the answers.
Prophets are people.
Prophets are really a nuisance.
Prophets are religionists.
Prophets are simply deeply sensitive people with a strong faith.
Prophets are stewards who preach and organize the work of redemption in each dispensation.
Prophets are teachers.
Prophets are terribly realistic.
Prophets are the last word throughout the Bible.
Prophets are too often without honour in their own party.
Prophets authenticate their message through miracles or sometimes through wisdom.
Prophets change the people and the world by their lives and their words.
Prophets dictate to politicians.
Prophets Disappear from the book to prophesize far away.
Prophets do that.
Prophets earn their image as crazy people.
Prophets find themselves isolated, rejected, rebuffed and ridiculed.
Prophets flank each pane along with seven doves representing the seven gifts of the Holy Spirit.
Prophets foretold it.
Prophets get no respect from liberal media.
Prophets grow in stature as people respond to their message.
Prophets have a tendency to hang around each other.
Prophets intuitively side with the powerless, the deprived, the marginalized, the oppressed.
Prophets is also the name for the middle section of The Holy Bible .
Prophets normally speak on issues in which the people are having difficulty.
Prophets see major natural and man-made cataclysmic destruction in our future.
Prophets See More Earth Changes .
Prophets seem to be present especially in times of great crisis.
Prophets speak of eternal realities such as hell.
Prophets tell the truth in creative, startling ways.
Prophets tend to be over-responsible while apocalyptics tend to be passive.
Prophets understand with clarity.
Prophets always seem to end up dying in some hideous death of some kind.
Prophets sometimes become great leaders.
Prophets sometimes predict the future.
All prophets have their limit.
All prophets make mistakes here, all too often.
Any prophet is human.
Every prophet has different words for the same prophecy.
Every prophet has to come from civilization, but every prophet has to go into the wilderness.
Every prophet is such a dazzling pillar of fire.
Many prophets do both.
Many prophets speak of a coming revival amongst Indonesia's young generation.
Most prophets endure quietly, but eventually they either lie down and whimper or snarl and leave.
Some prophets are superior to others, however, particularly in steadfastness under trial.
Some prophets foretold wondrous events and great blessings to come.
Prophetic action can speak louder and with deeper penetration than mere words at times.
Prophetic books have relatively few female figures, with or without names.
Most prophetic books contain a similar mixture of different types of material.
Many prophetic dates have astrological significance.
Prophetic discourse is a dominant literary form in the Book of Mormon.
Prophetic dreams are the best known dreams.
Prophetic dreams can also be dreams of past events or future circumstances.
Prophetic dreams can reveal the future.
Prophetic exploiters motivate through fear and apprehension.
Prophetic Figures bb.
Prophetic gift is a heavy burden.
Prophetic minds seek out the history that is about to be written.
Prophetic ministry has a bad name in some places and it is certainly no wonder.
Prophetic ministry is unpredictable and unsettling.
Prophetic misfires destroy faith.
Most prophetic oracles are poetry, and all employ multiple figures of speech.
Prophetic pragmatism is a powerful approach to questions of ultimate concern.
All prophetic promises are a matter of history nothing is left to come.
Prophetic religion afflicts the comfortable.
Prophetic religion demands repentance and change.
Prophetic religions are about the outer world.
Prophetic religions kill spirituality.
Prophetic scripture provides the paradigm for sensational scripts.
Prophetic utterance is an extension of the written Word.
Prophetic utterance is magical in the sense of having the greatest possible penetrating power.
Every prophetic vision contains some lesson by means of allegory.
Prophylactic antibiosis is advisable if epithelial defects are significant.
Prophylactic antibiotic is essential to guard against subacute bacterial endocarditis.
Prophylactic antibiotics are controversial.
Prophylactic antibiotics are the first line treatment.
Prophylactic clonidine reduces the incidence of perioperative myocardial ischemia.
Prophylactic course is usually short term.
Prophylactic doses are generally less than used to treat acute infection.
Prophylactic drugs prevent migraines or reduce their frequency and severity.
Prophylactic immunization remains the only effective means of protecting livestock.
Prophylactic mastectomies protect against breast cancer in high risk women.
Prophylactic mastectomy cuts cancer risk .
Prophylactic mastectomy is a controversial procedure among members of the medical community.
Prophylactic mastectomy is seen as an option for several reasons.
Prophylactic mastectomy sounds like drastic treatment.
Prophylactic medication is a useful practice in stress situations.
Prophylactic medications are ineffective.
Prophylactic medicine is recommended against malaria.
Prophylactic oophorectomy remains a controversial issue among gynecological surgeons.
Prophylactic penicillin is indicated after surgery.
Prophylactic regulation is unlikely to foster Internet-like growth of such technologies.
Prophylactic surgery is a misnomer.
Prophylactic treatment is helpful in a different way .
Prophylactic treatments are helpful when sorting, handling, or moving broodstock.
Prophylasix programs prevent disease after infection has occurred.
Prophylatic doses ward off repeated infections.
A prophylaxis is prevention
Prophylaxis is often inappropriate or given at the wrong time.
Prophylaxis means disease prevention.
A propinquity is nearness
Propinquity avails itself only in the coverlets of equine quadra-bases.
Propinquity breeds affection and responsibility calls for the technique of fulfillment.
Propinquity is a major factor in achieving a product.
Propinquity still operates, but it operates in a different context.
Propionic acid is a fatty acid that exists naturally in everything from apples to wood pulp.
Propionic acid is a source of nutrition and is among the safest of all food additives.
Propionic acid is carboxylic acid
Propionic acid is carboxylic acid.
Propionic acid is chemical compounds.
Propionic acid is dangerous to skin and eyes and corrosive to farm equipment.
Propitiated means be satisfied.
A propitiation is calming
Propitiation basically means satisfaction of a requirement.
Propitiation is added, because no one is fit to be a high priest without a sacrifice.
Propitiation is the result of expiation.
Propitiation means satisfied.
Propitiation means the turning away of wrath, the placating of anger.
Propitiation presupposes wrath.
Propitious colors are rich red and violet.
Propofol anesthesia reduces emesis and airway obstruction in pediatric outpatients.
Propofol anesthesia shortens seizure length.
Propofol emulsions are now available as a generic product.
Propofol sedation produces dose-dependent supression of lidocaine induced seizure in rats.
A proponent is a person
Proponents accept and applaud diversity.
Proponents acknowledge that cloning only involves a replication of genetic material.
Proponents acknowledge that the technical challenges are daunting.
Proponents admit that the data is limited to a handful of campuses.
Proponents advocate creatine as a safe and effective supplement to enhance physical performance.
Proponents advocate that some crimes simply deserve death.
Proponents agree on techniques to improve interoperability.
Proponents also argue that restrictive franchise laws are necessary to protect dealers.
Proponents also argue that the death penalty can serve as a deterrent against more murders.
Proponents also claim that testing can indicate which nutrients are deficient.
Proponents also contend that pesticides work faster and are more effective than the alternatives.
Proponents also credit yoga with providing a deeper sense of well being.
Proponents also demand complete control over such sites.
Proponents also have to take into account other factors.
Proponents also invoke the benefits of direct-marketing when promoting the sale of raw milk.
Proponents also misrepresent the possible role of nuclear power in climate change mitigation.
Proponents also note that radio remains a far more accessible medium.
Proponents also point to a number of benefits from positive test result.
Proponents also point to the economic, psychological, and social benefits of uniforms.
Proponents also point to the substantial savings school uniforms offer parents.
Proponents also say hemp is good for field rotations that help sustain soil and reduce insects.
Proponents announce favorable findings, only to find themselves debunked in subsequent trials.
Proponents are also quick to point out that our budget deficit has almost disappeared.
Proponents are cautiously hopeful.
Proponents are eager to point to recent elections in Mexico as their basis in fact.
Proponents are quick to point out advantages but slow to mention the large number of failures.
Proponents are sincere and devout.
Proponents argue for it saying that it does offer some unique advantages for girls.
Proponents argue for the ease of Internet voting.
Proponents argue just the opposite.
Proponents argue stern measures are necessary to combat rising youth crime.
Proponents argue that access to source code allows anyone to examine the code.
Proponents argue that being a member for eight years is enough.
Proponents argue that continued monitoring cuts back on unreported violations.
Proponents argue that enforceable standards are necessary.
Proponents argue that forest health activities to reduce fuel loads also reduce wildfire damages.
Proponents argue that individuals prefer targeted ads over mass ads.
Proponents argue that it is needed to further e-commerce.
Proponents argue that it is the inherent benefits which really set mediation apart.
Proponents argue that prostate treatment costs too much money.
Proponents argue that results can be easier on the environment and healthful.
Proponents argue that state lotteries are an effective way to raise taxes painlessly.
Proponents argue that states without helmet laws actually experience fewer accidents.
Proponents argue that such fees can result in lower local taxes and increased services for students.
Proponents argue that the solution lies in school consolidation and spending cuts.
Proponents argue that the state is dead and that government per se is neither necessary nor useful.
Proponents argue that the U.S. is out of step with the world.
Proponents argue that tight controls are already in place over industrial discharges.
Proponents argue that use of such terms offend women.
Proponents argue the issue centers on American values.
Proponents assert that the program protects small farmers.
Proponents assume that sex-education teaches students to be sexually active.
Proponents attribute it to the stigma attached to the cuisine.
Proponents believe criminals are deterred by fear potential victims are armed.
Proponents believe incineration is an efficient system, and a safe way to dispose of waste.
Proponents believe it is a vital source of revenue for the government.
Proponents believe that advertising adds real value for customers, channel partners, and marketers.
Proponents believe that certain key technologies are the primary cause of changes in society.
Proponents believe that change occurs by slow degrees along the evolutionary pathway of a lineage.
Proponents believe that industrial hemp offers an opportunity both to diversify and add value.
Proponents believe that school choice benefits everyone.
Proponents believe that's reason enough to offer therapies that are safe and noninvasive.
Proponents believe the valuation cap is consistent with the uniformity principle.
Proponents believe they have bent themselves into a pretzel to satisfy the producers' worries.
Proponents blame an overwhelming money advantage for the opposition, fueled by the teachers' unions.
Proponents brush off the objections.
Proponents call it a natural extension of the Cold War.
Proponents call it school choice.
Proponents call it the future of democracy.
Proponents call opponents communists.
Proponents call that risk a necessary trade-off for getting rid of the lifetime job warranty.
Proponents call the project the perfect recycling program.
Proponents cite four clues as part of the evidence the Martian meteorite once hosted life.
Proponents cite mainly the case report studies as ample proof that chelation therapy works.
Proponents cite school choice as a competitive incentive for all schools to improve.
Proponents cite the case of South Africa as an example of workable sanctions.
Proponents cite the high pregnancy and drop-out rate for minority girls in mixed schools.
Proponents claim a speed advantage over the most widely-deployed voting technologies.
Proponents claim bill has safeguards to keep teens from using Internet to acquire alcohol.
Proponents claim it is balanced.
Proponents claim it is effective against facial pain and ailments throughout the body.
Proponents claim it to be harmless, but the evidence appears to indicate otherwise.
Proponents claim no degradation in sound quality from uncompressed CD audio.
Proponents claim people are primarily energy fields.
Proponents claim that amygdalin kills tumor cells selectively while leaving normal cells alone.
Proponents claim that chelation promotes absorption, but the evidence is scant.
Proponents claim that daily vitamin E supplements can reduce the chances of painful summer sunburns.
Proponents claim that it can revolutionize information exchange between applications and the Web.
Proponents claim that it enables such individuals to communicate.
Proponents claim that living trusts ensure privacy.
Proponents claim that private plans offer better returns than traditional social security.
Proponents claim that the diet detoxifies the body and removes excess fat.
Proponents claim that the process promotes absorption, and it does, but minimally.
Proponents claim that, if nothing else, afterschool programs can help boost academic achievement.
Proponents claim the bidding offers enhanced choice, and therefore greater patient protection.
Proponents claim the supplement boosts energy and helps weight loss.
Proponents claim they are fighting for consumers.
Proponents claim they're doing the people's bidding.
Proponents complain the memorial fight has lasted twice as long as the war.
Proponents contend the consultation process causes needless delays.
Proponents counter that it is similar to wearing glasses to improve sight.
Proponents counter that the practice saves money and holds down costs.
Proponents credit tough disciplinary policies with driving school crime rates down.
Proponents decry the growth of gun violence in our country.
Proponents deny the charge that behind the amendment is an attempt to restrict free speech.
Proponents describe hog manure as a natural nutrient source that helps farmers cut fertilizer costs.
Proponents describe it as a mode of pastoral counseling.
Proponents describe the strong tradition of local control and municipal home rule in Michigan.
Proponents differ on what is most basic and compelling about educational choice.
Proponents do point to changed lives and other seemingly positive results.
Proponents drag out the usual arguments.
Proponents emphasise the economic benefits of globalisation.
Proponents envision a passenger rail service connecting Atlanta and Charlotte.
Proponents envision someday using solar power to chill the gas.
Proponents envision themselves endowing universities with their smoothie fortunes.
Proponents envision using new bikes, to cut down on the cost of maintaining used bikes.
Proponents exist for both curricular instruction and supervised experience.
Proponents favor the export of industrial goods over primary products.
Proponents favor the export of industrial goods over that of primary products.
Proponents find the results to be long-lasting.
Proponents frame the debate as an attempt to help families.
Proponents have good intentions, but there are at least three problems with the campaign.
Proponents have good reason to be optimistic about the new law.
Proponents have history on their side.
Proponents hope that the globules can be explained by formation in water under lower temperatures.
Proponents hope thereby to bypass longstanding objections by some senators to the patent reforms.
Proponents hope to have all of the necessary approvals by year's end.
Proponents however argue that personal safety is most important.
Proponents ignore other examples of the failure of deterrence throughout history.
Proponents insist the benefits far outweigh the risks.
Proponents insist there is no documented evidence that sludge negatively affects health.
Proponents laud it as a major step forward in the battle to get parents to pay up.
Proponents maintain that agents are the next stage in sophistication for interface design.
Proponents maintain that it ultimately helps students learn standard English.
Proponents maintain that prospects for passage of voucher legislation have never been better.
Proponents maintain that the laws help workers out of poverty and impact employers only negligibly.
Proponents offer a number of defenses for genetically engineered foods.
Proponents offer the kinetic energy formula in support of their position.
Proponents point that the largest percentage of the tax cut goes to the middle class.
Proponents point to the efficiency, accuracy and breadth of information.
Proponents point to the United States or other western civilizations as proof of the theory.
Proponents point up specific provisions for local accountability for the funds.
Proponents portray gun shows as slaughter super-stores.
Proponents proclaim, however, that it is now or never.
Proponents propose to fund the transition by issuing bonds.
Proponents quote and maintain studies showing it to be a safe, effective ingredient.
Proponents recommend chelation therapy as an alternative to coronary bypass surgery or angioplasty.
Proponents recommend it for hundreds of health problems.
Proponents regard the proposal as responsive to the mayor's demand for school accountability.
Proponents remain undeterred by such qualms.
Proponents reply that genes cross species lines all the time.
Proponents rightly point out that Oregon has one of the highest property-crime rates in the country.
Proponents routinely resort successfully to deception.
Proponents run commercials demonizing CEOs who voice their opposition.
Proponents say a business can provide better services more efficiently.
Proponents say a delay is unconstitutional.
Proponents say arbitration is easier, cheaper, and faster.
Proponents say board sanctions are typically tougher than conventional probation.
Proponents say car sharing cuts pollution, congestion, parking hassles and, for many, expenses.
Proponents say certification is common in other professions.
Proponents say charter schools are a quick, effective means to revolutionize education.
Proponents say deregulation has been badly implemented.
Proponents say enough already is known to make the costly decision.
Proponents say e-therapy erases barriers that keep people from physically visiting a therapist.
Proponents say e-therapy erases barriers that keep people from physically visiting therapists.
Proponents say five members lead to better decisions and stronger public participation.
Proponents say inexpensive equipment allows for hands-free operation of cell phones.
Proponents say it is more ductile and less subject to cracking.
Proponents say it is more economical and faster than traditional methods.
Proponents say it works well in commercial applications such as frying.
Proponents say it'll free teachers from bureaucratic red tape.
Proponents say it'll mean better prices for small investors.
Proponents say it's a legitimate measure to keep government from collecting political money.
Proponents say it's a start.
Proponents say it's in the best interest of companies to ensure their products are safe.
Proponents say it's reflective of society and the best they can do.
Proponents say it's the first step toward at least partial privatization of the bureau.
Proponents say low-income farmers in developing nations have plenty to gain.
Proponents say no.
Proponents say other means, such as firearms, remain available to control predators.
Proponents say set-tops offer compelling advantages over PCs for delivering music to consumers.
Proponents say such arguments ignore the promise and benefits to humanity of scientific advancement.
Proponents say supplements boost mood and concentration.
Proponents say taking extra amounts of glucosamine can stimulate new cartilage production.
Proponents say term limits have ushered in new lawmakers with fresh ideas.
Proponents say that by multiplying choices, blanket primaries increase voter participation.
Proponents say that cigarette tax hikes reduce smoking while raising revenues.
Proponents say that fluoride helps build strong bones and teeth.
Proponents say that is largely due to restrictive conditions placed on the initial pilot program.
Proponents say that it is like a mathmatical convenience, only more.
Proponents say that patients benefit from shorter hospital stays and reduced complications.
Proponents say that stereotactic core biopsy is as reliable as needle-localization biopsy.
Proponents say that the increase is needed because most drivers travel above the limit anyway.
Proponents say that there is a surplus and transportation deserves to get that money.
Proponents say that too few voters come out in the runoff.
Proponents say the Bible plank supports the other two.
Proponents say the bill is needed to stop capricious bankruptcy filings.
Proponents say the bill simply makes fiscal, and political, sense.
Proponents say the cameras have been successful in reducing crime.
Proponents say the cameras reeducate drivers and reduce traffic crashes, fatalities and injuries.
Proponents say the dam is essential to control floods and provide electricity.
Proponents say the design yields a more even, full light throughout the classrooms.
Proponents say the health issue outweighs any objections.
Proponents say the higher closure rate proves that charter schools are held accountable.
Proponents say the new law ends any stigma attached to children adopted from abroad.
Proponents say the Olympics create international harmony because the Games are apolitical.
Proponents say the practice is safe and saves millions of dollars.
Proponents say the process is a logical extension of infertility treatments.
Proponents say the program makes good business sense.
Proponents say the programs help improve the academic performance and social behavior of students.
Proponents say the question shows how reasonable the petition is.
Proponents say the result is a consistent feel from club to club at impact.
Proponents say the rule change is about fairness.
Proponents say the rules can be written to prevent concentrating too many shares in too few hands.
Proponents say the service is essential.
Proponents say the stick here is consumer fear of fraud, while the carrot is convenience.
Proponents say the system can offer lower prices and higher speed than anything else on the market.
Proponents say the taping rule aims to attack a key problem for regulators.
Proponents say the time for such a system was yesterday.
Proponents say the title is self-explanatory.
Proponents say the treatment probably works by reducing the damaging effects of oxygen.
Proponents say there are other important advantages as well.
Proponents say there's no intent that the ban be strictly enforced.
Proponents say they are less intrusive than other biometric scans and highly effective.
Proponents say they have no design details yet.
Proponents say they provide needed protection for children.
Proponents say they represent the next step in the green revolution.
Proponents say tying test results to graduation bolsters student knowledge.
Proponents see career politicians as the greater threat.
Proponents see future collaborations with drug companies on potential cures.
Proponents see multi-disciplinary arrangements as promoting efficiency and cost savings.
Proponents see no alternative if public health is to be protected.
Proponents see terraforming as a natural step in a program taking man to Mars.
Proponents see the issue as one in which beautification supports economic development.
Proponents see the new rules as an opening for providers to wrest back control of medicine.
Proponents see the system as a vital piece of our nation's defense.
Proponents see vast economic opportunities, opponents environmental devastation.
Proponents shake their heads in disbelief.
Proponents speak about remaining within the range of reasonable and appropriate expectations.
Proponents speak in favor of the resolution, Opponents speak against the resolution.
Proponents stress that costs to the U.S. in the first round are marginal.
Proponents stress the possible economic benefits, such as tax revenue and additional jobs.
Proponents tout bioreactor landfills as yielding multidimensional benefits.
Proponents tout charters for lots of reasons.
Proponents tout hemp's potential uses in rope, textiles, oil, paint, paper and fuel.
Proponents try to couch it as simple legislation, but it is really very dangerous.
Proponents worry that family values are eroding.
Proponents always cite examples of trees planted and children mentored.
Proponents often herald the technology s ability to offer bandwidth on demand.
Many proponents believe it also reduces accidents, though that claim is less well documented.
Many proponents say they feel better with their bracelet on.
Most proponents also say that fluorine makes the tooth harder.
Some proponents agree that it is unclear how much vitamin A the rice can provide.
Some proponents believe electronic commerce includes television and phone shopping.
Some proponents claim they can treat everything from indigestion to cancer.
Some proponents dismiss concerns about bioengineered food.
Some proponents even argue that sheep welcome the structures as windbreaks.
Some proponents even seem intent upon including preschoolers in such claims.
Some proponents justify judicial corporal punishment on cultural or religious grounds.
Some proponents offer the crutch of an automated targeting process.
Some proponents point to hygiene, the traditional argument for circumcision.
Some proponents see forgiveness as a self-help elixir for our depression, stress and anger.
Some proponents suggest that it can be used rectally, as a nasal spray, and as ear drops.
Some proponents support the earmarking of specialized forces.
Proportion affects scale.
Proportion also has multiple meanings.
Proportion also plays a large role in the human perception of beauty.
Proportion brings in other concepts such fractions, ratios, and equivalence.
Proportion can also be very important.
Proportion communicates levels of importance.
Proportion deals with areas and relative amounts.
Proportion expenses to different enterprises if multiple enterprises exist.
Proportion goes north to eke out.
Proportion gradually reverses with managerial responsibilities.
Proportion is a quotient
Proportion is an outcome of the division of one variable by another.
Proportion is based on standards set by some of the transfer institutions.
Proportion is divine, the angels say.
Proportion is emphasized as an important problem-solving technique.
Proportion is excellent and it's a very picturesque shot of the bay.
Proportion is good.
Proportion is key.
Proportion is lost.
Proportion is magnitudes.
Proportion is nice, but image quality appears a bit poor.
Proportion is nice, with a small pine tree in the front and the mountain in the back.
Proportion is nice.
Proportion is OK, but edges seem a bit dark.
Proportion is one of the principles of art and design.
Proportion is optimal.
Proportion is placements.
Proportion is relative frequency.
Proportion is self-evident.
Proportion is the key.
Proportion is the relation of one object to another in size, amount, number or degree.
Proportion is the relationship between a facade's height and width.
Proportion is the relationship between the various parts.
Proportion is the relationship of parts to the whole in terms of size.
Proportion is very important.
Proportion is very nice.
Proportion isa ratio.
Proportion means the ratio between the width and height of the image.
Proportion plays an important role in development.
Proportion refers to the angles and relative measurements of a polished diamond.
Proportion refers to the relationship of the parts to each other.
Proportion refers to the size of the upper body or trunk relative to the lower body or legs.
Proportion sets the standard for all other principles of order.
Proportion shows the relationship between parts .
Proportions are a bit off, but the model still looks impressive.
Proportions are a special type of ratio in which the denominator always includes the numerator.
Proportions are also of fundamental significance.
Proportions are also useful measures of morbidity and mortality.
Proportions are aprox.
Proportions are correct again.
Proportions are equations containing ratios of equal value.
Proportions are especially high in professional-client disciplines.
Proportions are everything.
Proportions are exact.
Proportions are extremely important.
Proportions are fractions .
Proportions are generally similar in all four provinces.
Proportions are grand but definitely American in scale.
Proportions are hard to reckon.
Proportions are heavy, colors are strong and finishes are highly polished.
Proportions are huge, so try to save room for dessert.
Proportions are huge, the menu diverse, and service truly is with a smile.
Proportions are often helpful when solving word problems.
Proportions are only part of the appearance story, of course.
Proportions are quite good, with the torso only being a little thick.
Proportions are square.
Proportions are the same as for the civil and state flags.
Proportions are very important.
Proportions are way out of whack.
Proportions belonging to major language groups and religions are available for all years.
Proportions can vary.
Proportions change in real-time as the pilot moves through hilly terrain.
Proportions depend on blood type.
Proportions describe various parts of the diamond in relation to other parts of the diamond.
Proportions determine the optical qualities of the diamond.
Proportions help better understand freefall.
Proportions listed in the recipes are approximate.
Proportions never married are higher among urban than rural residents.
Proportions present one new challenge.
Proportions vary depending on the intended use. .
Proportions vary depending on their roles.
All proportions can be and remain just right, while the absolute amounts are growing too large.
Every proportion has four terms .
Proportional control is perfect for racing games and advanced, next generation sports games.
Proportional control valves.
Proportional controllers are simple, but they are likely to result in an offset.
Proportional division has a long tradition.
Proportional errors can accumulate over long distances.
A proportional font is a case
Proportional fonts are fonts.
Proportional fonts are more like professionally typeset text.
Proportional fonts use individual widths for each character.
Proportional fonts use less space and, therefore, less paper to print.
Proportional fonts vary the spacing between characters according to the letter.
Proportional relationships help indicate what role each typeface plays on a page.
A proportional representation is a representation
Proportional representation appears to be a step toward that end.
Proportional representation is also feasible for Congressional elections.
Proportional representation makes every vote count, regardless of where one lives.
Proportional representations are representations.
Proportional sizing ensures proper fit.
Proportional systems allow more parties to get seats in assembly.
Proportional systems come in a range of reforms.
Some proportional systems are very simple to describe.
Proportional thermostats provide warmth.
Most proportional thermostats provide warmth.
Proportional throttle is perfect for flight and driving games.
Proportional type adds white spacing before and after letters to make up the difference in spacing.
Proportional weight is given to the number of clock hours in each course.
Proportional widths are the preferred way to code tables.
Proportionality increases female participation.
Proportionality is a comfortable thing.
Proportionality is a ratio
Proportionality is also a key component of our work with algebra and functions in eighth grade.
Proportionality is by definition a quota.
Proportionality is how retributive justice satisfies notions of fairness.
Proportionality is illegal.
Proportionality is important.
Proportionality is ratios.
Proportionality is the cause of the largest headaches.
Proportionality is the new watch word.
Proportionality is used only to eliminate males.
Proportionality is very clear cut and objective, based strictly on percentages.
Proportionality is very related to ratios.
Proportionality is, after all, one of the essential elements of any just punishment.
Proportionality means tailoring measures to the chosen level of protection.
Proportionate dwarfism is marked by body parts being proportional but smaller.
Proportionate weight is desirable.
A proposal is a message
Proposal aims to tackle vehicle crime and the fear of crime.
Proposal allows too many opportunities for comment on issues of science.
Proposal calls for faculty mentoring awards projects are issued annually.
Proposal clearly outlines workshop's purposes and goals.
Proposal contains a training component.
Proposal contains budget including cost-sharing.
Proposal contains clearly-stated objectives, outcomes and implementation plans.
Proposal demonstrates substantial sharing of the cost of the program by the campus.
Proposal depends upon maintaining name translation table in RAM at each server.
Proposal envisions the addition of many more gTLDs in the near future.
Proposal expands the number of procedural steps chemical proponents can exploit to delay evaluation.
Proposal fails to address urban sprawl and land use concerns.
Proposal handling and a detailed compilation of proposal statistics are now well underway.
Proposal identifies the specific content to be included in the module.
Proposal illustrates coordination with other university or campus health promotion efforts.
Proposal includes two permittees with on-off permits.
Proposal includes use statistics.
Proposal is adequate in all aspects.
Proposal is available for review and comment .
Proposal is consistent with the adopted spheres of influence and adopted general plans.
Proposal is cost effective.
Proposal is currently under funding review.
Proposal is for dial-up access.
Proposal is for the development of a landfill facility and for additional coal mining.
Proposal is inconsistent with adopted spheres of influence and adopted general plans.
Proposal is object-oriented and thus is written in the third person.
Proposal is part of the legislative request.
Proposal is sloppily prepared with numerous grammatical and spelling errors or handwritten.
Proposal is thorough and complete.
Proposal is to be received by the specified date.
Proposal is to be single spaced within paragraphs and double spaced between paragraphs .
Proposal is to form non-profit to manage the property and historic elements.
Proposal is to remove dam and replace with a safe structure since a road is located on the dam.
Proposal is to rent uniform work shirts for Landfill inspectors.
Proposal is to use gaming funds to build the stadium.
Proposal is too expansive.
Proposal is too wordy or too long.
Proposal is under review by the campus.
Proposal isa message.
Proposal meets all formatting requirements.
Proposal needs to be revised and resubmitted.
Proposal needs to have more input and consideration.
Proposal offers new skills and perspectives for direct service staff.
Proposal Offers Surveillance Rules for the Internet.
Proposal outlines important or leading policy issues for the field.
Proposal presents clear, logically consistent estimates of program costs and revenues.
Proposal provides concrete learning objectives.
Proposal provides consumers or family members with new skills or perspectives.
Proposal provides for innovative, multimedia and pollution-prevention approaches.
Proposal provides for public participation and stakeholder support.
Proposal provides new research or outcomes findings to advance the field.
Proposal separates freshmen from the rest of the community.
Proposal writing support is available to campus teams.
Proposals abound on what to do with it.
Proposals abound to amend Alaska's Constitution.
Proposals abound to halt or at least stymy escalating prices.
Proposals allows managers to quickly and easily generate accurate proposals.
Proposals allows viewing of master data for all proposals.
Proposals also are broad in their reach.
Proposals also focus on statewide aquaculture practices.
Proposals also help company representatives feel that designers have their shit together.
Proposals are a process of persuasion.
Proposals are a starting point for discussion of precise research design.
Proposals are accepted year round, however fall is the best time to submit proposals.
Proposals are already in preparation for mini-networks from scientists in other disciplines.
Proposals are also welcome for more intensive workshops.
Proposals are also welcome in the study of sexism and racism.
Proposals are an important part of the consulting business.
Proposals are an obvious opportunity for repeat business.
Proposals are available at each school for review.
Proposals are available for viewing at the project office located in the town centre.
Proposals are blind-reviewed by peers.
Proposals are competitive.
Proposals are currently available or can be prepared for many urgent programs at Mercy.
Proposals are currently under review.
Proposals are due at the end of the month.
Proposals are due at the following times each year.
Proposals are due before the first working day of a month for consideration.
Proposals are due by end of the second week of the term.
Proposals are due by late spring each year and funding takes place once a year.
Proposals are due by midterm.
Proposals are due by the first of the month.
Proposals are due early next year.
Proposals are due in accordance with the lab schedule.
Proposals are due in the middle of the preceding quarter.
Proposals are due right now .
Proposals are due the end of fourth week of the term.
Proposals are due the first week of classes.
Proposals are due two weeks before the meeting.
Proposals are easier to agree to when they seem legitimate, or when they are supported by precedent.
Proposals are eligible for bonus points in the areas of consortium and systemwide impact.
Proposals are expeditiously and vigorously peer-reviewed.
Proposals are far more powerful when they are part of a plan involving several departments.
Proposals are free of charge.
Proposals are free.
Proposals are funded when they express the same priorities shared by the sponsor.
Proposals are generally due eight to ten weeks before board meetings.
Proposals are important documents in engineering.
Proposals are in color for easy comparison.
Proposals are in the initial stages, so little is known as yet about location and content.
Proposals are less lengthy, and program requirements are significantly less bureaucratic.
Proposals are limited to five pages of text.
Proposals are limited to no more than three pages.
Proposals are limited to one page in length.
Proposals are limited to one page.
Proposals are made for projects in adult eduaction courses and teaching material is mentioned.
Proposals are mandatory.
Proposals are messages.
Proposals are more likely to be considered and approved or rejected on their merits.
Proposals are most valuable when they lead to actual research projects.
Proposals are normally three to five pages in length.
Proposals are now under review.
Proposals are on the table and being discussed and disbursed.
Proposals are on the table for a new gas pipeline in the far north.
Proposals are on the table for pay per call service.
Proposals are on the table to increase the motor fuel tax, the marine fuel tax and the alcohol tax.
Proposals are one thing, finding just the right chest to sport the open bikini was quite another.
Proposals are out to keep it the same or reduce it to either two or one district.
Proposals are particularly interesting to national museums.
Proposals are peer-reviewed by a panel of experts every four months.
Proposals are peer-reviewed.
Proposals are persuasive documents directed at a specific audience.
Proposals are persuasive.
Proposals are prepared and quoted as fixed price per diem, as specified by the client.
Proposals are prepared without obligation to the client.
Proposals are quite short.
Proposals are receivable at any time, for practically the whole duration of the programme.
Proposals are reviewed by others .
Proposals are reviewed by others.
Proposals are rife to expand the scope and number of workshops to be offered over spring.
Proposals are sales presentations.
Proposals are simply a way to compare and price different configurations.
Proposals are speech acts.
Proposals are subject to approval by an expert review committee.
Proposals are subject to review similar to that for contracts.
Proposals are submissions from researchers, Universities, deans, etc.
Proposals are the latest fad in the business world.
Proposals are to address only one of the five technical areas listed above.
Proposals are to be approved only after comprehensive exams are successfully completed.
Proposals are to be evaluated after the due date for receipt of proposals.
Proposals are to be evaluated on their merits.
Proposals are to be kept as concise as possible with all relevant information requested.
Proposals are to be no more than four pages, excluding any transmittal letter.
Proposals are to be received by the stated time and date.
Proposals are to be submitted in the form of an abstract.
Proposals are to be submitted in writing and the title is registered with the department.
Proposals are to be submitted on a cost reimbursement or fixed price basis.
Proposals are to be submitted prior to pre-registration.
Proposals are to be submitted using the established forms.
Proposals are to be typed and include the information as follows.
Proposals are usually in a race for time.
Proposals are very brief descriptions of ideas for projects provided by industry.
Proposals are very much at the preliminary stage.
Proposals are very time consuming and costly to prepare.
Proposals are welcome any time.
Proposals are welcome at any time .
Proposals are welcome at any time.
Proposals are welcome for panel sessions as well as individual papers.
Proposals are welcome from all fields of historical inquiry.
Proposals are welcome from all researchers in the field, from senior colleagues to postgraduates.
Proposals are welcome from any area of the industries with an emphasis on value-adding.
Proposals are welcome from both new and prior bidders.
Proposals are welcome from both the private and public sector.
Proposals are welcome from graduate and professional students and faculty in any discipline.
Proposals are welcome from institutions and from consortia of two or more institutions.
Proposals are welcome from interested individuals and organisations.
Proposals are welcome from students, faculty, and staff.
Proposals are welcome on any aspect of the novel.
Proposals are welcome on ways to expand without increasing costs.
Proposals are welcome, of course, prior to that date.
Proposals are welcome.
Proposals based on new buildings have no such similar problem.
Proposals Below is the current list of MSc project proposals.
Proposals can also include collaborations and artist curated events.
Proposals can be a project, program, or strategy that results in capital improvements in Saint Paul.
Proposals can be as short as a one-page letter or as long as the client specifications dictate.
Proposals can be both general and discipline-specific.
Proposals can be for either one or two semesters.
Proposals can be for either substantive or methodological research.
Proposals can be for general support, or for a specific project.
Proposals can be for individual papers, panels or roundtable discussions.
Proposals can be local, national, country or inter-regional.
Proposals can be of three types.
Proposals can be very time-consuming and costly.
Proposals can come from any area of the curriculum.
Proposals can cover any area of school curriculum.
Proposals can cover any time period or subject relevant to the history of education.
Proposals can deal with any technology so long as the focus is on rural areas.
Proposals can focus on particular cases, theoretical questions, or cross-regional comparison.
Proposals can involve all types of groups and any group phenomena.
Proposals can involve theory building, quantitative, qualitative, or evaluative research.
Proposals can range from a fee for partial services or complete turnkey operational designs.
Proposals can range in length from a page to several volumes.
Proposals can, however, compare management practices in the public, private, and non-profit sectors.
Proposals come from museums around the country and from businesses that rent exhibitions.
Proposals come in and most are within the parameters of the exhibition.
Proposals come in from lots of different places.
Proposals coming with a companion paper presenting the underlying concepts are most welcome.
Proposals compete on clarity of prose and the powers of persuasion rather than on packaging.
Proposals compete on their merits.
Proposals compete only against other proposals from the same region.
Proposals concerning the contents of our Web pages are, of course, always welcome.
Proposals consist of three parts.
Proposals dealing with adjacent periods are welcome as well.
Proposals describe in detail equipment needs and costs.
Proposals diverge widely across the political spectrum.
Proposals employing novel concepts or approaches are especially welcome.
Proposals exclude unit trusts.
Proposals exist to provide qualified immunity while others completely bars punitive damages.
Proposals exist to start testing students in kindergarten.
Proposals fail for a variety of reasons.
Proposals focus on issues.
Proposals focusing on empirical studies and fresh inquiries are more likely to be considered.
Proposals focusing on other themes are also welcome.
Proposals focusing on the African and African-American experience are of particular interest.
Proposals fro individual papers, panel discussions and other presentation formats are welcome.
Proposals go out to committee members in the fall and spring for review.
Proposals going to industrial sponsors require a research agreement .
Proposals have a very high acceptance rate.
Proposals have aims.
Proposals have components.
Proposals have potential to improve efficiency of whole review system.
Proposals having multiple authors are acceptable.
Proposals help business.
Proposals help small business.
Proposals include information.
Proposals include valuable information.
Proposals including an orange application form are due in the dean's office by spring break.
Proposals involving any aspect of American music and music in America are welcome.
Proposals involving any aspect of American music or music in America are welcome.
Proposals involving interinstitutional or interdepartmental sharing arrangements are welcome.
Proposals involving the new German states are especially encouraged.
Proposals involving videotaping, still photography or writing are welcome.
Proposals is simply downright boring and unbelievable.
Proposals meet Regents guidelines for start dates and stop dates.
Proposals now focus primarily on soft money and sham issue ads.
Proposals originate with the individual faculty member or groups of investigators.
Proposals Pop the question Some usually surprising ways.
Proposals Prepare a brief project summary describing the scope, length, and audience for the book.
Proposals provide protection.
Proposals providing for a work to become marketable are particularly appropriate.
Proposals range anywhere from full repeal to phased-in repeal to an increase in the exemption.
Proposals range from four to ten times per year.
Proposals range from full independence to Indian reservation-like status.
Proposals range from national adoption, to multilateral cooperation, to universal treaty adoption.
Proposals range from two times per month to seven times per quarter.
Proposals range very widely indeed in their quality.
Proposals receive blind readings.
Proposals received are now at the evaluation stage.
Proposals regarding subjects on that list are subject to automatic rejection.
Proposals related to art and disability are welcome as well.
Proposals remain bracketed.
Proposals require a cover sheet.
Proposals require a letter of commitment of staff and facilities from the institution.
Proposals require a reference list with syllabus.
Proposals require both judging and evaluating , but lean heavily to evaluating .
Proposals require no special application forms.
Proposals require only a brief abstract describing the ideas or concept and the desired format.
Proposals require people.
Proposals require truth.
Proposals result from individual effort with little training, support or help.
Proposals run for three weeks.
Proposals Select if a proposal then only fill in the items for Proposals below.
Proposals serve as a prototype of an eventual dissertation proposal.
Proposals submitted are in the areas of protein crystal growth and tissue culture.
Proposals submitted by agents go to the top of the pile.
Proposals submitted by courier or regular mail require three copies.
Proposals supplementing hadron measurements like kaons and anti-kaons are under consideration.
Proposals target improvements to city roads, parks and fire stations.
Proposals undergo a rigorous review process, and the results so far have been impressive.
Proposals Use the above navigation icons to quickly jump to other results.
Proposals using greyscale figures are notoriously difficult to copy, particularly when sent by fax.
Proposals utilising both studio and exhibition spaces are welcome.
Proposals vary depending on the assignment.
Proposals always look to what lies ahead in contrast to reports which look behind.
Proposals often contain figures from other articles.
Proposals often go to study committees to die.
Proposals usually follow a particular format using special forms.
All Proposals apply to both news and advertising contracts unless specifically noted otherwise.
All proposals are blind-reviewed by peer reviewers.
All proposals are competitive and assessed on the basis of scientific merit only.
All proposals are competitively peer-reviewed.
All proposals are different and have different needs and goals.
All proposals are exercises in creativity, and they require time and work.
All proposals are in - now the decision is being made.
All proposals are in writing.
All proposals are peer-reviewed anonymously by professionals from outside the region.
All proposals are peer-reviewed.
All proposals are public property.
All proposals are refereed.
All proposals are subject to external review in the course of evaluation.
All proposals are subject to negotiation .
All proposals are subject to negotiations.
All proposals are subject to regental approval.
All proposals are subject to review.
All proposals are to be provided in English.
All proposals are to be separated and labeled to indicate primary, secondary, etc.
All proposals are welcome from new or experienced researchers, practitioners, or study participants.
All proposals are welcome.
All Proposals are welcome.
All proposals are wellcome.
All proposals become public information when submitted.
All proposals concerning early trans-oceanic contacts use the same form of argument.
All proposals dealing with social transformation are welcome.
All proposals go to the reviewing ministry and the business task force on regulatory impact.
All proposals have in common that they shift the responsibility to the national level.
All proposals involve massive infusions of government funds.
All proposals make a claim on resources .
All proposals much indicate a dollar for dollar cash match of funds requested.
All proposals read.
All proposals receive responses.
All proposals relate to mining and minerals technology.
All proposals related to teaching, learning, and technology are welcome.
All proposals remain bracketed.
All proposals remain on the table.
All proposals require a one-third industry contribution.
All proposals require a signature from the department chair.
All proposals require separate legislation.
All proposals undergo a blind review by a committee.
All proposals work quite similarly.
Any proposal can have more than one primary approver.
Any proposal involving foreign investment requires approval.
Any proposal take time to work out even if acceptable.
Every proposal deserves a response by management.
Every proposal is a form of cultivation.
Every proposal is different every time.
Every proposal is different.
Every proposal is given an aggregate committee score.
Every proposal is subject to intense scrutiny.
Many proposals address the area of extended and intensified communication.
Many proposals also have a biocultural orientation.
Many proposals are completed and are being circulated, others are in the planning stages.
Many proposals are controversial.
Many proposals call for the creation of a large reserve fund within the federal budget.
Many proposals fail because of loose ends.
Many proposals focus on more money - for teachers, for buildings, for computers, for supplies.
Many proposals have common themes of multimedia permits and plantwide emissions caps.
Many proposals have extension errors, incorrectly added columns, and transposed numbers.
Many proposals rely on voluntary efforts to control congestion.
Many proposals require a large amount of matching funds for equipment.
Many proposals resemble shotgun blasts.
Many proposals run out of steam when it comes to evaluation.
Many proposals sound good.
More proposals are forthcoming and further announcements are anticipated.
More proposals are in process.
More proposals are in the works.
More proposals are likely to be submitted before the deadline.
More proposals seem to arise each month.
Most proposals aim to improve the school system without fundamentally changing it.
Most proposals are internal.
Most proposals begin the introduction by describing the proposing organization.
Most proposals call for incremental and pluralistic measures.
Most proposals contain soft matches, often referred to as in-kind contributions.
Most proposals contain the elements described here.
Most proposals contain the following elements.
Most proposals discuss the advantages or benefits of doing the proposed project.
Most proposals focus on issues.
Most proposals have components.
Most proposals help business.
Most proposals help small business.
Most proposals involve massive diversion projects either by canal or long range transport.
Most proposals lead with an eye to local economic development.
Most proposals offer to have key projects led by senior managers, often CEOs.
Most proposals provide protection.
Most proposals range between four and ten pages, although there is no maximum or minimum length.
Most proposals require people.
Most proposals require truth.
Most proposals tie contraceptive coverage to other prescription drug benefits.
Most proposals use the body's natural perspiration to keep cool.
Some proposals actually propose to copy the current U.S. TV-ratings system fiasco.
Some proposals also relate to the education of children in public care in independent schools.
Some proposals appear.
Some proposals are at the request of the agency while others are unsolicited.
Some proposals are exempt from a full review.
Some proposals are more wildlife friendly than others.
Some proposals are proprietary and no proposal has achieved wide use.
Some proposals are very radical.
Some proposals are very specific to targeted groups and some are broad sweeping exemptions.
Some proposals arrive with dissertations attached, some arrive with bits of play dough on the edges.
Some proposals call for effort.
Some proposals call for unify effort.
Some proposals can raise complex policy and technical issues.
Some proposals continue to focus on single issues or sets of issues, such as water quality.
Some proposals describe ecology.
Some proposals even offer funds for home schooling.
Some proposals explain existence.
Some proposals involve introductions.
Some proposals involve the use of human tissues.
Some proposals make it, many are rejected, and there is often a small reserve list.
Some proposals make references.
Some proposals make senses.
Some proposals meet goals.
Some proposals recommend using the grizzlies to generate tourist dollars.
Some proposals require a Dissemination Section .
Some proposals require delivery to a specific room other than an agency's central mail room.
Some proposals require longer comment periods by virtue of a statutory mandate.
Some proposals throw the baby out with the bath water.
Some proposals use non-rectangular block representation models.
A proposition is a statement
Proposition is a statement that can be asserted as either true or false.
Proposition is used for something to be investigated.
Proposition Let R be a commutative ring with identity.
Proposition Let z be a complex number.
Propositions are abstract objects representing truth-conditions.
Propositions are debatable .
Propositions are either true or false.
Propositions are films.
Propositions are information content.
Propositions are meaning.
Propositions are offers.
Propositions are one of our specialties and .
Propositions are part of arguments.
Propositions are statements about the relationship between two or more concepts.
Propositions are statements.
Propositions are the facts and beliefs that provide the basis for the argument.
Propositions are the sorts of entities that agents can believe or disbelieve.
Propositions are truth-functions of elementary propositions.
Propositions are typically declarative sentences.
Propositions are what sentences are supposed to express.
Propositions are, in turn, a sequence of terms.
Propositions belong to science or to everyday intelligence.
Propositions can be either true or false.
Propositions can be true or false.
Propositions can express nothing that is higher.
Propositions collect the hypotheses and ideas raised in the various areas of the model architecture.
Propositions Discuss the characteristics of good debate propositions.
Propositions do much more than simply picture facts.
Propositions establish meaningful relationships between concepts.
Propositions express the agreement or non-agreement between at least two ideas.
Propositions fall short.
Propositions incorporate the idea of change and evolution.
Propositions made by students are welcome at any time.
Propositions ought to be fleshed out, explored and tested.
Propositions pour l'analyse de l'image.
Propositions pour l'avenir.
Propositions require proof .
Propositions show the logical form of reality.
Propositions take on a role function from context.
Propositions use all, some and none.
All propositions are results of truth-operations on the elementary propositions.
All propositions are welcome.
Every proposition is available for testing, and every argument is carefully worked through.
Every proposition is condensed wisdom.
Every proposition is either necessarily true or necessarily false.
Every proposition is the result of truth operations on elementary propositions.
Every proposition is the result of truth-operations on elementary propositions.
Every proposition is the result of truth-operations.
Every proposition is true or false.
Every proposition results from successive applications of joint denial to elementary propositions.
Some propositions are true in virtue of their meaning alone, e.g. that all bachelors are people.
Some propositions are true, some are false, but there's nothing in between.
Some propositions bring no increase to our knowledge.
Propositional atoms describe that a player holds a card.
Propositional expressions consist of propositional variables, connectives and brackets.
Propositional knowledge consists in an agent, s knowing that p, where p is some proposition.
Propositional knowledge provides material for further theoretical reflection.
Propositional knowledge represents only one aspect of human intelligence.
Propositional language can make statements about only the dualistic concepts that are imposed.
Propositional logic has two advantages for inference.
Propositional logic is a sub-set of propositional logic.
Propositional logic is formal logic
Propositional logic is symbolic logic.
Propositional logic uses variables to represent statements.
Propositional representations are very important in many domains of cognitive psychology.
Propositional representations lead to problems that are, in general, computationally intractable.
Propositional resolution using the two-finger method always terminates.
Propositional revelations given by such a god to man is meaningless.
Propositional statements are simple statements of truth.
Propositional supporters find that changes in instruction change subject performance.
Propositional theories make three basic claims.
Propped doors allow anyone access to the hall at night, and jeopardize everyone's safety.
Propped doors are a burglar's best friend.
Propped doors are a high risk to everyone s personal safety.
Propped doors invite entry by nonresidents and possible criminals.
Propped doors make it possible for fire and smoke to travel throughout the building.
Proprietary advantages are irrelevent.
Proprietary algorithms are generally worthless.
Proprietary blends are popular with visitors to the winery.
Proprietary blends can instead state the quantity of all dietary ingredients.
Many proprietary blocks use salt as both an attractant and an intake regulator.
Proprietary catalysts are present in the reactor.
Proprietary chemistry is employed to maximize stock removal without sacrificing surface quality.
Proprietary circuits ensure accurate data sampling and exceptionally low jitter.
Proprietary circuitry analyzes the piston s two-way travel time to measure absolute viscosity.
Proprietary clubs formed for commercial purposes are, therefore, unlikely to qualify.
Proprietary coating offers unmatched corrosion resistance.
Proprietary components present more of a problem.
Proprietary compounds are available and further analogues are being developed.
Proprietary content includes chat rooms and electronic photo delivery.
Proprietary content is a compelling form of differentiation.
Proprietary database is the term used to refer to on-line journal and document indexes.
Proprietary database is the term used to refer to online journal and document indexes.
Proprietary databases are an excellent source of reliable material.
Proprietary databases are likely to include extra information that helps the researcher.
Proprietary databases cover segments such as banking, retail, telecoms, mining, and real estate.
Proprietary databases do a better job of indexing than most search engines.
Proprietary data is shielded from the web server.
Proprietary design delivers the quietest ride in golf.
Proprietary designs use unstressed components, providing years of reliable operation.
Proprietary documents are available only to member companies.
A proprietary drug is a drug
Proprietary drugs are of interest to the health professions.
Proprietary education is a cost-effiective way to provide it.
Some proprietary elements have extremely limited support.
Proprietary equipment is more costly than standards-based.
Proprietary experience is limited.
Proprietary extensions suck.
Proprietary foods are also available for insect-eating birds from bird food suppliers and pet shops.
Proprietary formats are evil.
Proprietary formats require that the native application be present in order to read the file.
Proprietary formats tend to become outdated.
Proprietary funds use the full accrual basis of accounting.
Proprietary glass forming processes allow the fastest response in the industry.
Some proprietary hardware remains.
Proprietary hospitals are commercial establishments.
Proprietary information is a valuable business asset for outside organizations.
Proprietary information is already exempt.
Proprietary information is information which a company or organization owns or is the proprietor of.
Proprietary information is private property.
Proprietary information is protected carefully.
Proprietary information is protected during the review and evaluation process.
Proprietary information is protected.
Proprietary information is provided by institutions on a confidential basis.
Proprietary information is respected, and confidentiality is guaranteed.
Proprietary information is usually intellectual property.
All proprietary information is held in strictest confidence before, during, and after the training.
All proprietary information is kept confidential.
Proprietary interest is given to the presenter .
Proprietary item is a related term for an item produced exclusively by one firm.
Proprietary items can be hard to replace or repair.
Proprietary laser reveals DNA tag.
Proprietary machines are difficult and expensive to repair and upgrade.
Proprietary methods are back, and the document structure exposed to scripting is totally wrong.
Proprietary models generate new ideas which are emailed daily to subscribers.
Proprietary networks lose to a worldwide web.
Proprietary panels is a key tool in educating online marketers about their customers.
Proprietary patents can help companies establish better product margins.
Proprietary players seek to obscure file format information.
Proprietary positions are available in various fields of use.
Proprietary products are also available to ensure that ewes get adequate magnesium.
Proprietary products are the double tissue expander and the double chamber breast implant.
Proprietary products are typically only available from one company.
Proprietary protocol is used in German health care cards.
Proprietary protocols are competitive weapons.
Proprietary protocols can be perfect solutions in many cases.
Proprietary research is excluded.
Proprietary research is regarded as non-publishable.
Proprietary research is undertaken by the center as part of a non-core program.
Proprietary right is termed the mere right.
Proprietary rights are very difficult to lay claim to, without a detailed contract.
Proprietary schools are different from traditional colleges and universities.
Proprietary schools are less likely to have a board of trustees.
Proprietary schools offer certificate or diploma programs.
Many proprietary schools offer no degrees and many of their courses are less than one year.
Most proprietary schools offer technical and vocational courses.
Proprietary security is assured by providing client-dedicated sites.
Proprietary shares pass down the generations by inheritance and purchase like other property.
Proprietary software aggravates selfishness.
Proprietary software asks questions about the building project and the materials to be specified.
Proprietary software automates all downloading and maintenance.
Proprietary software facilitates data collection at a mouse click.
Proprietary software is a scheme to divide and maltreat other people.
Proprietary software is built around the concept of copyrights.
Proprietary software is endemic.
Proprietary software is necessary to allow various computer resources to be shared.
Proprietary software is needed to take courses in either download or live-play mode.
Proprietary software is needed to take courses in either download or liveplay modes.
Proprietary software is non-free software, while commercial software is software sold for money.
Proprietary software is provided for accelerated viewing.
Proprietary software is that which remains the intellectual property of the company.
Proprietary software is the glue that holds the system together.
Proprietary software provides detailed trending on any specialist category, brand or advertiser.
Proprietary software provides flexibility for our customers.
Proprietary software stands in the way of getting things done.
Proprietary solutions are available for connecting mobile phones to portable PCs.
Proprietary solutions operate only with themselves.
Proprietary specifications can be open or closed.
Proprietary standards are never a good idea.
Proprietary standards have more juice, iff the product takes off.
Proprietary systems are a dime a dozen, and in some limited cases can be useful.
Proprietary systems are more costly and ultimately more difficult for to work with.
Proprietary systems are still a force at the extremes of the market.
Proprietary systems build and test each piece of the system in secret.
Proprietary systems do provide methods for extending their classifications with custom codes.
Proprietary systems have to disappear from the satellite industry in order to build scale.
Proprietary systems tend to lock building owners into one vendor for expansions and upgrades.
All proprietary systems maintain their own address books and user directories.
Some proprietary systems require individuals to make a direct connection to the serving computer.
Some proprietary systems use lower quality parts in order to keep the cost as low as possible.
Proprietary targets are sometimes useful, but supporting standard ones as well is always good idea.
Proprietary techniques assure excellent long-term reliability.
Proprietary technologies open up the world to original and reproduction works of art online.
Proprietary technology can create innovations but they come with a terrible price.
Proprietary technology uses existing HTML content and applications.
Proprietary topology delivers extremely low noise and distortion.
Proprietary training is available.
A proprietor is a businessman
Proprietor is a nice guy, but a bit inefficient.
Proprietor is decidedly unfriendly.
Proprietor is from Nigeria.
Proprietor is the sole source of capital.
Proprietor lives on premises.
Proprietor owns and operates the business.
Proprietors are entrepreneurs.
Proprietors are humans.
Proprietors are properties.
Proprietors are workers.
Proprietors can prohibit smoking from their establishments completely if they wish.
Proprietors click off the credits and pay cash winnings - in direct violation of state law.
Proprietors generally speak English and the food is good as well as cheap.
Proprietors have to sue, and be sued only in their own names.
Proprietors live on site, just drop in.
Proprietors live on the property and maintain it to the highest standard.
Proprietors now have full autonomy as to how funding is allocated.
Proprietors remain at the center of all the major decisions.
Proprietors run a small mail order candy company from the same building.
Proprietors usually perform work for more than one principal concurrently.
Most proprietors speak English.
A proprietorship is ownership
Proprietorship is the least expensive way of setting up a business.
Proprietorships are entities without agreement or special structure.
Proprietorships are just an extension of the owner and can t file bankruptcy alone.
Proprietorships are ownership.
Propriety begets tyranny.
Propriety comes first.
Propriety dictates gentility and neighborliness, which in turn represses rage and resentment.
Propriety is behavior
Propriety is demeanor.
Propriety isa trait.
Propriety takes precedence over true feelings and emotions.
Proprioception gives the wearer feedback as to the position of the terminal device.
Proprioception involves the sense of where the body is in space.
Proprioception is a fundamental indicator of our existence.
Proprioception is different from intuition.
Proprioception is generally unfamiliar to most people, but is extremely important to an athlete.
Proprioception is intact in the distal extremeties.
Proprioception is intact throughout.
Proprioception is intact.
Proprioception is minimally impaired at distal toes and fingers bilaterally.
Proprioception is often synonymous with balance.
Proprioception is sensitivity
Proprioception is tested by measuring how the patient responds while standing on a moving platform.
Proprioception is the name given to our brains awareness of our bodies in space.
Proprioception is the sense of oneself in an environment.
Proprioception is used when a person touches the tip of their nose while keeping their eyes closed.
Proprioception refers to kinaesthetic awareness.
Proprioception seems to involve certain parts of the sensory nervous system.
Proprioceptive exercises are exercises used to help the animal know where their feet are in space.
Proprioceptive feedback provides information about the exact direction of the object.
Proprioceptive function is normal and no sensory deficits have been observed in affected dogs.
Proprioceptive stimulation has two sources.
A proprioceptor is a nerve end
Proprioceptors are a special class of receptors which help define the position of the body.
Proprioceptors are found in tendons, muscles, and joint capsules.
Proprioceptors are sensory organs that provide information about the external environment.
Propsective members can join at meetings or via mail to the address above.
A propulsion system is a system
Propulsion systems are still in the theoretical stage at the moment.
Propulsion systems are the key to developing reliable future flight vehicles.
Propulsion comes by super-accelerating seawater through a pair of jet nozzles mounted in the stern.
Propulsion comes from an amazingly powerful spring mechanism.
Propulsion deals with heat transfer and effects of heat on flows.
Propulsion is achieved by an oscillating horizontal fin.
Propulsion is achieved by buoyancy control effected by variation of vehicle-displaced volume.
Propulsion is acts.
Propulsion is an act
Propulsion is by a propeller which the riders turn by bicycle cranks.
Propulsion is by diesel engines driving surface propellors as well as air thrust generators.
Propulsion is by electric motor powered by batteries.
Propulsion is by means of an interior mass.
Propulsion is by undulations of the small dorsal fin.
Propulsion is by way of fixed pitch propellers.
Propulsion is forces.
Propulsion is important as well.
Propulsion is increased by using jets of water squirted out from a funnel.
Propulsion is provided by the primary feathers, which are the outermost feathers in the wings.
Propulsion is provided through twin open-water propellers driven by shafts supported by struts.
Propulsion is termed peristalsis and mixing, the pyloric pump or segmentation.
Propulsion is the means by which a projectile propels itself from one place to another.
Propulsion is the study of what kind of engine and power an airplane needs.
Propulsion is then, by twin water turbo jets, positioned at the rear of the craft.
Propulsion is to be provided by a traditional chemical source.
Propulsion isa force.
Propulsion means to push forward or drive an object forward.
Propulsion moves things like spacecraft or jet planes forward by pushing something out of the back.
Propulsion sounds and smells attributed to UFOs.
Most propulsion comes from alternate strokes of the hind flippers.
Propulsive efficiency determines how much energy vehicles generate from a unit of fuel.
Propulsive power is furnished by hind legs.
Propylene carbonate is a tough animal to recycle.
Propylene glycol is a humectant
Propylene glycol is antifreeze
Propylene glycol is antifreeze.
Propylene glycol is approved in nearly all states.
Propylene glycol is chemical compounds.
Propylene glycol is employed as a hygroscopic agent for tobacco.
Propylene glycol is humectants.
Propylene glycol is metabolized to lactic and pyruvic acids through aldehyde intermediates.
Propylene glycol is practically odorless and tasteless.
Propylene glycol is still poisonous, but far less so than conventional antifreeze.
Propylene glycol is used extensively for commercial and industrial purposes.
Propylene glycol is used in food additives.
Propylene glycol is used to extract flavor from natural flavoring materials.
Propylene oxide is also a mild central nervous system depressant.
Propylene oxide is particularly effective on eggs.
Propylene oxide is used to make a group of plastics known as polyesters.
Propylene glycol is virtually non-toxic.
Propylene glycol is well-suited for liquid desiccant systems used in food processing operations.
Propylene is a gas
Propylitic alteration extends upward into the volcano.
A propylthiouracil is an organic compound
Propylthiouracil can increase or decrease the effects of warfarin.
Propylthiouracil produces agranulocytosis, which can develop rather quickly.
ProQuest database offers citations, abstracts and full-text of academic and popular publications.
ProQuest databases are accessible via the Internet.
ProQuest users can generate results quickly and accurately, regardless of their level of expertise.
ProQuest users can pinpoint information quickly using simple or advanced search techniques.
Prorated subscriptions are available.
A proration is coordination
Proration is based on one semester and the enrollment status for that semester.
Proration is easier to implement and approximates the result above.
Proration is the process of cutting programs when revenues fall short of expectations.
Proration is very devastating.
Prorations are coordination.
Any proration is strictly a private matter between buyer and seller.
A prorogation is a conclusion
Prorogation brings to an end nearly all parliamentary business.
Pros Cons -Continue to dominate in the lucrative telecommunications equipment arena.
More prosaic work involves tissue culture to propagate trees and improving beer fermentation.
A proscenium is a wall
Proscenium is derived from the Greek word for the front stage of the theatre.
Proscenium is the most traditional.
Prosceniums are stages.
Prosceniums are walls.
A prosciutto is ham
Prosciutto is an Italian deli meat.
Prosciutto is available from the deli.
Prosciutto is best when sliced paper thin served with ripe figs or wrapped around grissini.
Prosciutto requires no baking.
Prosciuttos are ham.
Proscribed formulae drive the statistical analyses.
Prose fiction goes inside the characters' heads.
Prose is a genre
Prose is writing style.
Prose states the timeless truth.
Prose written with an audience in mind is even more explicit, less coded.
A prosecution is an action
Prosecution addresses the court.
Prosecution can only take place after charges have been made.
Prosecution eventually fails to produce evidence and charges are dismissed.
Prosecution is a logical consequence of criminal activity.
Prosecution is a matter for the appropriate local authority.
Prosecution is a matter of judgment.
Prosecution is a necessary deterrent, as are laws to punish the trafficker and protect the victim.
Prosecution is almost always problematic.
Prosecution is difficult to boot.
Prosecution is important but even more so is deterrence.
Prosecution is initiated by the filing of an administrative complaint.
Prosecution is much easier with novel structure.
Prosecution is pending.
Prosecution is prevention.
Prosecution is rare.
Prosecution is very difficult with scams originating from other countries.
Prosecution occurs mainly when illegal copies are sold commercially or distributed on a large scale.
Prosecution refers to the investigation of criminal matters.
Prosecution requires evidence beyond a reasonable doubt.
Prosecution withdraws expert witness.
Prosecutions are collections.
Prosecutions are exceedingly rare.
Prosecutions are legal actions.
Prosecutions are part of trials.
Prosecutions are rare for fear of copycat action and adverse press.
Prosecutions are rare in Austria, Germany and Denmark.
Prosecutions can also help to reunify society, and establish a common moral reality.
Prosecutions can be either by summary or indictment proceedings.
Prosecutions can lead to fines or prison sentences.
Prosecutions can occur for producers who misuse sulfa or other medications.
Prosecutions do take place, and there have been convictions.
Prosecutions focus on smugglers and black market dealers in protected wildlife.
Prosecutions sound very sexy.
Every prosecution is unique.
More prosecutions are in the works.
More prosecutions are sure to follow.
Most prosecutions involve people who trade or sell pornography.
Most prosecutions relate to Turkish language articles rather than Kurdish ones.
A prosecutor is a lawyer
A prosecutor is an official
Prosecutor acts on behalf of court.
Prosecutor can bargain to defer the sentence.
Prosecutor makes an opening statement.
Prosecutor makes closing argument.
Prosecutor offers any rebuttal argument.
Prosecutor promises more charges against two in case.
Prosecutor rests case.
Prosecutor s Stand.
Prosecutors acknowledge that all of their evidence is circumstantial.
Prosecutors admit the error, but say it's only part of the story.
Prosecutors again are lawyers and complete objectivity is required here.
Prosecutors agree that Siripongs did suffer extraordinary hardships.
Prosecutors allege a racial motive.
Prosecutors allege that they conspired to deal cocaine from the bar for the past decade.
Prosecutors allege the bail company has insufficient funds.
Prosecutors already possess the discretion to charge.
Prosecutors also can instantly display scanned documents and exhibits to the jury.
Prosecutors also complain, however, that they are overworked and understaffed.
Prosecutors also express relief that the state is closer to registering offenders.
Prosecutors also file death penalty request.
Prosecutors also say no new victims have turned up.
Prosecutors appear to be spilt.
Prosecutors are a waste of space.
Prosecutors are also aware of juries' tendency to support the police.
Prosecutors are attorneys.
Prosecutors are by nature people that are supposed to strike hard blows but fair blows.
Prosecutors are closest to the first definition.
Prosecutors are free to carry out investigations with no time limit.
Prosecutors are free to retry the case after a hung jury.
Prosecutors are hesitant to second-guess police officers who shoot.
Prosecutors are human.
Prosecutors are lawyers.
Prosecutors are likely to do the same and critique themselves.
Prosecutors are likely to portray the onetime mathematics prodigy as a calculating killer.
Prosecutors are loathe to talk to the press.
Prosecutors are more optimistic about their odds in the next trial.
Prosecutors are officials.
Prosecutors are only human and what's worse, they're lawyers.
Prosecutors are personally committed to go after anyone they perceive as an offender.
Prosecutors are pretty savvy and can tell the good guys from the bad guys.
Prosecutors are prosecutors, but they are supposed to bring impartial judgment to the task.
Prosecutors are public or private.
Prosecutors are smart,. experienced, and well-financed.
Prosecutors are sometimes under pressure to enforce bad laws - even stupid and unethical laws.
Prosecutors are state advocates in an adversarial system.
Prosecutors are to seek extradition.
Prosecutors are willing to consider a plea agreement, but only if it includes some confinement.
Prosecutors argue that the severe nature of the crime warrants a tougher penalty than probation.
Prosecutors assigned to the branch offices also conduct misdemeanor jury trials and court trials.
Prosecutors beg to differ.
Prosecutors believe Fazul to have been the ground leader of the Kenya bombing.
Prosecutors believe it was an appropriate verdict.
Prosecutors believe otherwise.
Prosecutors believe the attack was motivated by disability bias.
Prosecutors believe the discussion was over the letter.
Prosecutors believe the fertilizer was mixed with fuel oil and packed into barrels to make the bomb.
Prosecutors believe the victims knew their killer or killers.
Prosecutors believe they have that evidence.
Prosecutors better understand the jury perspectives.
Prosecutors blame the murders and robbery on greed and anger.
Prosecutors call it cold- blooded murder.
Prosecutors call the act a deliberate, cold-blooded murder and seek the death penalty.
Prosecutors can also decide whether to charge defendants in state or federal courts.
Prosecutors can appeal the decision, attempt a new trial, or give up.
Prosecutors can finally put their talents to use and become heroes in the fight against corruption.
Prosecutors can issue subpoenas without case numbers.
Prosecutors can now issue subpoenas.
Prosecutors can only introduce evidence that relates to the lesser defendants.
Prosecutors can retry a defendant and often do after a hung jury.
Prosecutors can try a limited number of cases, especially as budgets get tighter.
Prosecutors can use other evidence to prove a driver was drunk, such as police testimony.
Prosecutors can, however, seek life in prison without the possibility of parole.
Prosecutors champion the victims, the underdogs in society.
Prosecutors charge people .
Prosecutors charge the other two aided the plot.
Prosecutors charge the report was fabricated.
Prosecutors choose their battles.
Prosecutors come and go.
Prosecutors come from all backgrounds and from all areas of the country.
Prosecutors concede they have only circumstantial evidence.
Prosecutors consider it to be terrorist propaganda.
Prosecutors consider the farm one of the largest drug operations ever found in northern Michigan.
Prosecutors contend an impartial jury can be impaneled.
Prosecutors contend robbery was the motive for the killing.
Prosecutors contend that was a possible motive for the shooting.
Prosecutors contend the attackers hid knives in their fists.
Prosecutors contend the crew was flying recklessly.
Prosecutors contend the free party was another mob bribe.
Prosecutors contend the girl strangled and suffocated the newborn.
Prosecutors counter that it's routine for many cases to be dropped.
Prosecutors decide whether to prosecute or to ask officers to do more investigation.
Prosecutors decline to press possession charge, but pursue charge of evidence tampering.
Prosecutors defend the use of the alert.
Prosecutors deny it.
Prosecutors deny such charges.
Prosecutors deny that claim.
Prosecutors deny they withheld the evidence and say there have been some interoffice mix-ups.
Prosecutors didn t make mistakes.
Prosecutors disagree, and say criminal charges are possible.
Prosecutors do lots more trial work than other lawyers.
Prosecutors do, however.
Prosecutors elsewhere feel the same, probably.
Prosecutors encounter many problems when prosecuting gang members.
Prosecutors enforce many aspects of law.
Prosecutors enjoy tremendous discretion in deciding who and what to charge.
Prosecutors estimate that the agents had been involved in the scalping ring for at least five years.
Prosecutors expect the trial to last nine or ten months.
Prosecutors expect to present the case to a county grand jury within a few weeks.
Prosecutors expect to wrap up their case by the end of the week.
Prosecutors explain the reduced sentence as a success considering the weakness of their case.
Prosecutors face an arduous, gruesome task.
Prosecutors face that all the time.
Prosecutors generally enjoy a close relationship with the judiciary.
Prosecutors get free head for life.
Prosecutors get zealous.
Prosecutors go first and last, with defense attorneys in the middle.
Prosecutors have a different opinion.
Prosecutors have a huge discretional role in the criminal justice process.
Prosecutors have a new role.
Prosecutors have broad discretion in whether to charge and the severity of the charges.
Prosecutors have college and law degrees.
Prosecutors have discretion in cases.
Prosecutors have discretion in determining which cases to pursue.
Prosecutors have discretion to select participants.
Prosecutors have eight days left to come back with an answer defending the use of the audiotapes.
Prosecutors have enormous discretion in deciding whom to prosecute.
Prosecutors have five weeks after that date to submit written arguments.
Prosecutors have for the most part avoided speaking with reporters.
Prosecutors have frozen assets of defendants to pay back cheated customers upon conviction.
Prosecutors have new tools and victims have enhanced protection.
Prosecutors have newtools and victims have enhanced protection.
Prosecutors have no intention of pursuing the identification of the hacker.
Prosecutors have responsibility for enforcing the law.
Prosecutors have several advantages in using the grand jury.
Prosecutors have the right to a fair hearing.
Prosecutors have the tools to penalize counterfeiters.
Prosecutors have the upper hand.
Prosecutors have three weeks to file charges against the rapper.
Prosecutors have to prove each and every element of the crime to yield a conviction.
Prosecutors have to prove that the police officer willfully violated a person's civil rights.
Prosecutors have to review the record.
Prosecutors have veto power over selection of provider and the length of treatment.
Prosecutors have yet to ascribe a motive for the killings.
Prosecutors hesitate to second-guess the police.
Prosecutors hope it sends a strong message to other drunk drivers.
Prosecutors hope that the existence of the tribunal acts as a deterrent.
Prosecutors hope to hold only one trial.
Prosecutors hope to present enough evidence to warrant a criminal trial against the five.
Prosecutors ignore that law.
Prosecutors insist it does.
Prosecutors insist that they can make the charges stick.
Prosecutors insist they accused the right men.
Prosecutors insist they charged the right men.
Prosecutors intend to argue to have the evidence admitted during rebuttal.
Prosecutors intend to charge the man with one count of armed robbery.
Prosecutors intend to seek the death penalty against the four.
Prosecutors intentionally ignore the systemic aspect in suicide .
Prosecutors investigate parody anti-Jewish agitprop.
Prosecutors investigate towards possible charges of involuntary manslaughter.
Prosecutors issue several subpoenas listing allegations.
Prosecutors know it too, and so do guys on Death Row.
Prosecutors know that death-qualifying a jury is a great way to help ensure a conviction.
Prosecutors later drop suicide charge in a strategic move.
Prosecutors later drop the suicide charge.
Prosecutors like to joke that a conservative is a liberal whose car has been stolen.
Prosecutors make deals with cooperating witnesses all the time.
Prosecutors make generous plea offers to keep cases from becoming time-consuming trials.
Prosecutors make recommendations on sentences.
Prosecutors never tell the defense about it.
Prosecutors normally present one or two witnesses during preliminary hearings.
Prosecutors note that it's routine for many cases to be dropped, no matter what the law.
Prosecutors now tackle neighborhood woes.
Prosecutors now tend to charge hazing perpetrators with manslaughter and other appropriate crimes.
Prosecutors occasionally feel sorry for defendants and reduce the charges.
Prosecutors oppose airing the trial live.
Prosecutors oppose the bail requests.
Prosecutors plan a retrial on the murder charge.
Prosecutors plan to appeal.
Prosecutors plan to call rebuttal witnesses early next week.
Prosecutors plan to oppose the request.
Prosecutors plan to put the girlfriend on trial next week.
Prosecutors plan to seek another trial.
Prosecutors plan to seek the death penalty against the four.
Prosecutors plan to seek the death penalty in the case.
Prosecutors plan to seek the death penalty.
Prosecutors play audio and video tapes that reveal the broader scope of the investigation.
Prosecutors pull detectives off important investigations just to serve subpoenas.
Prosecutors randomly rotate to all three sites.
Prosecutors refuse to comment on the trial.
Prosecutors refuse to speculate on the size of the illegal prostitution operations in Greece.
Prosecutors reject plea Federal prosecutors have rejected calls for a further stay of execution.
Prosecutors rely on police officers to investigate an allegation that someone has committed a crime.
Prosecutors rely on the testimony of co-defendants, who also have strong motivation to lie.
Prosecutors remain tight-lipped.
Prosecutors remain undaunted.
Prosecutors routinely charge an accused felon with the harshest charges remotely possible.
Prosecutors routinely negotiate disputed facts.
Prosecutors routinely reject cases for insufficient evidence.
Prosecutors say a gunman inside fired five shots, hitting Adams four times.
Prosecutors say a plea agreement is being discussed.
Prosecutors say abuse of prescription drugs by kids is a growing trend.
Prosecutors say amanda was the target of an internet death threat . . .
Prosecutors say evidence points to a different picture of a willing and efficient slaughterer.
Prosecutors say final preparations for the Tanzania attack occurred there.
Prosecutors say in court documents that the documents seized fill several hundred boxes.
Prosecutors say it was murder.
Prosecutors say it was premeditated.
Prosecutors say it was.
Prosecutors say it's crucial, too.
Prosecutors say misconduct is rare.
Prosecutors say murders committed by Richmond, Va., gang to expand territory and silence informants.
Prosecutors say no such agreement was reached.
Prosecutors say none of the money has been recovered.
Prosecutors say other defendants have pleaded guilty under seal.
Prosecutors say others have pleaded guilty under seal.
Prosecutors say race had nothing to do with the incident.
Prosecutors say race has nothing to do with the incident.
Prosecutors say seven tapes are missing.
Prosecutors say some of the money came from bribes.
Prosecutors say tests conducted on the defendants showed that they had shot or handled weapons.
Prosecutors say that despite the passage of almost four decades, they have new evidence in the case.
Prosecutors say that is a technicality that has been dismissed in earlier appeals.
Prosecutors say that is about to change.
Prosecutors say that some of the gang's control was gained through gestures to the community.
Prosecutors say that sometimes comes with the territory.
Prosecutors say that the hardest murder case to win is one where they never find the victim s body.
Prosecutors say that the ultimate blame for such suffering lies with the emperor.
Prosecutors say that the video proves the shooting was intentional.
Prosecutors say that was the impetus for the bombing.
Prosecutors say the alleged failures led to pollution of nearby waterways.
Prosecutors say the attorneys knew of the immunity offer.
Prosecutors say the baby was beaten, shaken, wrapped in a plastic bag and placed in a Dumpster.
Prosecutors say the church leader traded the Good Book for a bank book.
Prosecutors say the claim was valid and that deadly force was justified.
Prosecutors say the club used in the killing broke into several pieces.
Prosecutors say the clubs are nothing more than common pyramid schemes being marketed to women.
Prosecutors say the deal was a sham.
Prosecutors say the dearth of applicants reflects the strength of their guilty convictions.
Prosecutors say the defendants sent a bomb-laden suitcase from the Mediterranean island of Malta.
Prosecutors say the evidence clearly links the men to the crime.
Prosecutors say the exemption muddies the law and makes it difficult to prosecute any cases.
Prosecutors say the facts justify the disparity in sentences.
Prosecutors say the home page violated the same government order that bans the magazine.
Prosecutors say the investigation is continuing.
Prosecutors say the land trust Israel formed was a sham to hide the land from authorities.
Prosecutors say the law's the law.
Prosecutors say the letters are by four scheming men awaiting trial on kidnapping charges.
Prosecutors say the men smuggled marijuana and hashish along the Quebec border.
Prosecutors say the money was misused.
Prosecutors say the novel was the blueprint for the Oklahoma bombing.
Prosecutors say the officer then gave the record to the friend.
Prosecutors say the recruiters typically met the newcomers at bars or nightclubs.
Prosecutors say the testimony was the high note they wanted to rest their case.
Prosecutors say the three men catered to wealthy professionals, including doctors and lawyers.
Prosecutors say the trio formed a joint venture that was mostly owned by the Chinese government.
Prosecutors say the trunk was used to haul the body to the rocky hillside near the Colorado River.
Prosecutors say the X-rays prove little.
Prosecutors say there is evidence the girl lay in the car, badly injured, for five hours or more.
Prosecutors say they agreed to the deal for several reasons.
Prosecutors say they are charting a new system of justice.
Prosecutors say they are confident they have the right person.
Prosecutors say they are one-third through their case.
Prosecutors say they ask for a parent's testimony only as a last resort.
Prosecutors say they can often gauge the credibility of the witness by the jurors' questions.
Prosecutors say they dropped it in part because a key witness was charged with unrelated crimes.
Prosecutors say they forged documents, bought or made explosives and sought large-scale destruction.
Prosecutors say they have photos of bruises on the woman.
Prosecutors say they neither withdraw nor dismiss the case.
Prosecutors say they plan additional charges against the four guards and other corrections officers.
Prosecutors say they plan to bring in rebuttal witnesses.
Prosecutors say they sold some of the drugs they stole from other drug dealers.
Prosecutors say they want to make an example of Elias.
Prosecutors say they'll finish in seven to eight days.
Prosecutors say they'll seek an indictment.
Prosecutors say they'll seek the death penalty against the adults.
Prosecutors say they'll seek the death penalty for all three defendants if they're convicted.
Prosecutors say they're holding doctors to a higher professional standard.
Prosecutors say they're waiting for police to finish their investigations.
Prosecutors see it as vigilante justice, but defense lawyers have a complicated response.
Prosecutors see no reason to rush.
Prosecutors seek an arrest warrant.
Prosecutors send their own signals by having family members of the victim in the courtroom.
Prosecutors settle many cases through plea bargaining.
Prosecutors still face serious challenges.
Prosecutors still lack testimony from the central figures in the investigation.
Prosecutors strongly favor the amendment.
Prosecutors suggest parents talk with their children about internet threats, websites they visit.
Prosecutors support having a single trial, alleging that the two men plotted the bombing together.
Prosecutors take a hard line in some cases and bargain in others.
Prosecutors Take the Lead .
Prosecutors take the same facts and find guilt.
Prosecutors tell a different story.
Prosecutors tend to be far more interested in convictions than justice.
Prosecutors too appear to bend the rules.
Prosecutors transfer some cases to other courts or out of the criminal justice system.
Prosecutors turn South County rockers into gangbangers.
Prosecutors understand the effect.
Prosecutors view misdemeanors as an escape hatch, a way out.
Prosecutors vow to continue their get-tough approach.
Prosecutors win cases.
Prosecutors work to eliminate intent and knowledge as elements of regulatory offenses.
Prosecutors working on the case also report receiving death threats.
Prosecutors worry making the report public has jeopardized the case.
Prosecutors always argue that carrying a gun proves premeditation to kill the deceased.
Prosecutors always have to anticipate the defense's next move.
Prosecutors frequently use psychiatric experts to offer their opinions on that question.
Prosecutors often give top priority to combating drugs, violence and other high-profile crimes.
Prosecutors often present physical evidence as a part of their questioning of witnesses.
Prosecutors often request investigation of deficiencies in the previously mentioned process.
Prosecutors often seek to have indictments sealed when the defendant is a fugitive.
Prosecutors often supervise investigations or grand juries in many states at the same time.
Prosecutors often use such statements to impeach the defendant's credibility.
Prosecutors sometimes agree to a lower blood-alcohol count to get a plea bargain.
Prosecutors usually welcome such cases because of the sensationalism involved through the media.
All prosecutors are Albanian.
All prosecutors are lawyers.
Many prosecutors are more than happy to take a hands-off attitude toward police misconduct cases.
Many prosecutors follow the rules and honor their obligations.
Many prosecutors seek comment from victims or their families when considering such deals.
Many prosecutors try to use the gaps in a videotape to attack it.
Most prosecutors do it all the time.
Most prosecutors have.
Some prosecutors agree.
Some prosecutors are more concerned with getting a guilty verdict than convicting the right person.
Some prosecutors are so righteous, and so convinced of the defendant's guilt.
Some prosecutors demonstrate racial bias in their decisions to seek the death penalty.
Some prosecutors disagree.
Some prosecutors do more.
Some prosecutors say it is too vague to enforce.
Some prosecutors violate the rules inadvertently.
Prosecutorial abuse is by far the most frightening concept to an orderly democracy.
Prosecutorial abuse seems to be an occupational hazard that goes along with the job.
Prosecutorial discretion is the ability of a prosecutor to decide how to proceed with a case.
Prosecutorial discretion is the fair judgment of any matter warranting such an investigation.
Prosecutorial error is sometimes curable by corrective instructions.
Prosecutorial misconduct is nothing less than cheating to win.
A proselytism is a conversion
Proselytism applies the whip.
Proselytism is a growing controversy, especially in Eastern Europe.
Proselytism is bad news.
Proselytism is discouraged.
Proselytism is forbidden by law.
Proselytism is forbidden, as is the distribution of religious material.
Proselytism relies on force.
Proselytism seeks to enforce.
Proselytisms are conversions.
Proselytisms are persuasions.
A prosimian is a primate
Prosimians are a successful group that remained competitive.
Prosimians are considered the most primitive group of primates.
Prosimians are generally soft food omnivores.
Prosimians are in the family Prosimii and live in Africa and Asia.
Prosimians are primates.
Prosimians are the cousins of monkeys and apes.
Prosimians are the most primitive of all primate forms.
Prosimians are true primates, yet primitive and distinct from monkeys and apes.
Prosimians divide into several subgroups.
Prosimians groom in a rather unique way.
Prosimians have relatively smaller brains and rely more on the sense of smell.
Prosimians have structural differences in their skull and reproductive biology.
Many prosimians have at least four nipples and produce litters rather than a single offspring.
Proso millet can tolerate both drought and saline soil conditions.
Proso millet is marketed through elevators where it is grown locally and is used for birdseed.
Proso millet is more drought tolerant than buckwheat.
Proso millet is used for bird seed and can be substituted for corn in beef rations.
Proso millet requires warm weather for germination and plant growth.
Proso millets are plants.
Prosobranch snails are grazers, predators, suspension feeders.
Prosocial behavior includes such things as Taking turns, working with partner, following directions.
Prosocial behavior intends to help others.
Prosocial behavior is the other side of the coin from aggression.
Prosodic units are the natural scope of prosodic events.
Prosody belongs to anyone who writes or wants to write or enjoy poetry.
Prosody encompasses nonlinguistic, linguistic and paralinguistic features.
Prosody improves a speech based interface .
Prosody improves a speech based interface.
Prosody is a speech
Prosody is considerably more impressionistic than other linguistic levels in corpus annotation.
Prosody is correct for grammatical, non-verbal markers, and affective purposes.
Prosody is good, with appropriate facial expression most of the time.
Prosody is the pattern of accented and unaccented syllables in the flow of sound.
Prosody is usually abnormal in children with autism.
Prosopis pods are available as a food source to the asses all year round.
Prospect Creek runs through part of property.
Prospect Lake is a productive habitat for autumn and winter waterfowl species.
Prospect Park has many charms, the greatest of which is the prevalence of scarlet military coats.
Prospect Park is a suburb of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Prospect Park is a wonderland for kids.
Prospect Park is half a block from the apartment in the opposite direction.
Prospect Park is out of a fairy tale.
Prospect Park is the literally the Central Park of Brooklyn.
Prospect research is a very important field.
Prospect research is hard work, consuming hours and hours.
Prospect theory fairs much better descriptively but lacks explanatory power.
A prospect is potential
Prospect begins showing agreement by nodding.
Prospect begins to examine product or study sales literature intently.
Prospect is attached to the vehicle and any quoted payments.
Prospect is now part of a military base.
Prospect is once again a popular stop for travelers enjoying the natural wonders of the area .
Prospect is resistant to leaf rust and moderately resistant to stem rust.
Prospect is the magazine for the intellectually curious.
Prospect leans forward and appears to be intent on hearing message.
Prospect only has time to read half the paper.
Prospect produces both gray and ductile iron castings.
Prospect reads entire paper, including classifieds.
Prospect seems to be generous with distances, however.
Prospects also are good in the Denver metro area.
Prospects also exist for Australian investment in mining and for sales of coal and iron-ore.
Prospects also exist for improvement in the accuracy of the distance indicators for galaxies.
Prospects also offers advice on finding postgraduate courses and career planning.
Prospects Analyze current costs and results of marketing efforts directed to prospects.
Prospects appear best for premium beer and wine products.
Prospects appear positive for payday lenders right here in the state of California.
Prospects appear quite promising, although continued research and evaluation is needed.
Prospects appear to be quite exciting.
Prospects are also attractive for the smallest division, financial services.
Prospects are also bright for commercial mud crab ventures.
Prospects are always fair game.
Prospects are at home or work and the telemarketer is actually providing a convenient way to buy.
Prospects are best for experienced workers who can read and work from blueprints.
Prospects are best for students who graduate with a doctorate.
Prospects are better for the large number of temporary seasonal jobs.
Prospects are bleak for end users across the board.
Prospects are bleak.
Prospects are bright, however, for dramatic debt reductions in the coming years.
Prospects are brighter for pig units.
Prospects are brighter for real estate investments trusts, too.
Prospects are concerned about the security of their purchases from a business perspective as well.
Prospects are different for drivers using the oncoming lane.
Prospects are dim for many others, experts say.
Prospects are eager to do business with someone they regard as a helpful expert.
Prospects are easy to locate.
Prospects are even dimmer for the former socialist countries.
Prospects are excellent and opportunities are great to work on leading edge technologies.
Prospects are fair through the end of the month.
Prospects are favorable for other weddings.
Prospects are for a very good crop in Indiana.
Prospects are good and now the financial rewards are greatly improved too.
Prospects are good for all western waters.
Prospects are good for both grafters and growers.
Prospects are good for continued development of a new generation of more accurate models.
Prospects are good for continued growth, but at a lower rate.
Prospects are good for customers.
Prospects are good for marriage and affairs of the heart.
Prospects are good for RROs in several countries.
Prospects are good for sustained, moderate job growth in the Hartford area.
Prospects are good for the business founder.
Prospects are good for the winter crop.
Prospects are good.
Prospects are grim for a number of the latter because of paltry customer bases.
Prospects are highly varied across the state.
Prospects are HR managers or staff.
Prospects are impatient.
Prospects are in a hurry.
Prospects are interested, able and ready to buy.
Prospects are likely for prolonged debate over both, with ultimate passage far from certain.
Prospects are more important than immediate earnings.
Prospects are more interested in the benefits than the features.
Prospects are much better for the very large number of temporary seasonal jobs.
Prospects are now bleak.
Prospects are outstanding on ranges even halfway groomed for birds.
Prospects are poor to fair through the end of the month.
Prospects are potential customers.
Prospects are potential.
Prospects are pretty bright.
Prospects are pretty dim for Eastern Europe.
Prospects are ready to start but worry about possible program termination.
Prospects are severe.
Prospects are smarter than they used to be, too.
Prospects are splended for a big crop.
Prospects are therefore good for promotion to senior scientific and management posts.
Prospects are uncertain due to erratic and insufficient rains so far.
Prospects are uncertain.
Prospects are unfavourable in Mauritania and uncertain in Senegal and Niger .
Prospects are unfavourable.
Prospects are unlimited.
Prospects are very good for the week.
Prospects are very good.
Prospects are very receptive.
Prospects are very reluctant to buy an expensive piece of equipment until they see it in action.
Prospects arid Realities.
Prospects become annoyed if a presentation is too long, too boring, or too sleazy.
Prospects become students only when they register.
Prospects call complaining they never received the information they requested.
Prospects can also submit requests for information via the Web.
Prospects can ask questions, voice concerns and objections and get answers in real time.
Prospects can attend classes or participate in workouts on a trail basis.
Prospects can call coaches as much as they want, even if they call collect.
Prospects can have instant access to product cata- logues or other company information.
Prospects can listen to recorded descriptions or request the information via fax, immediately .
Prospects can receive valuable information by branching to different mailboxes.
Prospects can remove themselves with one click.
Prospects can respond by mail with the attached BRC or by phone to the toll-free number.
Prospects can sign up immediately while they're hot and ready to go.
Prospects can sometimes play hide the ball with an agent.
Prospects can view the active quotes online, and submit requests directly to the sales team.
Prospects change job functions and titles.
Prospects change their minds, quite frequently in fact.
Prospects come from all walks of life and have various backgrounds.
Prospects continue to be constrained by low domestic saving and weak foreign investment inflows.
Prospects continue to look good for extending the work program.
Prospects continue to look good for student aid and scientific research.
Prospects Count On it.
Prospects depend on mobility and economic climate.
Prospects depend on the employing organisation.
Prospects do look quite promising though.
Prospects equals expense.
Prospects features a limited menu, and entertainment on selected nights.
Prospects find it difficult to argue with a strong guarantee.
Prospects generally avoid interrupting salespeople talking to other sales reps in the booth.
Prospects have competitive information seconds away.
Prospects have questions and the most important ones deal with lifestyle.
Prospects have remarkable antennae.
Prospects is published monthly and is available in printed form or on the Internet.
Prospects look bleak.
Prospects look dim for higher education, due to the economic downturn.
Prospects look dim.
Prospects look excellent on the dropping tide today.
Prospects look good and farmers are rather positive.
Prospects look good for another increase next year.
Prospects look good for easing the probe down to a final resting spot on Eros.
Prospects look good for funding chiller replacement.
Prospects look good for native returns.
Prospects look good for the fledgling brand.
Prospects look good to extend the ban on efforts to tax Internet access and Net-specific levies.
Prospects look good.
Prospects look grim world over in producing countries.
Prospects look particularly good in the internet service sector.
Prospects look tentative, to say the least.
Prospects notice everything.
Prospects Obtaining a job after graduation is, of course, a primary concern.
Prospects offers a wealth of information and advice, case studies and help with applications.
Prospects play a crucial role in the process.
Prospects possess an insatiable curiosity, an overwhelming desire to know.
Prospects really respond to it.
Prospects receive an abundance of mail daily.
Prospects remain excellent, but price is extremely rich.
Prospects remember voice and content.
Prospects require a sound track record of continuous customer success and results.
Prospects respond more effectively to images than just mere text in a banner sign.
Prospects see the benefits using numbers that they provide.
Prospects seem exciting, but the future is unsure, especially for the recently hired faculty.
Prospects shrug at the thought of rising up the ladder over an extended time period.
Prospects spend a night on campus.
Prospects tend to view icebreakers warily.
Prospects travel the path of least resistance.
Prospects vary considerably by sector, however.
Prospects vary for the currrent opposition parties.
Prospects often change their mind several times.
Prospects often request machine tolerance data.
Prospects sometimes substitute a facade for the real reason for no sale.
Prospects usually send requests to more than one real estate agent they found on the Internet.
All prospects have a price range they are able to afford.
All prospects receive rapid turn-around time to maximize their opportunity for analysis.
Every prospect asks that question either verbally or silently.
Every prospect needs a reason to purchase.
Every prospect pleases and only man is vile.
Every prospect really is created equal, so every sales call is one worth making.
Many prospects become suspects because they never actually send in the check.
Many prospects end up dropping out.
Many prospects feel like intruders when the owners are present.
Many prospects make a final decision on whether to buy after reading it.
Many prospects prefer to buy through a specific distributor or wholesaler.
Many prospects refrain from making a thorough tour when the owner is present.
More prospects means more offers and a faster sale.
Most prospects are wary and skeptical of anyone in sales.
Most prospects have their antenna up when meeting with a salesperson.
Most prospects misjudge a home from out front.
Some prospects come from networking.
Some prospects come from telephone directories, industrial guides, or other community resources.
Some prospects sail through the system and never look back.
Prospectings are human activities.
Prospectings are seekings.
Prospective advertisers can benefit from TIPCo.
Prospective agents rank the work-culture cards on a scale of one to nine.
Prospective agents take the test on-line or on paper.
Prospective applicants are welcome to contact the program officer for more information.
Prospective applicants are welcome to contact the program officer to discuss their ideas.
Prospective applicants can attend a job fair in a few weeks to apply for the program's jobs.
Prospective applicants can avoid disappointment if they understand that.
Prospective applicants can consult the list of departmental research topics for PhD study .
Prospective applicants can view available jobs by category, date, or location.
Prospective applicants can write to the address above for closing dates.
Prospective applicants have many sources of information and technical assistance.
Prospective applicants holding a bachelor's or a master's degree are welcome to apply.
Prospective applicants pursue research training and language course.
Prospective applicants undergo careful pre-screening by an officer of the company.
Many prospective applicants wait more than a year for an exam.
Prospective appointees undergo polygraph, psychological, and medical examinations at state expense.
Prospective attorneys can easily update their resume on our website.
Prospective authors can track their submitted manuscripts .
Prospective authors take note.
Some prospective authors feel they have original insights to contribute.
Some prospective authors write or e-mail a query letter before sending a proposal.
Any prospective bidder is urged to inspect the premises carefully.
Most prospective bidders are interested in salvaging the wood in a building.
Prospective borrowers apply for a loan through the private lender of their choice.
Prospective borrowers visit one of our many web sites and fill in a request for a loan quote.
Some prospective builders express concern about their building skills.
Any prospective business can search out and purchase any property they can afford.
Prospective buyers are leery of inheriting the liability for potential soil contamination.
Prospective buyers are responsible for determining the condition of the property prior to purchase.
Prospective buyers are skeptical of investing in a company that has been privatized twice before.
Prospective buyers can also get a copy of the vehicle's title from that site.
Prospective buyers can also get ready to purchase a home by examining their credit record.
Prospective buyers can also prepare to purchase a home by examining their credit record.
Prospective buyers can check the site to confirm that the item is the real thing.
Prospective buyers can choose properties by type, geographical area, price range and size.
Prospective buyers can do research , utilizing car reviews, specs and pricing data.
Prospective buyers can give the name of their veterinarian, neighbors or other dog owners.
Prospective buyers can keep the brochure for future reference after a day of house hunting.
Prospective buyers can make an appointment to inspect the equipment.
Prospective buyers can then visit the premises to view and test drive the vehicle in question.
Prospective buyers can view video footage on request.
Prospective buyers feel more at ease.
Prospective buyers look around the inside and think the same thing.
Prospective buyers pay close attention to details in such areas.
Prospective buyers receive a loose deck of cards wrapped in plastic.
Prospective buyers sense that prices are going to fall further and postpone buying.
Every prospective buyer has an equal opportunity to purchase.
Many prospective buyers hope to buy homes or rental properties at a bargain price.
Prospective campers are also welcome.
Prospective candidates are welcome to contact our Resident teacher for further details.
Prospective candidates can check here for position openings.
Prospective candidates can read about the details of our residency program.
Prospective candidates can search from the comfort of their own home.
Prospective candidates can send their resume and store it online.
Prospective candidates can use the form below to provide contact information.
Prospective candidates can use the monthly meetings of the bar association as a sounding board.
Prospective candidates get an insider's view of the program from faculty, alumni and staff.
Prospective candidates submit an application to the community project liaison for consideration.
Prospective clients are different in many ways , yet, the same in many other ways.
Prospective clients are more diverse and require a continuum of services in order to succeed.
Prospective clients are very interested in what the firm has done for others.
Prospective clients are welcome to request prior service advice or web site analysis.
Prospective clients can call to schedule a free initial consultation with an attorney.
Prospective clients can try a demonstration.
Prospective clients can view photos and descriptions of our renovation and construction work.
Prospective clients do the same thing when choosing a lawyer.
Prospective clients drive past in their vehicles.
Prospective clients look for integrity and dependability, in addition to a good product.
Prospective clients make presentations to the committee and seek legal representation.
Prospective clients receive a free brief consultation to review the legal issue and discuss fees.
Most prospective clients look for services on search engines.
Some prospective clients find that very appealing.
Prospective companies range from architectural to electrical to manufacturing engineering firms.
Prospective contestants call a toll-free number during a specified time.
Prospective couples can plan to assess the genes and get married to rule out genetic defects.
Prospective customers are abundent.
Prospective customers are always welcome at our manufacturing plant.
Prospective customers are naturally interested in the bottom line.
Prospective customers can access and fill out forms over the Internet.
Prospective customers can apply for several loans online.
Prospective customers can get it free.
Prospective customers can receive a digital images of most maps for sale by email - upon request.
Prospective customers can request information or a brochure by 'Clicking Here' .
Prospective customers can search databases and compare products readily.
Prospective customers can verify the authenticity of the seal by simply clicking on it.
Prospective customers welcome as well as new and current customers.
Many prospective customers have similar problems.
Many prospective cyclists are justifiably concerned about safety.
Prospective dealers can download our dealer application from the dealer's area.
Prospective dealers get instruction on filling out forms, common legal pitfalls and other issues.
Prospective delegates are still welcome to register.
Prospective distributors welcome.
Prospective docents can call any elementary school to get involved.
Prospective donors can find a charity by subject, state, zip code, or other criteria.
Prospective donors can register their funding interests and grantseekers can post grant requests.
Prospective donors can sign up for an appointment through the conference web site.
Prospective donors have more options to consider when distributing their philanthropic dollars.
Prospective donors write a letter advising that they wish to establish a fund.
Prospective employee is defined in Sec.
Prospective employees can also post resumes on the site for review by companies attending the fair.
Prospective employees can find out about new job postings as they are announced.
Prospective employees can register to receive jobs by e-mail.
Prospective employees can search listings for free.
Prospective employees look for places with a concentration of companies and jobs.
Prospective employees see things differently than current employees.
Prospective employees test on working simulations of major software applications.
Prospective employers are very impressed.
Prospective employers are welcome to post information on their company, as well.
Prospective employers call for confirmation of attendance and degree verification.
Prospective employers call to follow-up on recommendations and ask specific questions.
Prospective employers can post job descriptions and job seekers can post their credentials.
Prospective employers can post job openings and search resume s.
Prospective employers can post job openings and search resumes.
Prospective employers can receive information regarding labor supply and wages.
Prospective employers can search either for interns or college graduates by job category.
Prospective employers demand publications and postdoctorate positions as prerequisites.
Prospective employers have the necessary employment applications.
Prospective employers know the value of international experience in our global community.
Prospective employers look very favorably on job applicants who have completed a formal internship.
Prospective employers look very favorably on job applicants who have completed an internship.
Prospective employers prefer employees with a variety of experience.
Prospective employers realize how invaluable international experience is in the world of the future.
Prospective employers recognize the advantages of the full year of experience.
Prospective employers recruit and interview at each of the campuses.
Prospective employers remember too.
Prospective employers respect that.
Prospective employers tend to search for keywords in the resumes.
Prospective employers value such experience.
Many prospective employers are very interested in that.
Most prospective employers prefer one-page cover letters.
Most prospective employers think that entrepreneurs are too independent to be part of a team.
Prospective entrants can view maps, print an entry form, or look up accommodations.
Prospective families pay a fee to help offset the legal and other expenses of adoption.
Prospective families receive a campus tour and an individual meeting with an admissions counselor.
Many prospective franchisees lack the capital and business experience.
Prospective freshmen come to the campus on specified days to be tested.
Prospective freshmen have two options.
Prospective funding is preferred.
Prospective graduates can receive information on writing and distributing resumes.
Prospective guests love seeing guestrooms on-line if they can.
Prospective happiness looms ahead.
Most prospective hires embrace the opportunity.
Prospective homeowners can choose garden villas, condominiums and single family estate size homes.
Prospective homeowners can find everything from cozy starter homes to elegant waterfront properties.
Prospective homeowners can have their own home designed by an architect provided by the developer.
Prospective homeowners can obtain additional funds as a gift from a family member.
Prospective IIs can select one or more CATs as potential hosts.
Some prospective immigrants apply for permanent residence from within Canada.
Prospective interns can post their resume on the site.
Prospective interns have to go through an extensive application process.
Prospective interns visit the host institution's facilities.
Prospective investors give their price and amount indications to the lead managers to the issue.
Prospective investors receive notice of all new postings.
Prospective jurors notice everything.
Prospective landlords review and respond to the listed requirements.
Prospective leaders meet with faculty.
Prospective licensees are free to self test, or use any independent lab of their choice.
Prospective majors are expectedtohave basic keyboarding skills.
Prospective members apply for membership at anytime during the course of the semester.
Prospective members are always very welcome at any of our meetings.
Prospective members are always very welcome.
Prospective members are always welcome at any event before deciding to join.
Prospective members are always welcome at either the flying field or the monthly meeting.
Prospective members are always welcome to attend one of the meetings.
Prospective members are always welcome, and help with genealogical research is available.
Prospective members are always welcome.
Prospective members are eligible for tournament awards.
Prospective members are encourage to attend our business meetings and playgroups.
Prospective members are welcome and are encouraged to join.
Prospective members are welcome at all meetings.
Prospective members are welcome to attend any portion of the meeting.
Prospective members are welcome to attend meetings.
Prospective members are welcome to attend one meeting before joining.
Prospective members are welcome to attend our meetings.
Prospective members are welcome to attend up to two events before joining.
Prospective members are welcome to attend.
Prospective members are welcome to be our guest at either program time.
Prospective members are welcome to come along to any events on our programme.
Prospective members are welcome to visit the choir for a few weeks before deciding to join.
Prospective members are welcome.
Prospective members attend a series of events hosted by the sororities.
Prospective members begin as recruits, with a basic kit of clothes.
Prospective members can access membership information and application forms on-line.
Prospective members can have an amateur, hobbyist or professional interest in two-dimensional art.
Prospective members can inquire about participation at the membership party.
Prospective members can make preliminary applications online.
Prospective members can use club bowls, and coaching is free.
Prospective members can visit classes with their children.
Prospective members can, if they wish, visit the club before applying for membership.
Prospective members complete forms, and the organization conducts some background checks.
Prospective members develop a constitution and program of work.
Prospective members fill out an application form and submit several cassette copies of their titles.
Prospective members interested in issues concerning women and children are welcome.
Prospective members receive an initial six weeks of training classes presented by local attorneys.
Prospective members receive an invitation to join and complete an orientation program.
Prospective members recevie an invitation to join and complete an orientation program.
Prospective members undergo a careful evaluation process.
Prospective members welcome.
Prospective Members welcome.
All prospective members are to wear uniform clothing to tryouts.
All prospective members are welcome.
Most prospective members prefer to help pioneer the new rather than join the old.
Prospective memory is often more about remembering when to do something vs remembering what to do.
Prospective monitoring using dynamic or static venous dialysis pressures detects outflow stenoses.
Prospective mothers complete a questionnaire that is used in tailoring educational interventions.
Prospective officials take a written, open-book test, which is in several parts.
Prospective parents are most welcome to visit the school.
Prospective parents are welcome to come to a group meeting.
Prospective parents are welcome to visit and look around.
Prospective parents attend orientation meetings and are required to undergo a background check.
Prospective parents can adopt within months of completing an agency-approved home study.
Prospective parents can determine genetic risks through testing.
Prospective parents face many unknowns when starting on the road to international adoption.
Prospective parents go through training, which includes a background check.
Every prospective parent has issues to think through when preparing for a child.
Many prospective parents seek to adopt healthy infants, often of a background similar to their own.
Most prospective parents are eager to love a child but have concerns about adoption.
Most prospective parents are happy to use pre-natal testing to screen out congenital abnormality.
Some prospective parents are willing to, or prefer to, adopt a child with severe problems.
Prospective participants are researchers or doctoral students working in the area of emotion.
Prospective participants are researchers or doctoral students working in the emotion domain.
Prospective participants can choose a course that is convenient for their specific summer situation.
Prospective participants can indicate their intentions to present by postcard or fax.
Prospective participants can indicate their intentions to present by postcard, fax, or e-mail.
Prospective participants have their breathing pattern and detailed health history examined.
Prospective participants receive application materials during spring semester of each academic year.
Prospective partners armed with recommendations get top billing.
Prospective partners can join the program on-line.
Prospective patients have an extensive workup.
Prospective patients receive an immediate confirmation that their e-mail has been received.
Prospective patients undergo extensive evaluation and appropriate radiation fields are designed.
All prospective patients undergo an initial consultation.
Prospective payment is now in place.
Prospective practitioners work with clients under the supervision of regular staff.
Prospective psychiatrists choose a psychiatric rotation as one of their clinical rotations.
Prospective readers can end up at a web-site for any number of reasons.
Prospective Retailers Find out how to become a retailer of Our America gift products.
Prospective returns get almost no help from current dividends, which are at an unprecedented low.
Prospective review is for review of services before they have been rendered.
Prospective ringers are welcome to make a first enquirey at ringing practice.
Prospective sailors weight a program's material size heavily.
Prospective sellers like to turn on faucets.
Prospective seniors improve from previous tests.
Prospective sponsors are welcome to suggest new projects.
Any prospective sponsors are most welcome to make contact .
Prospective student is defined in Sec.
Prospective student spends a full day at the school.
Prospective students agree.
Prospective students apply directly to the institution of their choice.
Prospective students apply early in the fall semester of eighth grade.
Prospective students apply for financial aid at the same time they apply for admission.
Prospective students apply to one of the following program tracks.
Prospective students are able to visit the Campus during the year by appointment.
Prospective students are as likely to take a college tour virtually as in person.
Prospective students are culled from that group by a variety of factors.
Prospective students are encouraged review the admission requirements.
Prospective students are encouraged to directly contact faculty members by area of interest .
Prospective students are especially welcome to get in touch .
Prospective students are most welcome to attend.
Prospective students are welcome any day to come and visit, meet and 'shadow' current students.
Prospective students are welcome to contact the convener of the particular diploma for advice.
Prospective students are welcome to contact the program director.
Prospective students are welcome to inquire.
Prospective students are welcome to stay overnight in a residence hall.
Prospective students are welcome to use the services of the center.
Prospective students are welcome to visit the campus throughout the year.
Prospective students are welcome to visit the campus.
Prospective students are welcome to visit the pre-law office throughout the year.
Prospective students are welcome to visit, observe and participate at a college weekend seminar.
Prospective students are worried about whether starting court reporting school is a good idea.
Prospective students arrive, check in to hotel, etc.
Prospective students ask a lot of questions about class size and teacher accessibility.
Prospective students attend class for a day.
Prospective students attend the three-day seminar and are assigned an academic advisor.
Prospective students bring parents to campus.
Prospective students can also check the status of their admissions applications over the Web.
Prospective students can also request to be a part of our mailing list.
Prospective students can apply for admission online.
Prospective students can apply online .
Prospective students can apply online directly.
Prospective students can apply to the university online or request information.
Prospective students can arrange to meet faculty in areas they are interested in studying.
Prospective students can attend the session of their.
Prospective students can check on concerns.
Prospective Students can compare their financial aid awards from different schools.
Prospective students can download a copy of the supplemental application by clicking here .
Prospective students can easily apply to multiple schools without having to rekey basic information.
Prospective students can even apply to Mississippi State electronically from the web site.
Prospective students can even take an on-line tour of campus.
Prospective students can examine a Syllabus to see if they want to enroll.
Prospective students can expect to see more combined degree programs in the future.
Prospective students can explore the campus, investigate academic opportunities and ask questions.
Prospective students can fill out a graduate assistantship form online.
Prospective students can find research and scholarship information and points of contact.
Prospective students can gather required information without waiting for a mailed copy of the form.
Prospective students can get information on courses, syllabi, and faculty at the site.
Prospective students can go to our application page.
Prospective students can mail or fax copies of their transcripts to the office for evaluation.
Prospective students can meet faculty as well.
Prospective students can meet staff to discuss their intentions.
Prospective students can now apply for admission to Adams State on the internet.
Prospective students can now apply on-line and receive immediate feedback on their application.
Prospective students can now begin the application process on-line.
Prospective students can obtain information about our programs and admission requirements.
Prospective students can quickly learn about the city and the area on our multimedia presentation .
Prospective students can register and submit proposals here .
Prospective students can request application material by writing or calling.
Prospective students can search through thousands of grad school listings by subject.
Prospective students can submit an application at any time during the year.
Prospective students can take a placement test any day of the week.
Prospective students can talk to faculty and staff about admission, requirements, career goals, etc.
Prospective students can view it, too.
Prospective students can visit institutional profile pages with links to the institution's homepage.
Prospective students click here for admissions information.
Prospective students click here for more information.
Prospective students click here.
Prospective students come with a wide variety of backgrounds and a wide variety of questions.
Prospective students come with a wide variety of backgrounds and wide variety of questions.
Prospective students depart.
Prospective students find the midsized program an ideal learning environment.
Prospective students follow the path of marketing and admissions.
Prospective students follow the same application procedures required for the full-time program.
Prospective students get a tour of the campus and meet with an admissions adviser.
Prospective students go here .
Prospective students have a separate menu.
Prospective students have a variety of motivations for interviewing to join a school.
Prospective students have an opportunity to visit the campus any time during the year.
Prospective students have immediate access to much more information on colleges than ever before.
Prospective students have the opportunity of registering directly on the website.
Prospective students have the option of auditioning in person or submitting a video tape.
Prospective students have two options.
Prospective students learn the ropes from current students.
Prospective Students -Learn why Texas is the place to be for Marketing.
Prospective students listen to the student panel.
Prospective Students Request a visit to our campus.
Prospective Students Review the SOGS graduate application instructions .
Prospective students search the site alphabetically , geographically , and by academic program .
Prospective students search the site alphabetically and geographically .
Prospective students seek our advice and help in getting admission into a university or college.
Prospective students seem to like what they hear.
Prospective students stay in a residence hall room then attend classes the next day.
Prospective students stay in a residence hall, then attend classes the next day with a student host.
Prospective students submit responses to a series of questions with an initial application.
Prospective students think about academics, military structure or the alumni network.
Prospective students tour the school and spend a day visiting.
Prospective students trust other students.
Prospective students visit RU campus.
Prospective students visit the campus each year as part of their decision-making process.
ALL prospective students are strongly encouraged to apply early.
All prospective students are strongly encouraged to supply one or more recommendation letters.
All prospective students are welcome.
All prospective students take a music theory placement test.
Any prospective student is welcome to visit at any time.
Every prospective student wonders about what happens at college on the weekends.
Many prospective students are confused about which law school to attend.
Many prospective students are unaware of just how good mathematics can be as a major.
Many prospective students are unaware that terminal surgeries are a part of veterinary school.
Many prospective students are very curious about what it's like to live on campus.
Many prospective students ask about becoming a certified transcriber.
Many prospective students ask what type of jobs and careers our graduates take.
Many prospective students ask whether they can specialise in one particular period or place.
Many prospective students come to visit our campus and meet with students and faculty members.
Many prospective students find it helpful to request an unofficial transcript evaluation.
Many prospective students have questions about living in New York .
Many prospective students like to include a campus visit in their decision-making process.
Many prospective students wonder about the possibility of working in medical school.
Most prospective students average seven to nine years of work experience.
Most prospective students can choose quiet, smoking or non-smoking areas to suit their needs.
Most prospective students have concerns about money .
Most prospective students have concerns about money.
Most prospective students seek a graduate degree to obtain employment in a particular profession.
Prospective studies are also underway in Denver and Salt Lake City.
Prospective studies are better than retrospective.
Prospective studies are few, and their findings are less impressive .
Prospective studies are more credible than case-control studies in some ways.
Prospective studies are needed to better understand the temporality of the observed association.
Prospective studies are ongoing.
Prospective studies are pending.
Prospective studies are stronger than retrospective studies.
Prospective studies correlate fish consumption with a reduced risk of heart disease mortality.
Prospective studies focusing on the natural history of precursor lesions are limited.
Prospective subscribers have the option to click either choice at any point.
Prospective swashbucklers welcome.
Prospective talent can apply for representation online.
Prospective teachers are exempt from the second year of the foreign language requirement.
Prospective teachers attain understanding of the basic mathematics taught at a secondary level.
Prospective teachers can also benefit from the study findings.
Prospective teachers can easily find better-paying jobs elsewhere.
Prospective teachers complete a student teaching assignment during their senior year.
Prospective teachers develop materials and resources that can be applied in classrooms.
Prospective teachers graduate with a strong preparation in the liberal arts and sciences.
Prospective teachers learn fresh, innovative ways to teach old concepts to their students.
Prospective teachers learn to be advocates for healthy growth and development.
Prospective teachers receive a broad-based, interdisciplinary education.
Prospective teachers work with mentor teachers.
All prospective teachers experience a full semester of supervised student teaching.
Prospective tenants bid up rental rates.
Prospective tenants can quickly search by location, size, or price.
Prospective tenants can view listings at any time.
Prospective time conveys an appreciation for the future.
Prospective trials are unlikely in the near future.
Prospective undergraduates have many opportunities to visit the campus throughout the year.
Prospective undergraduates please feel free to contact the department by phone or email.
Prospective users can also download a PDF tutorial on the program.
Prospective users can download a demo version.
Prospective users can download the complete program on a trial basis.
Prospective users can view the list of software archives here.
Prospective users submit proposals for use of the facility.
Prospective vendor is responsible for all shipping charges.
Prospective volunteers apply through their schools, and list six sites on their applications.
Prospective volunteers can explore full-time service opportunities following graduation.
Prospective volunteers can get more information on the volunteer page.
Prospective volunteers complete an application and have an interview with the volunteer coordinator.
Prospective volunteers fill out an application listing basic information, interests, and free times.
All prospective volunteers agree to a background check.
All prospective volunteers attend a selection day.
All prospective volunteers complete an application and provide references.
All prospective volunteers go through a screening process prior to participating in the training.
All prospective voters register with Benton County.
Prospective voting is used by relatively few voters a.
All prospective workers are eligible for assessment, counseling, and referral to jobs .
All prospective workers are eligible for assessment, counseling, and referral to jobs.
A prospector is a miner
Prospector carries no cameras to image the well-photographed lunar surface.
Prospector works only for books.
Prospectors are just the opposite.
Prospectors are miners.
Prospectors consider the caves lucky.
Prospectors look for ore boulders protruding from the till.
Prospectors routinely use a compass when doing fieldwork.
Prospectors say there are golden dog biscuits there.
Prospectors searching for gold laden ore, look for outcrops of milky white quartz veins.
Prospectors still search for it.
Prospectors talk about the allure of gem hunting.
Prospectors tend to spend their loot on other digs until they end up with nothing.
Prospectors then run the material through a sluice box to catch the gold.
Prospectors use hand-held locational devices that identify exact positions using satellites.
Prospectors wash gold in a California stream.
A prospectus is a catalog
Prospectus combines professionalism and industry expertise with creativity and innovation.
Prospectus is available for mailing.
Prospectus is available in two formats.
Prospectuses are also really scary.
Prospectuses are available from the colleges or in libraries.
Prospectuses are available on request.
Prospectuses are available throughout the site.
Prospectuses are available upon request.
Prospectuses are free, but require registration.
Prospectuses are free.
Prospectuses are offers.
Prospectuses are reports.
Prospectuses contain information current only to the date of filing.
Prospectuses contain lots of defined terms.
Prospectuses contain more complete information on management fees, charges, and other expenses.
Prospectuses have plenty of room for detailed explanations.
All prospectuses come with a table of fees and expenses.
Every prospectus is required to show a condensed financial statement in a table format.
Most prospectuses list minimum or maximum percentage limitations for certain types of securities.
Most prospectuses range between four and ten pages, although there is no maximum or minimum length.
Most prospectuses run around four to six pages plus the working bibliography.
Prosperity consciousness is the answer.
Prosperity theology is just American materialism and secular humanism under cloak.
Prosperity aborts Christian discipleship.
Prosperity alone is simple materialism.
Prosperity already tests the persistence of our progressive purpose.
Prosperity also comes to mind and how America is the envy of other countries because of it.
Prosperity also has profound effects on demographics.
Prosperity also involves aspirations, choices and power.
Prosperity attracts prosperity.
Prosperity awaits the free.
Prosperity becomes the beanstalk that leads to apathy and conservatism.
Prosperity begins in the mind.
Prosperity breeds a poverty of wisdom.
Prosperity breeds permanence.
Prosperity brings peace.
Prosperity can be a detriment to spiritual maturity.
Prosperity can be a pain.
Prosperity can be a real snare.
Prosperity can be a ticket to embarrassment.
Prosperity can be the crucible in which character is proved true or false.
Prosperity can come at a high environmental and social price.
Prosperity can only be for all.
Prosperity comes from economic growth, which is linked to globalisation and technical advances.
Prosperity comes from the labor of workers, investment of savings and private enterprise.
Prosperity comes in many flavors and sizes . . .
Prosperity comes through communication.
Prosperity created by consuming more than one produces is worth noting.
Prosperity delivers options to people.
Prosperity depends on getting the institutional and policy environment right.
Prosperity depends on the ability to evolve with financial stability .
Prosperity depends on the outcome of our collective efforts.
Prosperity depends on turning a profit and having elite housing structures.
Prosperity depends on whether world trade rules allow farmers to sell to China, India and Indonesia.
Prosperity destroys a fool and endangers a wise man.
Prosperity destroys our appreciation of the right.
Prosperity expands life choices.
Prosperity follows thrift as surely as night the day, especially in Kansas.
Prosperity generally brings with it a heightened fashion-consciousness.
Prosperity goes with freedom and order.
Prosperity guaranteed by trustees has no prospect of endurance.
Prosperity has a wide definition.
Prosperity is a blessing.
Prosperity is a character test in disguise.
Prosperity is a choice.
Prosperity is a function of the ability to adapt to change.
Prosperity is a good thing, and success is joyous.
Prosperity is a good thing.
Prosperity is a lack of perfection without regret, because it is change ahead of necessity.
Prosperity is a little trickier since it depends on several things.
Prosperity is a locally - owned, commercial bank, having two offices in Springfield.
Prosperity is a matter of individual choice.
Prosperity is a mental and spiritual construct long before it becomes a physical reality.
Prosperity is a network of health centers, schools, practitioners, products, speakers and services.
Prosperity is a parent to peace, just as desperation feeds extremism and violence.
Prosperity is a result of respect for the needs of the consumers.
Prosperity is a wonderful blessing.
Prosperity is about both the quantity, as well as the quality of the American work effort.
Prosperity is about creating the feeling of success.
Prosperity is all there is.
Prosperity is almost a certainty for companies that follow the excellence principle.
Prosperity is an aberration between recessions.
Prosperity is an economic condition
Prosperity is an obvious factor in the state's tremendous population growth.
Prosperity is at an all-time high.
Prosperity is by definition short-lived.
Prosperity is compatible with a cleaner environment.
Prosperity is created by productivity, by increasing value without increasing cost.
Prosperity is doomed.
Prosperity is economic conditions.
Prosperity is elusive and shantytowns are the norm.
Prosperity is even more elusive, so some pursue it on the streets.
Prosperity is everybody's responsibility.
Prosperity is evidence of hard work.
Prosperity is fragile.
Prosperity is good and, for the most part, there is peace in the world.
Prosperity is good for everyone.
Prosperity is good fortune.
Prosperity is good.
Prosperity is in the air, keyed up to the clatter of the spieler and the yelps of the ring men.
Prosperity is just around the corner.
Prosperity is like a dream, youth like a blossom, life-span momentary like lightning.
Prosperity is likely.
Prosperity is more than material wealth .
Prosperity is more than monetary and material gain.
Prosperity is more than money.
Prosperity is more than raises, promotions, and better jobs.
Prosperity is much more than just money.
Prosperity is natural and lavish abundance is our nature.
Prosperity is new to Ireland, and saving a few pennies here and there has long been a part of life.
Prosperity is no longer a surprise, but it makes the surprises of an animated economy possible.
Prosperity is now the defining characteristic of American society.
Prosperity is often a greater test of our spiritual stability than adversity.
Prosperity is often a mixed blessing, and adversity is far from being an unmixed calamity.
Prosperity is on the ballot.
Prosperity is one such blessing.
Prosperity is one.
Prosperity is presumed because it's convenient.
Prosperity is promised and proclaimed at the top.
Prosperity is still their first priority.
Prosperity is such organisations is illusory.
Prosperity is supposed to mean well-being.
Prosperity is that period between the last installment and the next purchase.
Prosperity is the best protector of principle.
Prosperity is the condition of having good success.
Prosperity is the natural outcome of creativity, which itself is born of inner peace and happiness.
Prosperity is the out-picturing of substance in our affairs.
Prosperity is the rational sense of hope against the suffering that is mere survival.
Prosperity is the real way to balance our budget.
Prosperity is the result of identifying and exploiting opportunity.
Prosperity is the spiritual birthright of all people and nations of the Earth.
Prosperity is the ultimate effect .
Prosperity is to be encouraged.
Prosperity is, of course, included.
Prosperity keeps rising.
Prosperity leads to a cleaner environment and improved working conditions.
Prosperity lies elsewhere.
Prosperity means a surplus that makes tax cuts look less threatening.
Prosperity means business and economic success, good family relations, friends, and so on.
Prosperity means different things to different people.
Prosperity means jobs, but also competitiveness on the world market.
Prosperity promotes peace.
Prosperity provides only the means.
Prosperity relies on peace, and peace on reconciliation.
Prosperity remains the preserve of the few.
Prosperity requires harmony among men.
Prosperity requires having a positive attitude.
Prosperity requires planning, clear intent, and commitment.
Prosperity requires technological innovation.
Prosperity seems at first glance to be an easily recognized quality, greed being what it is.
Prosperity seems to be where there are trains, and factories.
Prosperity seems to have returned after the decline of Kings and wars.
Prosperity strengthens democracy.
Prosperity takes wings and flies away from that house where woman weeps.
Prosperity tends to produce laxity and spiritual apathy in any age.
Prosperity tends to trickle down and, as it does so, it knows no boundaries of class.
Prosperity treads on the heels of sustained labor.
Prosperity trickles down to the masses.
Prosperity waits for no one.
Prosperity often comes with a price.
Prosperity often leads to lower birth rates.
Prosperity sometimes is a bad thing for some people.
Prosperity usually promotes peace.
All prosperity is created in the mind.
Prosperous businesses contribute to the economic development of a community.
Prosperous cities are havens for trade and investment.
Prosperous husbands feel entitled to take lovers.
Prosperous Internet is a great ressource for any Internet service and tip.
Prosperous neighbours make good trading partners and give each other less problems.
Prosperous people can afford to give their children more education.
Prosperous people tend to spend money on collectibles, including rare coins.
Prosperous times are always good for art.
Prostaglandin acts as a stimulators to the muscle tissue within the uterus.
Prostaglandin analog A modification of a naturally ocurring substance called a prostaglandin.
Prostaglandin causes the muscle tissue of the mother to push the fetus out of the uterus.
Prostaglandin causes the muscle tissue of the mother to push the fetus out of the womb.
Prostaglandin helps protect the stomach lining from the acidic digestive juices.
Prostaglandin induces labor, delivering dead baby.
Prostaglandin is lipids.
Prostaglandin is luteolytic.
Prostaglandin is medicine.
Prostaglandin is secretion
Prostaglandin works by decreasing the levels of progesterone, the hormone that maintains pregnancy.
Prostaglandins act in the reproductive system and in the immune system.
Prostaglandins Aggregating platelets release arachidonic acid, which is a prostaglandin precursor.
Prostaglandins also deliver and strengthen pain signals and induce inflammation.
Prostaglandins also promote inflammation and pain in certain diseases and after injury .
Prostaglandins alter extracellular matrix adjacent to human ciliary muscle cells in vitro.
Prostaglandins are a group of highly reactive compounds made from polyunsaturated fatty acids.
Prostaglandins are a group of proteins that cause pain.
Prostaglandins are a part of a cascade of factors leading to inflammation.
Prostaglandins are essential to the proper functioning of all organs and of the reproductive system.
Prostaglandins are fatty acid-based chemicals that are made in most of the tissues of the body.
Prostaglandins are fatty acids that behave in many ways like hormones.
Prostaglandins are fatty acids that can be found in every cell of the body.
Prostaglandins are hormone like molecules that regulate a variety of body functions.
Prostaglandins are hormone-like compounds that stimulate the uterus and affect blood vessels.
Prostaglandins are hormone-like substances that are found in every body cell.
Prostaglandins are hormone-like substances that help keep blood vessels dilated.
Prostaglandins are hormone-like substances that influence the elasticity of blood vessels.
Prostaglandins are hormone-like substances that regulate blood pressure and clotting.
Prostaglandins are hormones naturally present in the uterus that cause contractions during labour.
Prostaglandins are hormones that cause uterine contractions.
Prostaglandins are local hormones.
Prostaglandins are modulators of inflammation.
Prostaglandins are one of the agents released by the body with inflammation.
Prostaglandins are one of the mediators of the inflammatory response.
Prostaglandins are oxygenated metabolites of certain polyunsaturated fatty acids.
Prostaglandins are proteins some of which can cause inflammation.
Prostaglandins are secreted by many body tissues and perform a variety of functions.
Prostaglandins are short lived, hormone like substances derived from essential fats in the diet.
Prostaglandins are substances that have a myriad of effects in the body.
Prostaglandins are substances which cause contractions in the uterine and intestinal muscles.
Prostaglandins are the natural hormones in the body responsible for inflammation and swelling.
Prostaglandins are the primary mediators of inflammation and swelling.
Prostaglandins are very powerful and very anabolic.
Prostaglandins can also activate specific pathways to the brain.
Prostaglandins can also cause headaches, nausea, vomiting, and diarrhea.
Prostaglandins cause blood vessels to narrow, impeding the supply of oxygen to the uterus.
Prostaglandins cause pain and inflammation in damaged tissues - leukotrienes cause asthma.
Prostaglandins contribute to the inflammatory response which produces swelling and pain.
Prostaglandins control an array of vital bodily functions.
Prostaglandins decrease the viscosity of mucus at the cervix.
Prostaglandins differ in type depending on the type of fatty acids available.
Prostaglandins effectively thin the blood.
Prostaglandins establish the inflammatory response.
Prostaglandins have a variety of effects throughout the body.
Prostaglandins have a very short life-span, which is why the body needs an abundant supply of EFAs.
Prostaglandins have several pharmacological effects on the female reproductive system.
Prostaglandins help relieve the inflammation of fibromyalgia.
Prostaglandins increase matrix metalloproteinase release from human ciliarysmooth muscle cells.
Prostaglandins increase oxygen uptake and most likely participate in a hypermetabolic state.
Prostaglandins inhibit mucus formation in the stomach.
Prostaglandins keep blood pressure low and influence hormone activity.
Prostaglandins occur naturally in the body and are involved in many biological functions.
Prostaglandins play a vital role in inflammation, tissue repair, and the immune response.
Prostaglandins play an important role regulating the renal cortical microcirculation.
Prostaglandins regulate the female reproductive cycle by causing luteolysis.
Prostaglandins regulate the synthesis and secretion of the atrial natriuretic peptide.
Prostaglandins regulates blood pressure and water-salt balance.
Prostaglandins sensitize tissue to pain.
Prostaglandins stimulate renin secretion and renin mrna in mouse renal juxtaglomerular cells.
Prostaglandins suppress an outward potassium current in embryonic rat sensory neurons.
Prostaglandins work much like hormones do to help the body's cells maintain normal functioning.
Most prostaglandins have nothing to do with the prostate.
Some prostaglandins can cause blood vessels to constrict, or narrow.
Some prostaglandins cause inflammation, others work against it.
Some prostaglandins intensify the inflammatory response while others reduce it.
Some prostaglandins potentiate the increase in vascular permeability caused by other compounds.
Prostate cancer death reduces alcohol consumption.
Prostate cancer death reduces consumption.
Prostate cancer patients follow diets.
Prostate cancer accounts for one of every three cancers among American men.
Prostate cancer accounts for one-fourth of all new cancer cases.
Prostate cancer affects and kills almost as many men annually as breast cancer does women.
Prostate cancer affects more men than any other cancer except skin cancer.
Prostate cancer affects one in five men in their lifetimes.
Prostate cancer affects thousands of men each year.
Prostate cancer becomes more common in aged men.
Prostate cancer can also be deadly.
Prostate cancer can also be serious and fatal.
Prostate cancer can also form in the tissue of the central zone.
Prostate cancer can also spread to the bones, liver, bladder, rectum, and other organs.
Prostate cancer can be an insidious disease.
Prostate cancer can be either slow growing or extremely aggressive.
Prostate cancer can be life-threatening.
Prostate cancer can cause similar problems.
Prostate cancer can cause symptoms in two main ways.
Prostate cancer can cause symptoms in two ways.
Prostate cancer can do that to a person.
Prostate cancer can follow.
Prostate cancer can grow differently in different men.
Prostate cancer can run in families.
Prostate cancer can spread from the prostate to nearby lymphs nodes, bones, or other organs.
Prostate cancer depends on testosterone in order to grow.
Prostate cancer develops from cells of the prostate gland.
Prostate cancer develops from the growth of cancerous cells within the prostate gland.
Prostate cancer does run in families.
Prostate cancer feeds on male hormones.
Prostate cancer grows and spreads at different rates.
Prostate cancer grows more slowly in older men than in younger.
Prostate cancer grows on testosterone.
Prostate cancer grows under the influence of testosterone.
Prostate cancer grows very slowly and most often, early prostate cancer causes no symptoms.
Prostate cancer has a better prognosis than many other cancers that are in the population.
Prostate cancer has a great predilection for metastasizing to bone.
Prostate cancer has a particularly severe impact on minority populations in the United States.
Prostate cancer has no symptoms in the early stages.
Prostate cancer has the third highest mortality rate of all cancers for men.
Prostate cancer involves an interdisciplinary approach.
Prostate cancer is a common cancer, with rapid increase in rates after age fifty.
Prostate cancer is a common tumour in men, the incidence of which appears to be increasing.
Prostate cancer is a condition that is rising.
Prostate cancer is a difficult experience to go through.
Prostate cancer is a disease of aging.
Prostate cancer is a disease of older men, increasing faster with age than any other major cancer.
Prostate cancer is a disease with high incidence among African-American males.
Prostate cancer is a form of carcinoma.
Prostate cancer is a growing problem in men.
Prostate cancer is a growing problem is elderly men.
Prostate cancer is a hormone-dependent cancer in which tumour growth is stimulated by sex hormones.
Prostate cancer is a life-threatening tumor that develops in the prostate.
Prostate cancer is a little like getting grey hair.
Prostate cancer is a malignancy that develops from cells of the prostate gland.
Prostate cancer is a malignancy that develops in the prostate gland.
Prostate cancer is a malignancy.
Prostate cancer is a malignant tumor that develops in the prostate gland.
Prostate cancer is a malignant tumor that grows in the gland.
Prostate cancer is a malignant tumor that most often begins in the outer part of the prostate.
Prostate cancer is a malignant tumor that usually starts in the outer part of the prostate.
Prostate cancer is a nightmare.
Prostate cancer is a primary cancer.
Prostate cancer is a progressive disease.
Prostate cancer is a relatively radiosensitive target.
Prostate cancer is a relatively slow-growing type of cancer.
Prostate cancer is a ruthless and manifestly complicated adversary.
Prostate cancer is a serious health problem, but there's good news to report.
Prostate cancer is a significant health problem.
Prostate cancer is a slow-developing cancer that can be successfully treated if detected early.
Prostate cancer is a slow-growing cancer.
Prostate cancer is a tumor that grows in the prostate gland in men.
Prostate cancer is a very real concern for men in all walks of life today.
Prostate cancer is adenocarcinoma.
Prostate cancer is almost twice as common among black men as it is among white men.
Prostate cancer is almost universal.
Prostate cancer is also much more common in certain ethnic groups.
Prostate cancer is also the most common form of cancer in American men.
Prostate cancer is also the second leading cause of cancer death in American men.
Prostate cancer is also under study in chemoprevention trials.
Prostate cancer is an abnormal growth of cells in the outer zone of the prostate.
Prostate cancer is an important health care problem.
Prostate cancer is an important public health problem.
Prostate cancer is an insidious disease, quietly progressing with few symptoms.
Prostate cancer is an interesting model for another reason as well.
Prostate cancer is an old man's disease.
Prostate cancer is another case in point.
Prostate cancer is another major concern.
Prostate cancer is another major killer of African-American men.
Prostate cancer is as seen the most common form of cancer among Finnish men.
Prostate cancer is as serious a concern for men as breast cancer is for women.
Prostate cancer is beatable.
Prostate cancer is cancer in the prostate gland, a gland in the male reproduction system.
Prostate cancer is cancer of the prostate gland.
Prostate cancer is cancer of the prostate, a male sex gland.
Prostate cancer is cancer.
Prostate cancer is carcinoma
Prostate cancer is categorized in four stages.
Prostate cancer is caused by a change in the cells that make up the prostate.
Prostate cancer is characterized by both grade and stage .
Prostate cancer is characterized by both grade and stage.
Prostate cancer is chief among the diseases concerned.
Prostate cancer is chief among the diseases of concern.
Prostate cancer is common in North America and northwestern Europe.
Prostate cancer is common.
Prostate cancer is curable when caught early.
Prostate cancer is curable.
Prostate cancer is currently the second-leading cause of cancer death in men.
Prostate cancer is dependent on the presence of male hormones called androgens.
Prostate cancer is devastating.
Prostate cancer is diagnosed by examination of prostate gland tissue under a microscope.
Prostate cancer is different in different men.
Prostate cancer is diseases.
Prostate cancer is easily curable when caught early.
Prostate cancer is felt by all who know it to be one of the cruelest ways to die.
Prostate cancer is felt on exam and is confined within the prostate.
Prostate cancer is felt on exam to extend beyond the prostate.
Prostate cancer is found mainly in older men, although it is found on occasion at an earlier age.
Prostate cancer is in some ways the male version of breast cancer.
Prostate cancer is increasingly more common, particularly among Arizona men.
Prostate cancer is incurable.
Prostate cancer is just one serious health risk.
Prostate cancer is largely a disease of older men, many of whom have other serious diseases.
Prostate cancer is more common among African-American men than among white men.
Prostate cancer is more common in men with high testosterone levels.
Prostate cancer is more common in older men.
Prostate cancer is more common in overweight men, so weight control is considered important.
Prostate cancer is most common among elderly men.
Prostate cancer is most common in North America and northwestern Europe.
Prostate cancer is most common in northwestern Europe, especially in Sweden and Denmark.
Prostate cancer is most curable when it is detected early.
Prostate cancer is much more common than testicular cancer.
Prostate cancer is no joke.
Prostate cancer is now the leading cause of cancer in men in the United States.
Prostate cancer is now the most common type of cancer among men.
Prostate cancer is now the most commonly diagnosed cancer in men in the United States.
Prostate cancer is now the most commonly diagnosed type of cancer among men in the United States.
Prostate cancer is now the second leading cause of cancer deaths in American men.
Prostate cancer is now the second leading cause of cancer deaths in men.
Prostate cancer is now the second-leading cause of cancer death among men.
Prostate cancer is one example.
Prostate cancer is one of the leading cancers among men in the United States.
Prostate cancer is one of the leading malignancies and the second cause of cancer deaths among men.
Prostate cancer is one of the major malignancies of men in the Western World.
Prostate cancer is one of the more curable forms of the disease because it tends to grow slowly.
Prostate cancer is one of the most common cancer among men in the United States.
Prostate cancer is one of the most common cancers for men in North America.
Prostate cancer is one of the most common cancers found in men today.
Prostate cancer is one of the most common cancers in men.
Prostate cancer is one of the most common types cancer affecting men.
Prostate cancer is one of the most common types of cancer found in men.
Prostate cancer is one of the most commonly diagnosed cancers among Canadian men.
Prostate cancer is one of the most commonly diagnosed cancers in men.
Prostate cancer is one of the most curable cancers if caught early.
Prostate cancer is particularly deadly to Tar Heel men.
Prostate cancer is predominantly a disease of older men.
Prostate cancer is presently the number one site of cancer in men over the age of sixty-five.
Prostate cancer is primarily a disease of older men.
Prostate cancer is second only to lung cancer among men.
Prostate cancer is second only to lung cancer as a cancer-related killer of men.
Prostate cancer is second only to lung cancer as a leading cause of cancer deaths in men.
Prostate cancer is second only to lung cancer as the leading cause of cancer death among men.
Prostate cancer is second only to lung cancer as the leading cause of death among men.
Prostate cancer is second only to lung cancer in causing death from cancer.
Prostate cancer is second only to skin cancer as the most common cause of cancer diagnosis in men.
Prostate cancer is still the second-leading cause of cancer deaths in men, behind lung cancer.
Prostate cancer is suspected if any part of the gland feels hard.
Prostate cancer is the abnormal growth of cells in the prostate.
Prostate cancer is the biggest cancer killer of men in the Western world after lung cancer.
Prostate cancer is the cancer that originates in the prostate gland.
Prostate cancer is the fourth most common cancer of men world-wide.
Prostate cancer is the growth of abnormal cells in the prostate.
Prostate cancer is the leading cancer that affects males.
Prostate cancer is the leading cause of cancer deaths among men, overall.
Prostate cancer is the leading cause of death in men.
Prostate cancer is the leading form of cancer among American men and the second most fatal.
Prostate cancer is the main cancer target for phenoxodiol.
Prostate cancer is the male version of breast cancer.
Prostate cancer is the malignant enlargement of the prostate gland in men.
Prostate cancer is the most common among men.
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer affecting American men.
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer among American males, second only to skin cancer.
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer among American men and is second only to lung cancer.
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer among American men.
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer among men and the second most deadly.
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer among men in the United States.
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer among men.
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer among U.S. men.
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer and second leading cause of death in American men.
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer and second leading cause of deathin American men.
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer and the second leading cause of cancer death for men.
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer and the second leading cause of cancer deaths in men.
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer found in men in the United States.
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer found in men, surpassing even lung cancer.
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer in American men - especially older men.
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer in American men, especially older men.
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer in American men, excluding nonmelanoma skin cancers.
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer in American men, excluding skin cancer.
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer in American men.
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer in elderly males.
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer in men and all men are at risk.
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer in men in the United States.
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer in men.
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer in the world.
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer in U.S. men.
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer occurring among men.
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer occurring in American men.
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer occurring in men.
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer other than skin cancer in men in the United States.
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer to affect men.
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer, excluding nonmelanoma skin cancers, in American men.
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer, excluding non-melanoma skin cancers, in American men.
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer, excluding skin cancers, in American men.
Prostate cancer is the most common cause of cancer deaths among men.
Prostate cancer is the most common cause of cancer in males.
Prostate cancer is the most common form of cancer among American men.
Prostate cancer is the most common form of cancer diagnosed in American men.
Prostate cancer is the most common form of cancer in American men.
Prostate cancer is the most common form of cancer in men mid-life and older.
Prostate cancer is the most common form of cancer in men.
Prostate cancer is the most common form of non-skin cancers in men in the United States.
Prostate cancer is the most common malignancy among American men.
Prostate cancer is the most common malignant cancer in American men.
Prostate cancer is the most common non-skin cancer among men in the United States.
Prostate cancer is the most common non-skin cancer among men.
Prostate cancer is the most common non-skin cancer for males in western countries.
Prostate cancer is the most common organ cancer in men, and is the source of much confusion.
Prostate cancer is the most common solid tumor and second leading cause of cancer deaths in men.
Prostate cancer is the most common tumour found in men.
Prostate cancer is the most common type of cancer among American men.
Prostate cancer is the most common type of cancer among men in the United States.
Prostate cancer is the most common type of cancer found in American men of any sexual orientation.
Prostate cancer is the most common type of cancer found in American men, other than skin cancer.
Prostate cancer is the most common type of cancer found in men in the United States.
Prostate cancer is the most common type of cancer occurring in the male segment of population.
Prostate cancer is the most common, yet most ignored cancer in American men.
Prostate cancer is the most commonly diagnosed cancer among American men.
Prostate cancer is the most commonly diagnosed cancer among U.S. men.
Prostate cancer is the most commonly diagnosed cancer in American men and the second deadliest.
Prostate cancer is the most commonly diagnosed cancer in American men.
Prostate cancer is the most commonly diagnosed invasive cancer among American men.
Prostate cancer is the most commonly diagnosed male cancer.
Prostate cancer is the most commonly diagnosed malignancy in American men.
Prostate cancer is the most commonly occurring tumor in U.S. men.
Prostate cancer is the most diagnosed cancer for Canadian men, striking one in eight.
Prostate cancer is the most diagnosed form of cancer in men.
Prostate cancer is the most diagnosed malignancy in men.
Prostate cancer is the most frequent cancer in men.
Prostate cancer is the most frequently diagnosed cancer among American men, other than skin cancer.
Prostate cancer is the most frequently diagnosed cancer among U.S. men.
Prostate cancer is the most frequently diagnosed cancer in American men.
Prostate cancer is the number one cancer among men and second in cancer deaths by site.
Prostate cancer is the number one cancer in men.
Prostate cancer is the number one cancer incidence site in men for all racial and ethnic groups.
Prostate cancer is the number one cause of cancer in men and the second- leading cause death in men.
Prostate cancer is the number-one cancer diagnosis in men.
Prostate cancer is the only cancer which has a sensitive blood test to detect the cancer.
Prostate cancer is the second biggest cancer killer of men after lung cancer.
Prostate cancer is the second deadliest cancer among men.
Prostate cancer is the second greatest cause of cancer deaths among men, after lung cancer.
Prostate cancer is the second highest cause of cancer deaths among men after lung cancer.
Prostate cancer is the second leading cancer cause of death in American men.
Prostate cancer is the second leading cancer killer in men.
Prostate cancer is the second leading cancer killer of American men, exceeded only by lung cancer.
Prostate cancer is the second leading cancer killer of American men.
Prostate cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death after lung cancer.
Prostate cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death among American men.
Prostate cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death among men after lung cancer.
Prostate cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death in men after lung cancer.
Prostate cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death in men in the United States.
Prostate cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death in men, after lung cancer.
Prostate cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death in men, exceeded only by lung cancer.
Prostate cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death in men.
Prostate cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death in U.S. men.
Prostate cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death.
Prostate cancer is the second leading cause of cancer deaths among men after lung cancer.
Prostate cancer is the second leading cause of cancer deaths among men, after lung cancer.
Prostate cancer is the second leading cause of cancer deaths among older men.
Prostate cancer is the second leading cause of cancer deaths in American men after lung cancer.
Prostate cancer is the second leading cause of cancer deaths in American men.
Prostate cancer is the second leading cause of cancer deaths in men.
Prostate cancer is the second leading cause of cancer related deaths among men.
Prostate cancer is the second leading cause of death among men.
Prostate cancer is the second leading cause of death for men after lung cancer.
Prostate cancer is the second leading cause of death from cancer in men after lung cancer.
Prostate cancer is the second leading cause of death in American men.
Prostate cancer is the second leading cause of death in men in the United States.
Prostate cancer is the second leading cause of male cancer deaths.
Prostate cancer is the second leading cause, after lung cancer, of cancer deaths in men.
Prostate cancer is the second most common cancer affecting Canadian men.
Prostate cancer is the second most common cancer among American men.
Prostate cancer is the second most common cancer among men, after skin cancer.
Prostate cancer is the second most common cancer among men.
Prostate cancer is the second most common cancer in British men.
Prostate cancer is the second most common cancer in men in the United States, after skin cancer.
Prostate cancer is the second most common cancer in men.
Prostate cancer is the second most common cause of cancer death in men.
Prostate cancer is the second most common cause of cancer deaths among men.
Prostate cancer is the second most common form of cancer in men.
Prostate cancer is the second most common type of cancer found in American men, after skin cancer.
Prostate cancer is the second most common type of cancer in American men, behind skin cancer.
Prostate cancer is the second most common type of cancer in men, second only to skin cancer.
Prostate cancer is the second most prevalent cancer in men.
Prostate cancer is the second most widespread cancer in men, after lung cancer.
Prostate cancer is the second only to lung cancer in cancer deaths among American men.
Prostate cancer is the second-leading cancer killer of men, behind lung cancer.
Prostate cancer is the second-leading cause of cancer death in men in the United States.
Prostate cancer is the second-leading cause of cancer death in men.
Prostate cancer is the second-leading cause of death among U.S. men, after lung cancer.
Prostate cancer is the second-leading cause of death in men.
Prostate cancer is the second-most common type of cancer found in American men, after skin cancer.
Prostate cancer is the single most common cancer in men.
Prostate cancer is the standout among U.S. and Canadian men.
Prostate cancer is the third leading cause of cancer death among men in New Jersey.
Prostate cancer is treated using radioactive permanent seed implants.
Prostate cancer is twice as common among African-American men as it is among white American men.
Prostate cancer is twice as common in African-American men.
Prostate cancer is typically a disease of aging.
Prostate cancer is unpredictable.
Prostate cancer is usually asymptomatic in early stages.
Prostate cancer is usually curable if it's found in the early stages.
Prostate cancer is usually curable when caught and treated early.
Prostate cancer is very, very common, especially in older men.
Prostate cancer means that cells in the prostate gland are growing out of control.
Prostate cancer occurs commonly in men as they age.
Prostate cancer occurs most often in African and northern European ethnic groups.
Prostate cancer occurs when a group of cells begins to grow abnormally inside the prostate gland.
Prostate cancer occurs when cells in the prostate gland grow and change in an uncontrolled manner.
Prostate cancer occurs when malignant cells develop and form a tumor in the prostate gland.
Prostate cancer occurs when the cells of the prostate grow abnormally.
Prostate cancer occurs when the growth of cells within the prostate become uncontrolled.
Prostate cancer presents some unique challenges.
Prostate cancer ranks second in deaths among men, but first in new cases.
Prostate cancer receives too little.
Prostate cancer remains a baffling, slow-growing malignancy.
Prostate cancer remains a major cause of death in men in most Western countries.
Prostate cancer remains the most common cancer in men and the second-leading cause of death in men.
Prostate cancer seems the ideal disease to become the target of a prevention program.
Prostate cancer seems to become higher grade with time.
Prostate cancer seems to have a genetic component.
Prostate cancer shortens life expectancy dramatically.
Prostate cancer starts in a single cell which has become abnormal.
Prostate cancer starts in the prostate gland.
Prostate cancer tends to arise from the peripheral zone of the prostate.
Prostate cancers are relative rare in young patients.
Prostate cancers kill almost as many men as all other forms of cancer put together.
Many prostate cancers are curable if detected early.
Many prostate cancers are slow growing.
Many prostate cancers are small and grow slowly.
Many prostate cancers grow very slowly and never cause symptoms.
Many prostate cancers grow very slowly.
Many prostate cancers remain dormant and undiagnosed for years without causing symptoms.
Most prostate cancer develops late in life and grows slowly.
Most prostate cancer grows very slowly.
Most prostate cancers are hormone-dependent and use the male hormone testosterone to grow.
Most prostate cancers begin in the outer part of the prostate.
Most prostate cancers depend on androgens, or male steroid hormones, to grow.
Most prostate cancers develop in older men and grow very slowly.
Most prostate cancers grow very slowly, but some can spread quickly to other parts of the body.
Most prostate cancers grow very slowly, especially in older men.
Most prostate cancers grow very slowly.
Most prostate cancers spread and become incurable before they are found without screening.
Some prostate cancer is familial.
Some prostate cancers can grow and spread quickly, especially in younger men.
Some prostate cancers grow rapidly and spread.
Some prostate cancers grow rapidly, metastasize, and quickly lead to death.
Prostate conditions are some of the most important health issues men face.
Prostate disease is the a predisposer in the elderly.
Prostate disorders are among the most common health problems encountered by men.
Prostate enlargement is a common part of aging.
Prostate enlargement is common and can be easily controlled with herbal and drug remedies.
Some prostate enlargements affect nerves.
Some prostate enlargements cause problems.
Prostate fluid is added to semen.
A prostate gland is a gland
Prostate gland is enlarged.
Prostate glands produce fluid.
Prostate glands produce seminal fluid.
Most prostate glands produce fluid.
Most prostate glands produce seminal fluid.
Some prostate glands secrete nutritive fluid.
Prostate hypertrophy can eventually interfere with urination.
Prostate infection is called prostatitis and can be more subtle.
Prostate infections affect men of all ages.
Prostate infections are notoriously hard to cure.
Prostate infections can be deadly.
Prostate symptoms can result in impotency.
A prostate is a gland
Prostate contains small, platelike concretions.
Prostate represents masculine principle.
Prostate screening with exams and blood tests helps with early diagnosis.
Prostates are different from one species to another.
Prostates are exocrine glands.
Prostates continue to grow, just as they do after surgery.
Some prostates are large enough that open prostatectomy is the only treatment option.
Prostatic adenocarcinoma is a malignancy that arises from the secretory cells of the prostate.
Prostatic adenocarcinoma is carcinoma
Prostatic biopsy is required for actual diagnosis of prostate cancer.
Prostatic biopsy is required for the diagnosis of cancer.
Prostatic calcifications can be a sign of repeated boughts of injury and repair.
Prostatic cancer can metastasize in a number of ways.
Prostatic cancer is the most common male cancer in the United States.
Prostatic cancer is the most prevalent cancer in men and the second leading cause of cancer death.
Prostatic carcinoma is the most common male malignancy in most Western countries.
Prostatic fluid enters the proximal urethra and refluxes back into the bladder.
Prostatic fluid is thin and milky.
Prostatic fluid makes up the bulk of semen.
Prostatic hypertrophy requires medical treatment, and results can be highly variable.
Prostatic massage is helpful.
Prostatic neoplasia occurs in both intact and castrated dogs.
Prostatic neoplasia occurs less commonly in dogs compared to man.
Prostatic operations are currently very popular among physicians.
Prostatic secretions contribute to the fluid volume of the ejaculate.
Prostatic secretions reveal inflammatory cells but no bacteria.
Prostatic secretions reveal inflammatory cells, with macrophages containing oval fat bodies.
Prostatic secretions vary among species.
Prostatic Stents are wire devices shaped like small springs or coils.
A prostatitis is a symptom
Prostatitis encompasses all three disorders .
Prostatitis leads to bloody urine and difficult or painful urination.
Prosthesis implantation is a highly reliable but invasive form of therapy.
A prosthesis is a device
Prostheses also come with different kinds of covers.
Prostheses are tools.
Prostheses come in many shapes, sizes, materials, and colors.
Prostheses require no further treatment after implantation.
Prosthesis is an example of a rhetorical scheme .
Prosthesises are used for mobility.
ALL prostheses require effort by the wearer.
Many prostheses resemble the body's own weight and touch.
Most prostheses are water-resistant but few are waterproof.
Some prosthesis have a ceramic ball attached to the metal stem.
Prosthetic constraint transmits excessive force to the prosthesis fixation interface.
Prosthetic dentistry includes dentures and partials.
A prosthetic device is a device
Prosthetic devices are very important because they help the baby's face to grow and develop.
Prosthetic eyes have yet to show a brisk light reflex.
Prosthetic feet offer a variety of energy saving or storing characteristics.
Prosthetic groups alternate between reduced and oxidized states as they accept and donate electrons.
Prosthetic groups are non-polypeptide groups.
Prosthetic groups can be metal ions or various types of organic compounds.
Prosthetic hair washes easily, dries quickly, and needs minimal care.
Prosthetic heart valves and shunts to remove fluid from the brain are also common.
Prosthetic heart valves and shunts to remove fluid from the brain are also more common.
Prosthetic heart valves.
Prosthetic implants are very prevalent in the United States and worldwide.
Prosthetic implants continue to be an option for patients failing other treatments.
Many prosthetic manufacturer produce components specifically designed for sports.
Many prosthetic manufacturers produce components specifically designed for sports.
Prosthetic replacement is in increasing demand for the disabled victims.
Prosthetic valves are truly one of the miracles of modern science.
A prosthetist is an expert
Prosthetists allow for that thickness when making limbs.
Prosthetists are experts.
Prosthetists make a lot of money.
Prosthetists plan, make and fit artificial limbs.
Prosthetists provide care to patients with partial or total absence of a limb.
Prosthetists provide care to patients with partial or total loss of a limb.
Most prosthetists are well aware of new products on the market.
A prosthodontist is a dentist
Prosthodontist is a dentist that deals with simple to complicated full mouth restorations.
Prosthodontists are dentists who specialize in the restoration and replacement of teeth.
Prosthodontists are dentists.
Prosthodontists are probably an exponent of the above characterization.
Prosthodontists can be especially helpful for complicated cases.
Prosthodontists create and fit people with artificial teeth and other dental supports.
Prosthodontists generally specialize in replacing missing natural teeth with bridges and dentures.
Prosthodontists offer their patients a wide variety of options to replace missing teeth.
Prosthodontists specialize in making artificial teeth or dentures.
Prosthodontists typically train for three years to learn the best ways to restore dental implants.
A prostitute is a woman
Prostitutes also act as suppliers of hard drugs.
Prostitutes are at higher risk, too.
Prostitutes are just the ones who admit they do it for cash.
Prostitutes are lesser persons in the eyes of respectable people.
Prostitutes are located in crack houses.
Prostitutes are located in hotels.
Prostitutes are located in jails.
Prostitutes are located in street corners.
Prostitutes are obvious in many bars and discos.
Prostitutes are people.
Prostitutes are sex workers.
Prostitutes are sort of the steam valve in the society.
Prostitutes are used for sex.
Prostitutes are victims.
Prostitutes are women.
Prostitutes can be, and sometimes are, charged with soliciting when reporting attacks to the police.
Prostitutes choose to go into prostitution.
Prostitutes cruise around tourist hotels on motorbikes.
Prostitutes display themselves in windows under red neon lights.
Prostitutes do seem to form part of a cycle of abuse.
Prostitutes dress to display the merchandise, cash down plus a cheap motel room.
Prostitutes exchange their bodies for men's money and wear ugly bruises with their makeup.
Prostitutes experience a systematic destruction of the sexual self.
Prostitutes face a real dilemma when they try to implement protective measures.
Prostitutes getting younger as sex trade grows, judges say.
Prostitutes go missing all the time.
Prostitutes have a better sense of rhythm.
Prostitutes have a difficult occupation.
Prostitutes have a right to say no to unwanted sexual activity.
Prostitutes have possibly the highest rape rate in the population.
Prostitutes have rights to a private life.
Prostitutes have to develop mechanisms to distance themselves from intimacy.
Prostitutes know that.
Prostitutes look more sluttish, and their customers see it as proof.
Prostitutes make easy targets for killers and sexual sadists, psychologists say.
Prostitutes mill around near large hotels.
Prostitutes operate as 'entertainers'.
Prostitutes ply their trade just a block away.
Prostitutes pose in many of the area's shop-windows.
Prostitutes rule the streets in Waikiki after dark.
Prostitutes sleep with their clients.
Prostitutes strut the boulevards.
Prostitutes teach safe sex within their community.
Prostitutes work in hotels, restaurants, and brothels.
Prostitutes often get syphilis from the men they cater to, and then they spread it onto other men.
Prostitutes often suffer physical and sexual abuse, drug addiction and low self-esteem.
All prostitutes are survivors of childhood sexual abuse.
All prostitutes suffer from low self-esteem.
Many prostitutes are children.
Many prostitutes are drug addicts.
Many prostitutes enjoy their work and have made a valid choice for themselves.
Many prostitutes just work for themselves.
Many prostitutes prefer local providers.
Many prostitutes service their carnal customers in public view on the street.
Many prostitutes work for nothing.
Most prostitutes last five years tops.
Most prostitutes work legally.
Some prostitutes do have unsafe sex.
Some prostitutes show cleavage.
Some prostitutes walk the streets looking for customers.
Prostituted women are all on the bottom.
Prostituted women are women who are there, available for the gynocidal kill.
Prostitution appears to be legal.
Prostitution can also prove economically liberating to many women.
Prostitution can be an exciting and glamorous life.
Prostitution can never be a job or a profession.
Prostitution can seem very attractive.
Prostitution causes extreme harm to the body and the mind.
Prostitution comes from poverty.
Prostitution constructs notions of what sex is, what women are, and what is appropriate for women.
Prostitution continues to be the ONLY 'profession' where women make more than men.
Prostitution creates an underclass of women whose purpose is to sexually serve men.
Prostitution does all three.
Prostitution exists in major cities.
Prostitution exists predominantly in urban centres and is increasing due to economic hardship.
Prostitution has an appalling underbelly a world of abduction, coercion and sexual slavery.
Prostitution has nothing to do with female sexuality or sexual liberation.
Prostitution has several other benefits as well.
Prostitution has the same problem.
Prostitution hurts and kills women and children.
Prostitution immediately comes to mind.
Prostitution implies a willing exchange of sexual favors for money.
Prostitution involves a prostitute or sex worker providing direct sexual services to a client.
Prostitution involves only perverts.
Prostitution is a career, a job.
Prostitution is a class B misdemeanor.
Prostitution is a crime in almost every state.
Prostitution is a deprivation of women's human rights.
Prostitution is a major concern and a policy issue for many countries, including the United States.
Prostitution is a much more noble profession than politician.
Prostitution is a pressing social problem.
Prostitution is a remedy for it.
Prostitution is a remedy on it.
Prostitution is a seasonal problem.
Prostitution is a social scourge.
Prostitution is a very common situation there.
Prostitution is a very educational field.
Prostitution is a very serious crime in Iran.
Prostitution is a violation of women's human rights.
Prostitution is already legal in the Netherlands.
Prostitution is also absent.
Prostitution is always a degrading act.
Prostitution is an easy way to make lots of money.
Prostitution is an expression of sexuality.
Prostitution is an extreme form of gender discrimination.
Prostitution is an illegal activity and therefore receives no First Amendment protections.
Prostitution is an old profession.
Prostitution is an ongoing concern in other nearby communities, as well.
Prostitution is another thing youngsters see no harm in.
Prostitution is casual, semi-open, and culturally acceptable.
Prostitution is common.
Prostitution is completely unregulated, and hence legal.
Prostitution is completely voluntary for all parties involved.
Prostitution is crime
Prostitution is defined as a relatively indiscriminate sexually exchange made for material gain.
Prostitution is defined as the practice of exchanging sexual favors for monetary compensation.
Prostitution is demeaning, degrading, and very dangerous.
Prostitution is described as the world's oldest profession.
Prostitution is evitable.
Prostitution is experienced and articulated as sex work for some women in contemporary society.
Prostitution is gendered labor done to earn money.
Prostitution is glamorous.
Prostitution is harmful to society.
Prostitution is here a matter of practical economics.
Prostitution is illegal both in Las Vegas and in surrounding Clark County.
Prostitution is illegal but mostly tolerated.
Prostitution is illegal but widespread in Cambodia.
Prostitution is illegal but widespread.
Prostitution is illegal everywhere in the U.S. except two Nevada counties.
Prostitution is illegal everywhere in the United States except in two counties of Nevada.
Prostitution is illegal in Albania.
Prostitution is illegal in Bulgaria but tolerated and controlled .
Prostitution is illegal in Clark County, which includes the city of Las Vegas.
Prostitution is illegal in many states.
Prostitution is illegal in Montana, but two brothels operate wide open in Butte.
Prostitution is illegal in Thailand.
Prostitution is illegal in Uganda.
Prostitution is illegal in Zimbabwe but the judge said the woman was under a contractual obligation.
Prostitution is illegal in Zimbabwe, and the police regularly raid known brothels.
Prostitution is illegal, but tolerated.
Prostitution is illegal, but widely available and almost tolerated.
Prostitution is illegal, of course.
Prostitution is illegal.
Prostitution is increasingly a problem in Cuba.
Prostitution is just a job involving sex.
Prostitution is just one part of their daily collapse.
Prostitution is legal and controlled in Japan.
Prostitution is legal and regulated.
Prostitution is legal and the smoking of cannabis is permitted in certain cafes.
Prostitution is legal in Amsterdam and marijuana is sold openly in coffee shops.
Prostitution is legal in Belgium.
Prostitution is legal in Berlin, but there's a big debate about taxation.
Prostitution is legal in Germany and prostitutes usually require that customers wear condoms.
Prostitution is legal in Germany.
Prostitution is legal in Hungary, but strictly regulated.
Prostitution is legal in India.
Prostitution is legal in the Czech republic so they cast the real thing.
Prostitution is legal in the Czech Republic, but pimping is a criminal offence.
Prostitution is legal in the Czech Republic, but pimping is a criminal offense.
Prostitution is legal in the Netherlands.
Prostitution is legal, but highly regulated.
Prostitution is legal, but only if no third party profits from it.
Prostitution is legal, regarded as a matter of privacy.
Prostitution is legal.
Prostitution is merely a symptom of other issues in their lives.
Prostitution is neither illegal nor regulated.
Prostitution is now illegal for most of the United States.
Prostitution is now illegal in all states except Nevada, where it is strictly regulated.
Prostitution is often hereditary.
Prostitution is on the rise and immorality abounds.
Prostitution is one of the branches of the sex industry .
Prostitution is one of the last great wars to be fought between the sexes.
Prostitution is one of the oldest profession in the world.
Prostitution is only legal in licensed brothels, and only in the rural counties.
Prostitution is outlawed, but pervasive.
Prostitution is part and parcel of being a huge tourist destination.
Prostitution is pretty blatant, authorities say.
Prostitution is productive.
Prostitution is qualified, as it is everywhere, as the oldest job in the world.
Prostitution is rampant, especially in resort towns and seaports.
Prostitution is rampant.
Prostitution is rape, gang rape.
Prostitution is rape.
Prostitution is reported to be increasing.
Prostitution is sexual abuse.
Prostitution is sexual relations with no emotional attachment.
Prostitution is sexual violence and exploitation of women, girls, and boys.
Prostitution is still illegal in South Africa.
Prostitution is taboo, and prostitutes themselves remain a despised social group.
Prostitution is tawdry.
Prostitution is technically illegal but widely tolerated.
Prostitution is technically illegal in Namibia, but tolerated.
Prostitution is technically illegal, but largely tolerated.
Prostitution is the act of engaging in a sex act for money.
Prostitution is the easiest source of work they can find.
Prostitution is the intersection of incest, rape, battery, and torture.
Prostitution is the oldest profession known to man.
Prostitution is the oldest profession.
Prostitution is the only way for the elementary graduates to get as much as a college graduate.
Prostitution is the result of child molestation, sexism, racism, and poverty.
Prostitution is the result of lack of choices.
Prostitution is the world's oldest industry, and it's been banned, barred and barricaded.
Prostitution is ubiquitous, both in rural areas and in the cities.
Prostitution is usually a case for the local authorities.
Prostitution is very big, and there's a lot of it there.
Prostitution is very much legal.
Prostitution is viewed the same way, no big deal and something to be kept out in the open.
Prostitution is violence against women and a violation of human rights.
Prostitution is well nigh legalized.
Prostitution is wrong.
Prostitution is, after all, a legal profession.
Prostitution is, after all, the world's oldest profession.
Prostitution just moves somewhere else, to the streets, and from neighborhood to neighborhood.
Prostitution needs to be eliminated.
Prostitution offers both money and labor opportunities for some women.
Prostitution parallels playback.
Prostitution practised by adults also shows contempt for another person's human dignity.
Prostitution promotes sexual activity outside of marriage.
Prostitution reinforces the perception of women as objects that can be bought and sold at a price.
Prostitution remains a major obstacle blocking the center's efforts to help teen-age girls.
Prostitution remains a problem and is directly related to the offence of soliciting.
Prostitution serves, as a means of satisfying sexual desires for a fee.
Prostitution shows no signs of letting up.
Prostitution tends to be a revolving-door offense.
Prostitution victimises all women, justifies the sale of any woman, and reduces all women to sex.
Prostitution victimizes all women, justifies the sale of any woman, and reduces all women to sex.
Prostitution usually is the only viable option for most females.
Prostrate cancer feeds on testosterone and the hormone treatments decrease testosterone levels.
Prostrate cancer is a killer but when diagnosed early it is treatable.
Prostrate habit is also important in terms of herbicide control .
Prostrate habit is also important in terms of herbicide control.
Prostrate trouble can cause problems.
Prostration depends on intention, and intention is a matter of the heart.
Prostration is a way of divesting oneself of arrogance and self-centredness.
Prostration is compliance.
Prostration is extreme and it often ends in death.
Prostration is motion.
Prostration is movement
Prostration is the symbol of physical surrender.
Prostrations are a way of accumulating truly good potential.
Prostrations are less awkward and less physically taxing if made in the following manner.
Prostrations purify negative karma of the body .
Prostrations purify on all three levels.
Prosynedrioy toy kommatos toy sthn poreia pros to E' taktiko synedrio.
A protagonist is an advocate
Protagonist goes off in search of lost person or thing.
Protagonist has desire, encounters conflict from antagonist, change results.
ProTaGoNist is a group of people from the Netherlands working with proof tools.
Protagonist is a spy and gay.
Protagonist is the most neutral term.
Protagonist is the principal and central character of a play.
Protagonist is the term used for the lead character.
Protagonist is venerable, admirable, the audience likes.
Protagonist means the main character in fiction as well as non-fiction, such as biographies.
Protagonist seeks arch-enemy.
Protagonist seems familiar.
Protagonists are always loners, almost by definition.
Protagonists are fictional characters.
Protagonists are, above all, modest, honest in recognizing their vulnerability.
Protagonists bemoan their dark fate and become helpless as jobs and enterprises collapse.
Protagonists take the field.
Many protagonists seem to take it for granted that they do.
A protamine is a simple protein
Protamine enhances the proliferative activity of hepatocyte growth factor in rats.
Protamine enhances the proliferative activity of hepatocyte.
Protamine increases the permeability of cultured epithelial monolayers.
Protamine is contraindicated in any patient known to be hypersensitive to the drug.
Protamine is the protein added to the insulin to make it long-acting.
Protan defects have a trichromatic form, protanomaly , and a dichromatic form, protanopia .
Protandrous hermaphrodites are the rarer of the two types.
A protea is a bush
Proteas also make beautiful arrangements when they are dried.
Proteas are a family of shrubs with unusual and beautiful flowers.
Proteas are a part of fynbos.
Proteas are a specialty of Maui Island.
Proteas are all natives of Africa with the majority of species concentrated in South Africa.
Proteas are excellent in both fresh flower arrangements and as dried flowers.
Proteas are more vulnerable to frost than leucadendron and waratah.
Proteas are native to South Africa.
Proteas are plants.
Proteas are shrubs.
Proteas are very slow growing plants taking a few years to become well established.
Proteas come in a wide variety of shapes and sizes.
Proteas have striking flowers.
Proteas usually flower during spring time.
Most proteas occur south of the Limpopo River .
Proteandrous hermaphrodites are the opposite of protogynous hermaphrodites.
A protease inhibitor is an antiviral drug
Protease inhibitors act by blocking the activation of viral proteins.
Protease inhibitors affect triglycerides in some patients.
Protease inhibitors are a class of anti-HIV drugs.
Protease inhibitors are a new class of anti-HIV drugs.
Protease inhibitors are also part of standard antiretroviral therapy.
Protease inhibitors are antiviral drugs.
Protease inhibitors are antivirals.
Protease inhibitors are by far the biggest lump in the pill burden.
Protease inhibitors are certainly a mixed bag of blessings.
Protease inhibitors are complicated to use correctly.
Protease inhibitors are expensive.
Protease inhibitors are far from a cure-all, however.
Protease inhibitors are much more effective.
Protease inhibitors are perhaps the most powerful anti-HIV drugs available.
Protease inhibitors are proteins.
Protease inhibitors are some of the most difficult drugs to take correctly.
Protease inhibitors are the most active group of anti-HIV drugs discovered to date.
Protease inhibitors are the most powerful anti-HIV drugs available so far.
Protease inhibitors are the second class of anti-HIV drugs currently available.
Protease inhibitors attack the virus once it has successfully infiltrated the cell.
Protease inhibitors block the cutting.
Protease inhibitors can effect the absorption of other drugs by the body.
Protease inhibitors come of age.
Protease inhibitors inhibit an enzyme system that processes medications in the liver.
Protease inhibitors play a role as well by increasing triglycerides and glucose.
Protease inhibitors prevent the protease enzyme from working.
Protease inhibitors shine in triple combinations.
Protease inhibitors slow tumor growth.
Protease inhibitors suppress in vitro growth of human small cell lung cancer.
Protease inhibitors unmask diabetes in some patients.
All protease inhibitors are currently on the Drug List.
All protease inhibitors run the risk of triggering the development of viral resistance.
A protease is an enzyme
Protease acts as a scavenger of oxidized and damaged proteins.
Protease can be endogenous or exogenous.
Protease cleaves longer proteins into smaller core proteins.
Protease helps assemble the new virions.
Protease helps yeast find mating partners.
Protease is a general term for any enzyme that can cut up proteins.
Protease is a polymorphic enzyme.
Protease is a powerful formula that assists in the digestion of proteins.
Protease is an enzyme that digests protein.
Protease is another crucial enzyme for maintaining a healthy body.
Protease is the enzyme that breaks down protein.
Protease is the enzyme that breaksdown protein.
Protease is the enzyme that digests proteins, amylase digests carbohydrates, and lipase digests fat.
Protease plays an important role in the final step of making a virus particle.
Proteases act as molecular scissors.
Proteases are all hydrolases - i.e. they cleave bonds by hydrolysis.
Proteases are also responsible for the pathogenic effects of many kinds of bacteria.
Proteases are enzymes necessary for viral replication.
Proteases are enzymes that break down proteins into smaller, usable amino acids.
Proteases are enzymes that cut protein chains in two.
Proteases are enzymes that hydrolyze amide bonds of proteins and peptides.
Proteases are enzymes which degrade or break down other proteins and enzymes.
Proteases are enzymes.
Proteases are likely to participate in the biogenetic processes of some protein complexes.
Proteases are proteins that degrade other proteins.
Proteases are the most commonly used enzymes in leather production.
Proteases are used throughout an organism for various metabolic processes.
Proteases are vital proteins that serve for order within cells.
Proteases can be either reversible or irreversible.
Proteases can break down proteins and can therefore cause extensive damage to normal cells.
Proteases can regulate their own activation, resulting in an exponential rate of activation.
Proteases cause destruction of blood-vessel basement membrane, and bronchial mucous secretion.
Proteases cleave their protein products to yield the envelope, capsid, and replication proteins.
Proteases consist of enzymes that break down proteins.
Proteases degrade proteins.
Proteases disrupt the structure of mucin.
Proteases generally act on proteins in one of two ways.
Proteases occur in all organisms, from prokaryotes to eukaryotes to viruses .
Many proteases are stored in the body in inactive forms called zymogens.
Many proteases reside within spezialized membrane-surrounded organelles, such as lysosomes.
Proteasomal degradation occurs in cytosol and nucleus c.
Protech participants show significantly higher rates of college attendance and completion.
Protect areas have poach problems.
Protect areas have problems.
Protect areas have serious poach problems.
Protect areas have serious problems.
Protect areas include areas.
Protect areas include protect areas.
Protect areas include protect such areas.
Protect areas take places.
Most protect areas have poach problems.
Most protect areas have problems.
Most protect areas have serious poach problems.
Most protect areas have serious problems.
Most protect areas take places.
Some protect areas are used by pipe plovers.
Some protect areas are used by plovers.
Some protect areas offer protection.
Protect biodiversity has success.
Most protect biodiversity has success.
Protect habitats ensure survival.
Protect water sheds against erosion, manure or chemicals.
Most protectant fungicides are relatively stable by themselves.
Protected area means an area encompassed by physical barriers and to which access is controlled.
Protected classifications vary from state to state.
Protected land is set aside within Sabre Springs.
Protected markets can also cause environmental damage by sheltering polluting domestic industries.
Protected mode is based on two fundamental ideas.
Protected monopolies is the only creation of bureaucratic liberal government.
Protected properties are also important reservoirs for protecting biodiversity.
Protected sex is one of life's important decisions.
Protected systems are available to improve link reliability and availability.
Protection mechanisms provides ways of permitting access.
Protection of nature is a continuous, ongoing task.
Protection orders can be very useful and necessary.
Protection orders can serve as notice to a defer.
Protection orders expire in one year, so the custody order is only temporary.
Protection orders remain in effect for one year or until they are removed by a court action.
Protection orders remain in effect until they are removed by a court action.
Protection orders stain records and reputations.
Protection proxies can control access to an object.
Protection allows many species to grow to a large size and reach their full reproductive potential.
Protection also extends to eggs and nests.
Protection also has to be organised for executives' families.
Protection also implies less trade, therefore less exports and fewer jobs in the trade sector.
Protection appears to be of long duration even if antibody levels decline or become undetectable.
Protection applies both to segment translation and to page translation.
Protection are a natural.
Protection begins in the watersheds.
Protection begins only when the patent issues.
Protection begins the first of the month following receipt of payment and application approval.
Protection begins the moment an original work is fixed in a tangible medium of expression.
Protection begins to wear off after several months and is gone by a year.
Protection begins with property evaluation.
Protection can be greater from state to state.
Protection can be in place ahead of the invasion.
Protection can be setup so that the name of the directory containing the pages remains secret.
Protection can last for up to two weeks.
Protection combines both term and accidental death insurance.
Protection comes from properly fusing the circuit.
Protection comes from the body's ability to develop immunity to the protein.
Protection comes in different forms.
Protection comes in the form of antibodies.
Protection continues as long as the Pill is taken on schedule.
Protection covers all eventualities.
Protection delay behind an fellow though go cornhuskers hats.
Protection delay behind an fellow though go golf club prices.
Protection delay behind an fellow though go new york jets poster.
Protection depends on the cooperation of employees.
Protection depends on their cumulative effect.
Protection develops one to two weeks after a single vaccination shot.
Protection does exist for consumers who have been slammed.
Protection encourages creativity.
Protection exists only with registration.
Protection extends both to registered and unregistered marks.
Protection extends down over the coronet band.
Protection extends from the hoof to over the knee.
Protection extends life.
Protection extends only to the author's expression of an idea or concept.
Protection extends primarily to customers who book and pay in the United Kingdom.
Protection extends primary to customers who book and pay in the United Kingdom.
Protection extends shelf life.
Protection extends to all but the oldest and cheapest used cars.
Protection extends to databases in both electronic and non-electronic form.
Protection extends to the circuit layout design as well as the finished product.
Protection extends to the layout design as well as to the finished product.
Protection extends to the state borders.
Protection extends to volunteer coaches and officers and directors of a team or league.
Protection generally involves the least degree of intervention and is preparatory to other work.
Protection generates a price difference across markets.
Protection given to a directory by using an htaccess file also extends to the subdirectories.
Protection Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
Protection goes for all warm-up areas as well.
Protection improves health.
Protection improves mental health.
Protection includes automatic sprinkler systems, better than average construction and occupancy.
Protection includes both integrity checks such as checksums and data encryption.
Protection includes camming devices, friends, bolts and pitons.
Protection includes coverage.
Protection includes detection.
Protection includes measures to protect against negli- gence, exploitation and abuse.
Protection includes measures to protect against negligence, exploitation and abuse.
Protection increases chances.
Protection increases with each shot.
Protection inevitably raises costs to consumers that far outweigh the gains to producers.
Protection intending Subject throughout position aside all angles instead lift on a glass.
Protection intending Subject throughout position aside all fencing instead lift on a glass.
Protection intending Subject throughout position aside all hilti drill instead lift on a glass.
Protection intending Subject throughout position aside all sink kitchen instead lift on a glass.
Protection involves paleontological, geothermal, and geological resources.
Protection involves several components.
Protection involves the least degree of intervention and is preparatory to other work.
Protection involves the use of crutches or splints to guard the injured area against further injury.
Protection is a big advantage.
Protection is a close second in reason prints are laminated.
Protection is a major role.
Protection is a matter of law.
Protection is a means of battle.
Protection is a primary consideration.
Protection is a static feature, whereas defense is a dynamic process.
Protection is about keeping out.
Protection is accomplished by filtering known spam sites and by blocking access of HTML messages.
Protection is accomplished through conservation easements and purchase.
Protection is accorded only within the state.
Protection is activities.
Protection is actually a misnomer.
Protection is afforded by a ball-gap across each tower's base insulator.
Protection is afforded for ten years initially and is renewable.
Protection is afforded to literary, dramatic and musical works.
Protection is all-important.
Protection is also available through copyrights and trade secrets.
Protection is also available through public folders in Outlook.
Protection is also available under the state common law doctrine of official immunity.
Protection is also second to none.
Protection is also the key when it comes to consumers.
Protection is an activity
Protection is an attitude.
Protection is asked from the four spirits of the wind.
Protection is assailable under another law, which is less protective.
Protection is at a high level, with restricted access.
Protection is at hand, however.
Protection is at the heart of the international community's responsibility towards refugees.
Protection is at the heart of the responsibility the world bears toward refugees.
Protection is automatic and there is no requirement to apply for registration.
Protection is automatic on creation of the work.
Protection is automatic unless the veteran declines.
Protection is available against anyone who steals the secret or uses it without permission.
Protection is available for both old and new products.
Protection is available for the external appearance of articles.
Protection is available for victims of child abuse.
Protection is available to winning bidders only.
Protection is available, click here for the newest updates and instructions.
Protection is based on a collective basis.
Protection is based upon password capabilities, address-password pairs.
Protection is called upon with the use of the fertility doll, the bible, and the gun.
Protection is cumulative.
Protection is defensive, reactive and often passive and threatens or injures no one.
Protection is defensive, reactive, often passive, and threatens or injures no one.
Protection is difficult or nonexistent.
Protection is difficult.
Protection Is each channel protected by a circuit breaker or a fuse.
Protection is equipment.
Protection is especially important where a source fears retaliation for their speech.
Protection is essential, and different activities call for different kinds of sunscreen.
Protection is essential.
Protection is evident on a variety of levels.
Protection is excellent from all but northerly winds.
Protection is extended to blood relatives of individuals from whom genetic information was obtained.
Protection is extended to include both personal injury and advertising injury liability.
Protection is extended upwards around the kidney area.
Protection is extensive.
Protection is extortion.
Protection is for a term of ten years renewable for equal terms.
Protection is for actual incidents that are happening.
Protection is for all original intellectual creations in the literary and artistic domain.
Protection is for incompetents.
Protection is fundamental to any comprehensive approach.
Protection is fundamental.
Protection is generally good with a selection of nuts, especially in the larger sizes.
Protection is given all consumers of managed care.
Protection is given through registration, and the protection is given for a period of five years.
Protection is greater and it comes at a lower cost when pursuing an integrated approach.
Protection is important because chickenpox is a very serious illness in adults.
Protection is important in high risk industries to prevent sensitisation.
Protection is imposition.
Protection is improved through systems of accountability.
Protection is in effect during all interim vacation periods.
Protection is in effect during all of Hudson Valley's vacation sessions.
Protection is independent of system operation conditions, e.g., unbalanced and external faults.
Protection is initially for a period of ten years which can be renewed for a further five years.
Protection is licensed to do business in Illinois.
Protection is limited to a geographical area of use.
Protection is limited to attendance at or near the worker's own place of work.
Protection is long lasting.
Protection is lost if the closet door is opened frequently.
Protection is lost when the oxidation process uses up the zinc, and the steel underneath can rust.
Protection is mainly from the parents in both homes.
Protection is mainly gloves and foot coverings worn over shoes.
Protection is measured by the projected likelihood of major flooding.
Protection is necessary to allow time for healing and to prevent reinjury.
Protection is necessary.
Protection Is Necessary.
Protection is needed from the world's allurements.
Protection is now available for investment in a child's college tuition.
Protection is now available, click here for the newest updates and instructions.
Protection is obviously the most important part of the whole mask.
Protection is of shorter duration than with oil emulsion vaccines.
Protection is offered against general liability and professional liability claims.
Protection is offered to the weak against the gambling shark and saloon.
Protection is often bad or difficult to place.
Protection is often only psychological or requires a great deal of creativity to place.
Protection is on a very high level.
Protection is on the side of the defenders, and therefore victory also.
Protection is one of the most powerful desires.
Protection is only available for the expression of the author.
Protection is only in respect of substantial or complete copying.
Protection is only statewide.
Protection is only temporary.
Protection is permanent.
Protection is poor to none on lower half.
Protection is possible via a fallout shelter.
Protection is prevention.
Protection is provided at both the application and communication levels.
Protection is provided by a professional police department and eight volunteer fire departments.
Protection is provided by the middle ear muscles.
Protection is provided for covered property at off-site premises.
Protection is provided for lawsuits brought by athletic participants.
Protection is provided for seniors.
Protection is provided for the first four years after the in-service date, regardless of mileage.
Protection is provided from the start to the end of the mandate.
Protection is provided in all venerable areas, especially the inner thigh.
Protection is provided outside city limits.
Protection is provided to property owners under the U.S. Constitution for the taking of land.
Protection is relatively simple.
Protection is renewable indefinitely.
Protection is required.
Protection is security.
Protection is short-lived and annual vaccination is required.
Protection is simple, safe, and inexpensive.
Protection is sought against such evils as lust, wrath, greed, attachment and pride.
Protection is sought by publishing cautionary notices in local newspapers.
Protection is sought for the mark as a whole.
Protection is sparse.
Protection is stronger than that given to SSSIs.
Protection is territorial and covers the UK only.
Protection is the act of keeping a person safe from harm or injury.
Protection is the best prevention.
Protection is the chief possession.
Protection is the cure.
Protection is the fifth of our Five P's of good business.
Protection is the key to the success of a saguaro.
Protection is the key word.
Protection is the key.
Protection is the latest challenge for all switched consolidated networks.
Protection is the mark of a warrior spirit.
Protection is the name of the game but along with that is comfort.
Protection is the only means by which to curtail it.
Protection is the proactive process of creating an environment that is as secure as possible.
Protection is the same as for all members of works councils.
Protection is the sense of detachment and innocence.
Protection is used in forms.
Protection is usually very good and easy to place.
Protection is very important when considering things like trademarking.
Protection is via IgG antibodies.
Protection isa activity.
Protection lasts as long as trade secret remains confidential a.
Protection lasts for about an hour after the insertion.
Protection lasts longer because adhesion is stronger and corrosion resistance is higher.
Protection lasts three to five years.
Protection leads to freedom.
Protection looks for the danger and then builds walls to keep it from entering.
Protection means covering the upper parts of the plant and the soil over the roots.
Protection means out of the wind, snow and rain.
Protection means staying both comfortable and safe.
Protection means supporting producers who are a part of one's own society.
Protection measures Malaria transmission occurs primarily between dusk and dawn.
Protection needs vary depending on the size of the run.
Protection now extends to other varieties which are derived from the protected variety.
Protection occurs in about one week after vaccination.
Protection occurs under the same conditions required to generate the gel-retarded complex.
Protection Offers a superb protective coating treatment that is self-leveling.
Protection only exists where exchange is between users with accounts on the same e-mail server.
Protection persists only while a woman is on therapy.
Protection provided by air purifying respirators is limited.
Protection provided by air purifying respiratory is limited.
Protection provided by air-purifying respirators is limited.
Protection provided by the vaccine lasts about four to six months.
Protection quickly absorbs and locks fluids away.
Protection reduces dehydration.
Protection remains even if additional contamination is discovered, or if technical standards change.
Protection remains the primary mission.
Protection requires additional data about the turtles' habitat availability, use, and preference.
Protection requires no source code changes at all.
Protection requires the stimulation of several types of immune cell.
Protection seems to be incomplete regardless of vaccine type.
Protection serves as the next step in the life of a microwave facility.
Protection starts with a password that is difficult to guess.
Protection starts with proper location and construction of the well, followed by disinfection.
Protection subsists from the time the work is created in fixed form.
Protection switching between active and spare subsystems can result in brief service interruption.
Protection take Connection to little father behind a board.
Protection takes three forms.
Protection There are many different ways invertebrates protect themselves from danger.
Protection thus covers even plant or animal varieties.
Protection uses methods.
Protection varies greatly from state to state.
Protection wish underneath several heaven than talk car buy purchase.
Protection works for some more.
Protections are in place today to keep liquor out of the hands of children.
Protections are virtually identical to the employment obligations under the Rehabilitation Act.
Protections cover billing, deposits, termination of service and special cold weather safeguards.
Protection often leans heavily on chemical control.
All protection is lost when messages are sent to other Internet users.
Any protection is better than no protection.
Any protection is better than none.
Any protection offered by the topcoat is then one step removed from the steel.
Many protections are necessary.
More protection comes from the new federal Good Samaritan Act.
Most protection extends life.
Most protection extends shelf life.
Most protection improves health.
Most protection improves mental health.
Most protection includes coverage.
Most protection includes detection.
Most protection increases chances.
Most protection reduces dehydration.
Most protection uses methods.
Some protection ensures protection.
Some protection extends above the height of the windbreak.
Some protection has influence survival.
Some protection has survival.
Some protection includes development.
Some protection is afforded by covering with a mattress during the height of the storm.
Some protection is better where summers are hotter.
Some protection is needed in the northern states during, the winter.
Some protection is offered by removing the crank handle from the operating mechanism.
Some protection is provided by the law.
Some protection is required against both the hot sun and winter weather conditions.
Some protection provides coverage.
Some protection provides survival.
Some protection requires capacity.
Some protection takes care.
Some protection uses reflection.
Some protections are more direct than others.
Protectionism builds on the governmental power to tax one man to help the business of another.
Protectionism can also escalate as other countries retaliate by raising their own trade barriers.
Protectionism can be bad for growth but only if accompanied by other harmful economic policies.
Protectionism can maximize a country s national income a.
Protectionism can put a damper on the efficiencies of trade.
Protectionism does the opposite.
Protectionism goes into the dustbin.
Protectionism has no place in the global economy.
Protectionism has to be a thing of the past.
Protectionism is a dead-end street.
Protectionism is a lose-lose policy.
Protectionism is a misnomer.
Protectionism is a red herring.
Protectionism is a swift road to poverty.
Protectionism is a violation of the government's legitimate jurisdiction.
Protectionism is also on the rise as a result of economic hardship and trade imbalance.
Protectionism is always counter-productive, but in no area more so than in finance.
Protectionism is an aspect of all cultures.
Protectionism is an attempt to raise standards of living by systematically raising prices.
Protectionism is another important issue.
Protectionism is back.
Protectionism is difficult to dismantle.
Protectionism is economic policy
Protectionism is economic policy.
Protectionism is fools gold.
Protectionism is indispensable where there is no domestic free trade.
Protectionism is ineffective.
Protectionism is most men's idea of women's self-defense.
Protectionism is no longer popular now.
Protectionism is on the rise.
Protectionism is one of the purposes.
Protectionism is punished and liberalization rewarded.
Protectionism is self-defeating and antiquated.
Protectionism is the classic example.
Protectionism is the implementation of policies to erect barriers to free international trade.
Protectionism is the lingering specter of colonialism, a menace that still haunts the country.
Protectionism is the practice of using our trade policies to protect our interests and ideals.
Protectionism is usually a smoldering issue in the United States.
Protectionism is wrong.
Protectionism is, as has been seen in the past, a self-defeating strategy.
Protectionism makes for strange bedfellows.
Protectionism makes war profitable.
Protectionism means an automatic partial expropriation of the buyers' dollars.
Protectionism means shackling some people in order to enrich other people.
Protectionism only depresses investor confidence and prolongs sluggishness.
Protectionism only opens the door to retaliation.
Protectionism places an unjust burden on the citizenry.
Protectionism produces political corruption, economic stagnation, and international conflict.
Protectionism raises a country's average standard of living.
Protectionism restricts access to markets and cuts exports.
Protectionism rests upon a moral glorification of an economy's least competitive producers.
Protectionism takes several forms, all of which violate consumer freedom of choice.
Protectionism tends to lead to inefficiency and job losses in the long run.
Protectionism always hurts the consumer.
Protectionist economies represent another failed strategy of opposition to the market.
Protectionist influence seems to be on the rise, despite the proven overall benefits of freer trade.
Protectionist interests are at work both within the region and outside.
Protectionist measures are more apt to radicalize than liberalize closed societies.
Protectionist policies are the signs of an insecure and ignorant people.
Protectionist policies limit competition and increase costs.
Protectionist policies tend to a. protect foreign producers selling in domestic markets.
Protectionist policies work counter to the benefits of a free-market system.
Protectionist sentiment is to the fore.
A protectionist is an advocate
Protectionists are advocates.
Protectionists argue that free trade is destroying manufacturing.
Protectionists argue that the presence of higher tariffs maintained a larger manufacturing base.
Protectionists argue the presence of higher tariffs maintained a larger manufacturing base.
Protectionists claim trade deficits are a major cause of unemployment.
Protectionists fail to realize just how intertwined the world s economies have become.
Protectionists fret that a flood of cheap Chinese imports threatens American jobs.
Protectionists go back on the offensive.
Protectionists murder the market and then scorn consumers for being orphans.
Protectionists operate under a mighty peculiar set of unexamined assumptions .
Protectionists See Tariff.
Many protectionists contend that economic self-sufficiency is needed for national defense.
Protective action is recommended.
Protective aggression is stimulated by sudden movements.
Protective antibodies circulate in blood.
Protective antibodies develop in response to infection and persist for life.
Protective antibodies inhibit reovirus internalization and uncoating by intracellular proteases.
Protective antibodies result from the invasion of the body by viruses or other germs.
Protective antibody titres to the vaccine last at least three years.
Most protective antibodies circulate in blood.
Some protective antibodies prevent allergic reaction.
Some protective antibodies prevent reaction.
Protective apparel is required upon entering a collapsed structure.
Protective baffle controls back splash.
Protective barrier provides guaranteed control of crawling pests.
Protective boots allow the player to cross dangerously hot or toxic floors .
Protective boots allow the player to cross dangerously hot or toxic floors.
Protective boots can help prevent splints.
Protective breakwaters limit swell impact to the outer harbor.
Protective capacity depends on effector cytokine secretion and on migratory capability.
Protective capacity is required to allow a project to recover from a setback.
Protective capsules have shapes.
Most protective capsules have shapes.
Protective case can renain on unit while in use.
Protective cases offer protection, but are too bulky.
Protective clearing is more limited.
Protective clothing can be effective against biological hazards at wastewater treatment facilities.
Protective clothing is a necessity.
Protective clothing is advisable.
Protective clothing is also important.
Protective clothing is both tuff and tender.
Protective clothing is chosen according to the anticipation of splash and spatter.
Protective clothing is dark and has a tight weave.
Protective clothing is highly recommended.
Protective clothing is important.
Protective clothing is prohibitively expensive, and the tropical heat makes it almost unwearable.
Protective clothing is provided.
Protective clothing is recommended at all times when working in animal areas.
Protective clothing is recommended.
Protective clothing is removed and left in the laboratory before leaving for non-laboratory areas.
Protective clothing is required depending upon the situation.
Protective clothing is required in the containment area.
Protective clothing is required.
Protective clothing is sometimes necessary.
Protective clothing is suggested to protect against the ants stinging and biting.
Protective clothing is to be removed when leaving designated work areas.
Protective clothing is worn in the animal room and is removed before leaving the facility.
Protective clothing is, of course, available for different parts of the body.
All protective clothing is either disposed of in the laboratory or laundered by the institution.
Protective coats provide protection.
Most protective coats provide protection.
Some protective coats help pandas.
Protective coating brings longer equipment life and better performance.
Protective coating helps prevent scratching.
Protective coating prevents acid corrosion.
Protective coating prevents corrosion.
Protective coatings are used to reduce the thermal damage and to limit oxidation .
Protective coatings are, therefore, mandatory.
Protective coloration is a colouration
Protective coloration is an adaptation in which color matching is used to blend into the background.
Some protective compounds affect fate.
Protective cove keeps waves down.
Protective coves are good for trotlines, the water is unusually clear, and trolling is popular.
Protective covenants allow only site-built homes on the lots in the subdivision.
Protective covenants apply.
Protective covenants ensure quality living at it's best.
Protective covenants ensure the park maintains it's high level of amenities.
Protective covenants restrict mobile homes.
Protective covenants run with the land.
A protective cover is a covering
Protective cover closes like a mini-laptop computer.
Protective cover folds back to form a stand.
Protective cover is used for loafing and is necessary for escaping from predators.
Protective cover keeps dirt and dust away from expensive discs.
Protective covering are covering.
Protective covering are devices.
Protective covering goes into place.
Protective cups come in boy's and men's sizes.
Protective devices are generally available in a variety of sizes.
Protective devices can take many forms, but ultimately, they almost all provide a safety function.
Some protective devices offer little or no protection to the face.
Protective edges are to be provided on laboratory bench island shelves.
Some protective effects have roles.
Protective Equipment Adds gloves as recommended protective equipment.
Protective equipment can enhance enjoyment while reducing that risk.
Protective equipment can further reduce the risk of injury.
Protective equipment can prevent eye, head, face and mouth injuries.
Protective equipment includes gloves, aprons, boots, and chemical handlers' goggles.
Protective equipment is necessary.
Protective equipment is required.
Protective equipment is scarce, and worker-safety training is inadequate.
Protective equipment is substandard at best.
Protective equipment keeps injuries at a minimum.
Protective equipment made of neoprene or nitrile rubber is recommended.
Protective equipment needs to be used when handling animals, especially trapped mammals.
Protective equipment worn by tae kwon do competitors to minimize injury while sparring.
Most protective equipment is available through schools or at a sporting goods store.
Some protective equipment is available for check out.
Protective eye wear.
Protective factors are important throughout a child's developmental process.
Protective factors are the same as assets.
Protective factors are under-researched but are likely to lie in the nature of psychiatric care.
Protective factors buffer children from the dangers associated with the risk factors.
Protective factors can exist in the individual or be obtained from the environment.
Protective factors can increase a child's own resiliency to risk.
Protective factors refer to positive action strategies that build resiliency in youth.
Protective factors serve as buffers to foster adaptation and competence in the child.
Protective factors warrant more research attention.
Some protective factors are inherent in the nature of resilient people.
Protective fighters drop their belly tanks to get extra range.
Protective firewalls underscore their technical and organizational separateness.
Protective flaps protect gills.
Most protective flaps protect gills.
Protective foods demand more hard work from the farmer than the simple energy foods.
Protective foot wear or support stockings is important.
Protective footwear is also a good idea.
Protective footwear is essential to ensure safe and healthy feet.
Protective footwear is highly recommended.
Protective footwear is required on all exercise equipment and in the free weight room.
Protective forces are at work to ensure benefits and vacation time.
Protective fungicides are available for use on only a few crops.
Protective fungicides can help reduce damage if persistent, severe infection occurs.
Protective fungicides provide a moderate degree of control.
Protective gear can dramatically reduce the risk of baseball and softball injuries .
Protective gear includes helmet and safety straps.
Protective gear includes helmet and seatbelt.
Protective gear is advised.
Protective gear is available to prevent kids' sports injuries to the head and mouth.
Protective gear is included.
Protective gear is provided while guests help to extract the honey.
Protective gear is provided, while guests help the beekeeper extract the honey.
Protective gear is the participants responsibility.
Protective gear is used, however, in some class situations.
Protective gear worn by the students while engaging in floor hockey is necessary.
All protective gear is supplied.
Protective glass is inset, behind a routed groove in the frame, and secured.
Protective gloves are a required part of the uniform.
Protective gloves are optional.
Protective gloves are to be worn by staff when there is a possibility of contact with bodily fluids.
Protective gloves are to be worn when cleaning bodily fluids.
Protective gloves can keep skin safe from gardening chemicals.
Protective grills cover the main parts of the paintings.
Protective hair grows between the toes.
Protective headgear decreases the chances of brain or spinal cord injury.
Protective headgear is advisable and essential when jumping.
Protective headgear is for all riders, although especially important for jumping and racing.
Protective headgear is mandatory for all contestants.
Protective headgear is mandatory for all participants.
Protective headgear is mandatory.
Protective headgear is required while mounted on show grounds.
Protective helmets are mandatory for catchers.
Some protective helmets are worn by construction workers.
Some protective helmets are worn by workers.
Protective home guardians.
Protective hood ensures safe, low noise operation.
Protective immunity is induced in form of complement independent neutralizing antibodies.
Protective immunity lasts longer when boosters are given.
Protective instincts can be overblown, they also take people's eyes off the ball.
Protective jackets made with plaster bandages work well for removing bones from the sediment cones.
Protective layers start being secreted from the core to cover and protect it.
Protective legislation becomes mandatory.
Some protective legislation exists.
Protective lens cover.
Protective limit switches.
Protective maintenance is critical.
Protective masks are mandatory and are provided for all guests.
Protective masks fit properly and are sealed.
Protective measures can reduce the undesirable effects of noise.
Protective measures can take many forms.
Some protective measures are self-evident.
Some protective membranes contain enzymes.
Some protective membranes cover ears.
Some protective membranes cover eyes.
Protective neoprene cuffs over ankle gaskets.
Protective neoprene cuffs over neck and wrist gaskets.
Protective orders are very important.
Protective orders can be ineffective.
Protective orders remain in effect for one year and can be renewed for an additional year.
Protective organizations can do nothing.
Protective packaging is recommended for mailing figures.
Protective pads are also very useful.
Protective pads can also cushion the painful area.
Protective paper is another issue.
Protective parameters do exist to keep sensitive medical information confidential.
Protective plantations are the only effective defense against such encroachment.
Protective plates cover the abdomen, into which the neck and head with mouth cone can be retracted.
Protective products are for no to light contact only, unless otherwise stated.
Protective reactions are first line of defense to prevent a fall.
Protective reefs provide shelter.
Most protective reefs provide shelter.
Protective relays provide sensing and control functions for engine generators and switchgear.
Protective research is an important ingredient in all security operations.
Protective resemblance is used by prey to avoid predation.
Protective rights are rights to be protected from something.
Protective rubber trim around bath buffers against breakage and helps prevent operator burns.
Protective screen sends the fire's warmth radiating all around and keeps embers inside.
Protective seed coats provide protection.
Protective services can also include temporary relocation of the affected victim or witness.
Some protective shells are made of chitin.
Some protective shells have legs.
Protective shields prevent contamination.
Some protective shields cover heads.
Some protective shields protect eyes.
Protective shielding eliminates distortion from body induction.
Protective skin prevents water loss but requires several molts a year.
Protective skirt covers load race.
Protective soles add traction, comfort, durability, and protection from water penetration.
More protective states go much further.
Some protective structures aid in dispersals.
Some protective structures develop into fruit.
Protective supervision is limited to services needed due to mental impairment of the recipient.
Protective systems are free from damage or defects.
Protective technologies are as diverse as their clients.
Protective vapours disseminate in the enclosed space through vapourization.
Protective vinyl trim on all side disposal openings.
Protective word spars used in cargo holds to protect cargo from damage during transit.
Protectiveness is affection.
Protectiveness is crucial, but worry means a diminished immune-system.
Protectiveness is definitely there but takes a backseat to other facets of the dog's personality.
Protectiveness is one thing, but sheer aggression is categorized as a male trait.
Protectiveness is quality
Protectiveness is quality.
Protecto cases satisfy all state and airline requirements for security.
A protector is a person
Protector adds error handling to code.
Protector comes with a stylish stand that stores the razor, blade cover, and refill blades.
Protector does wear off, so it is important to reuse it about every six months to a year.
Protector is a multifaceted outreach program targeting Hispanic communities in California.
Protector takes a little of Asteroids and a little of Tempest and puts it in a small window.
Protectors are really, really mean.
Protectors are television shows.
Protectors come complete with rivets and instructions.
Protectors like to help by maintaining law and order.
Protectors meet regularly for follow-up.
Protectors win if no one else does when time runs out.
All protectors are mirror polished aluminum.
A protectorate is a district
Protectorates are about buying time.
A protege is an acquirer
Protege appears as the concluding prayer of Sext in the Dominican Rite.
Protege has a flat property space.
Proteges are high school students who are making plans for post-secondary education and employment.
Proteges are people.
Proteges can therefore select a mentor who shares their academic interests.
Proteges can therefore, select a mentor who shares their academic interestes.
Proteges can utilize the help offered through the program to make transition easier.
Proteges have only one mentor at a time.
Proteges pick their mentors.
Proteges receive a regional bus pass the satisfies local transportation needs.
Proteges receive help in achieving their career goals.
Protein adsorption is a process that has a fundamental role in the field of biomaterials .
Protein aggregates can compromise the viability of affected cells.
Protein aggregation is similar to coagulation of colloidal particles in solution.
Protein aggregation plays a key role in the control of many physiological systems.
Protein allergy is more than a tolerance problem.
Protein amino acid induces intense pain.
Protein amino acid induces pain.
Protein amino acid triggers reaction.
Protein analyses indicate that they have characteristics of both.
Protein bars can be an excellent source of soy protein.
Some protein bars are nothing more than glorified candy bars.
Protein biosynthesis is the final step in the transfer of genetic information in the cell.
Most protein chips are conceptually similar.
Protein combining is completely unnecessary.
Protein conformation dictates prion strain.
Protein conformation is of paramount importance in understanding biomolecular interactions.
Protein crystals are one type.
Protein crystals are soft and very fragile.
Protein crystals are usually very small, often only the width of a human hair.
Protein crystals are very fragile, soft, and sensitive to environmental variations.
Protein crystals contain water, some of which is firmly bound to the protein surface.
Protein crystals form inside a lipid crystal.
Protein crystallization is as much an art as a science.
Protein crystallization is currently more art than science.
Protein crystallization is the rate limiting step in the determination of a protein s structure.
Protein database searches for multiple alignments.
Some protein databases contain residues.
Protein deficiencies are common in many parts of the world.
Protein deficiencies can cause many problems as well.
Protein deficiencies cause health problems.
Protein deficiencies cause problems.
Protein deficiencies cause serious health problems.
Protein deficiencies cause serious problems.
Protein deficiency has severe consequences for the body.
Protein deficiency is also an important consequence of long-term or high volume infection.
Protein deficiency is extremely unlikely on a diet drawn from a variety of plant foods.
Protein deficiency is one of the last great American myths.
Most protein deficiencies cause health problems.
Most protein deficiencies cause problems.
Most protein deficiencies cause serious health problems.
Most protein deficiencies cause serious problems.
Protein degradation involves many different proteases, such as calpains and cathepsins.
Protein degradation is a necessity but also a hazard.
Protein degradation is an essential component of normal cellular homeostasis.
Protein degradation is an important part of cell maintenance.
Most protein degradation involves the proteasome, which carries out selective protein degradation.
Some protein degradation occurs in lysosomes .
Protein design is the construction of entirely novel proteins.
Protein diets affect health.
Protein diets cause excretion.
Protein diets contain pollen.
Protein diets help weight.
Protein diets need for growth.
Protein diets need for rapid growth.
Protein diets promote growth.
Protein diets promote muscle growth.
Most protein diets affect health.
Most protein diets cause excretion.
Most protein diets contain pollen.
Most protein diets help weight.
Most protein diets promote growth.
Most protein diets promote muscle growth.
Some protein diets consist of bacon.
Some protein diets help athletes.
Some protein diets improve glucose oxidation.
Some protein diets improve oxidation.
Some protein diets increase calcium excretion.
Some protein diets increase excretion.
Some protein diets lead to abnormalities.
Some protein diets reduce consumption.
Protein digestibility decreases as fiber content increases and heat tends to destroy it.
Protein digestibility differs somewhat less dramatically.
Protein docking is a new and challenging application for query processing in database systems.
Protein electrophoresis indicates immunoglobulins as a group.
Protein electrophoresis indicates the presence of immunoglobulins as a group.
Protein engineering is a major activity of research activity in the department.
Protein engineering is now commonplace.
Protein engineering provides one motif to seek a true understanding.
Protein engineering reveals ancient adaptive replacements in isocitrate dehydrogenase.
Protein expression is localized primarily to the cytoplasm in single cells.
A protein folding is a biological process
Protein folding is a multistep process.
Protein folding is an empirical reality seeking a theory.
Protein folding is an increasingly important field in bio-medical research.
Protein folding is largely self-organising .
Protein folding is largely self-organising.
Protein folding is one of the central unsolved problems in structural biology.
Protein folding is one of the fundamental unsolved problems in molecular biology.
Protein folding is one of the hot spots in modern biology.
Protein folding is quite an up and coming field.
Protein folding is the third stage in the development of protein structure.
Protein folding meets functional programming.
Protein folding provides an important example.
Protein folding remains an active research area.
Protein folding reveals a hierarchy of structural organization.
Protein food provides an amino acid called tyrosine, which manufactures dopamine and norepinephrine.
Protein foods are best carriers, particularly in sauces.
Protein foods are meat, poultry, eggs, cheese, fish, and tofu.
Protein foods are on the same level of the food pyramid as milk and yogurt.
Protein foods can spoil very easily when left to sit at room temperature.
Protein foods differ from carbohydrates and fats by containing nitrogen which the latter lack.
Protein foods have the opposite effect of carbohydrates and decrease serotonin levels.
Protein foods require an acid environment for proper digestion.
Protein foods require an acid medium for digestion- hydrochloric acid.
Protein foods require an acid medium for digestion.
Protein foods take longer to digest than starch.
Protein hormones are produced by glands.
Protein hormones are produced by pituitary glands.
Protein hormones have no activity when taken by mouth, while steroid hormones do have activity.
Protein hormones produce in glands.
Most protein hormones are produced by glands.
Most protein hormones are produced by pituitary glands.
Most protein hormones produce in glands.
Some protein hormones are actually glycoproteins, containing glucose or other carbohydrate groups.
Some protein hormones are made by pancreases.
Protein intake causes diseases.
Protein intake causes renal diseases.
Protein intake comes from sources.
Protein intake has anabolic effects.
Protein intake has effects.
Protein intake has significant effects.
Protein intake has term effects.
Protein intake helps blood pressure.
Protein intake helps pressure.
Protein intake increases calcium excretion.
Protein intake increases excretion.
Protein intake increases urea excretion.
Protein intake leads to calcium excretion.
Protein intake leads to excretion.
Protein intake plays roles.
Protein intake results in consumption.
Protein interaction is a unifying theme of all cellular regulation.
Protein interactions underlie most virus disease processes.
Protein kinase is enzymes.
Protein kinase is proteins.
Protein kinases are essential components of many signal transduction pathways.
Protein kinases are key regulatory molecules that control many biological processes.
Protein kinases are master switches in many of the human body's biological cascades.
Protein kinases are widespread in the body.
Protein kinases can activate phosphorylase by adding phosphate.
Protein levels affect excretion.
Protein ligands require a transmembrane receptor site to bind to.
Protein malnutrition affects the growth trajectories of the craniofacial skeleton in rats.
Protein metabolism is of the utmost importance in body building or nutritional programs.
Protein metabolism is temperature compensated during early development of an Antarctic sea urchin.
Protein metabolism is under the control of our hormones.
Protein metabolism produces extra heat.
Protein metabolism produces nitrogen which is processed by the kidneys.
A protein molecule is a molecule
Protein molecules are among the primary effectors of physiological and biochemical processes.
Protein molecules are brilliant enzymes but lousy replicators.
Protein molecules are embedded in the lipid bilayer.
Protein molecules are made up of different combinations of amino acids.
Protein molecules are molecules.
Protein molecules are organic molecules.
Protein molecules are peptides.
Protein molecules are polymers.
Protein molecules are polypeptide.
Protein molecules are proteins.
Protein molecules are sensitive to heat.
Protein molecules are the carriers of enzyme action.
Protein molecules are the effectors of all biological function.
Protein molecules are the expressions of a gene.
Protein molecules are too large to be filtered out of the blood into the urine.
Protein molecules consist of long chains of building blocks called amino acids.
Protein molecules contain acidic and basic groups.
Protein molecules have three-dimensional folded shapes.
All protein molecules consist of very long chains of simple components called amino acids .
All protein molecules function by binding specifically to other molecules.
All protein molecules undergo a physical rearrangement to give a secondary structure.
Every protein molecule has a characteristic three-dimensional shape, or conformation.
Every protein molecule has the property of making transitions from one structure to another.
Every protein molecule is composed of amino acids.
Protein needs are based on weight rather than calorie intake.
Protein needs are greater during illness, treatment and recovery.
Protein packing determines orientation of NO in the pocket and also NO reactivity.
Protein phosphatases provide access to the phosphorelay for additional regulatory signals.
Protein powder mixes with water.
Protein powders are available at most health food stores.
Protein powders are unnecessary for fitness enthusiasts.
Protein powders supply much more protein then necessary and the majority of it is converted to fat.
Protein powders work in the sense that they make it easier to eat a lot of protein.
Protein premiums are high in such milk markets.
Protein production is one of the main functions of a living cell.
Protein quality depends on both digestibility and amino acid composition.
Protein quality is a bit lower, especially in Saskatchewan.
Protein quality is based on the presence of essential amino acids in the feed ingredients.
Protein quality is determined by protein digestibility and amino acid content.
Protein quality is determined by what two factors.
Protein quality is improved through reduction of ammonia-nitrogen loss.
Protein quality is the proper amount and ratio of essential amino acids.
Protein quality refers to the amounts of dietary amino acids that make up protein.
Protein quality relates to amino acids, lysine being the most important.
Protein requirements are very individualized and are primarily dependent upon level of activity.
Protein requirements can vary because of chronic disease.
Protein requirements decrease as fish grow.
Protein requirements do increase to slightly more than that of maintenance.
Protein requirements vary based on the type and intensity of activity.
Protein requirements vary for different classes of horses.
Protein shakes are a great way to get more energy in between meals.
Protein shakes are convenient and cheap.
Protein skimmers are excellent devices to do so.
Protein stability Give three examples of stabilizing mutations that mainly influence entropy.
Protein structure encodes the ligand binding specificity in pheromone binding proteins.
Protein structure is described hierarchically.
Protein structure is determined by primary structure.
Protein structure is determined by several factors.
Protein structure is formed at multiple levels.
Protein structure is important because it indicates the function of a protein.
Protein structures are in general comprised of a tightly packed core and outside loops.
Protein structures have multiple levels of complexity.
Protein structures range in size from tens to several thousand amino acids .
Protein structures range in size from tens to several thousand amino acids.
Protein structures sustain evolutionary drift.
Protein supplement is required in most grain mixtures for dairy cows.
Protein supplements are available in many forms.
Protein supplements are beneficial in patients at risk of developing multi organ failure.
Protein supplements are expensive, unnecessary, and even harmful for some people.
Protein supplements are less well digested than protein-rich food and they cost more than food, too.
Protein supplements are unnecessary, and amino acid supplements can actually be harmful.
Protein supplements come in various shapes and potencies as well as from a wide variety of sources.
Most protein supplements provide a lot of calories as well as protein.
Protein synthesis begins with the separation of a DNA molecule into two strands.
Protein synthesis begins with transcription of a DNA strand within a cell nucleus.
Protein synthesis includes the mechanisms of chaperone and chaperonin actions.
Protein synthesis involves chain initiation, chain elongation, chain termination.
Protein synthesis involves factors.
Protein synthesis involves initiation factors.
Protein synthesis involves linking small subunits into long chains called polypetides.
Protein synthesis involves many factors.
Protein synthesis involves two parts, transcription and translation.
Protein synthesis is a complex process involving many molecular machines.
Protein synthesis is a rather energy-consuming process.
Protein synthesis is accomplished through a process called translation.
Protein synthesis is an energy-requiring process.
Protein synthesis is an example of anabolism.
Protein synthesis is an extremely complex process, which lies at at the core of all living cells.
Protein synthesis is dependent on an adequate supply of all of the specific amino acids required.
Protein synthesis is impaired at lysine residues.
Protein synthesis is important in amplifying the visual signal presented to the retina.
Protein synthesis is increased as well as appetite, while lowering cholesterol .
Protein synthesis is required for synaptic plasticity and memory.
Protein synthesis is suppressed during exercise and stimulated when physical activity ends.
Protein synthesis is terminated and the completed polypeptide is released from the ribosome.
Protein synthesis is terminated by release factors that read stop codons.
Protein synthesis is the major task performed by living cells.
Protein synthesis is the process by which cells make protein using genetic information.
Protein synthesis is the process by which living cells convert food into new cell-building material.
Protein synthesis occurs at the ribosomes.
Protein synthesis occurs in four generally recognized stages.
Protein synthesis occurs in the post-synaptic junction.
Protein synthesis represents the fundamental work of the genes.
Protein synthesis takes place at the ribosomes of the cell.
Protein synthesis takes place in every single living cells.
Most protein synthesis involves factors.
Most protein synthesis involves initiation factors.
Most protein synthesis involves many factors.
Some protein synthesis is followed by activations.
Some protein synthesis is followed by oocyte activations.
Some protein synthesis occurs at time.
Protein toxins cause illnesses.
Protein translation is performed according to the standard translation table.
Most protein translation occurs in the cytoplasm, requiring that RNAs be delivered there.
Protein translocation is so fundamental, it is very similar in all living creatures.
Protein turnover is the time between anabolism and catabolism of an individual protein.
A protein is a molecule
A protein is an organic compound
Protein also facilitates vitamin absorption.
Protein also helps children and adolescents to grow.
Protein also helps maintain a strong immune function.
Protein also helps maintain the proper acid alkali balance.
Protein also helps regulate body processes.
Protein also is in dairy products, grains and legumes, including beans, peas and lentils.
Protein also is limited in such hays.
Protein also satiates and has the highest thermic effect.
Protein also supplies some energy.
Protein appears to be receiving a bad rap for several reasons.
Protein appears to slow down the rate of gastric emptying.
Protein Are large, naturally occurring polypeptides.
Protein arranges itself to allow light rays to pass through and to focus the rays onto the retina.
Protein arrays allow gene expression analysis on the scale of a few or single cells.
Protein assay using bicinchoninic acid.
Protein based calories are preferable to fat based calories.
Protein binding - some formaldehyde is bound to substances in the urine and surrounding tissues.
Protein binding also is reduced, especially to albumin, as mentioned in the previous section.
Protein binding is independent of total drug concentrations.
Protein binding is low.
Protein binding is more important for basic drugs and pKa for acidic drugs.
Protein binding substantially affects pharmacokinetics and cell toxicity in many organs.
Protein breaks down into to simpler compounds called amino acids.
Protein breaks down into urea, a waste product in the urine.
Protein builds and repairs body tissue and helps form germ- fighting antibodies.
Protein builds and repairs body tissue.
Protein builds and repairs muscle tissue.
Protein builds and repairs muscles, builds and repairs skin and other cells.
Protein builds and repairs muscles, ligaments, tendons and other body tissues.
Protein builds muscle mass.
Protein builds muscle, organ, and all body tissue.
Protein builds muscles.
Protein builds new cells.
Protein builds strong muscles and blood.
Protein builds strong muscles.
Protein builds tissue and cells in the body .
Protein builds tissue and cells in the body.
Protein builds tissue.
Protein builds, maintains and repairs body tissue.
Protein can add up quickly.
Protein can also be a cause for concern especially among vegetarians who avoid milk and eggs.
Protein can also supply the body with energy during starvation or intense exercise.
Protein can come from both animals and plants.
Protein can come from eggs, meat, fish, poultry, nuts, legumes, and dairy products.
Protein can have either structural or functional roles in biological systems.
Protein can promote excess prolactin secretion.
Protein can safely fluctuate from day to day.
Protein can trigger the release of energizing brain chemicals that help fight a late-morning slump.
Protein coagulates when it is heated.
Protein comes from a variety of sources, including nuts, cheese and fish.
Protein comes from both animal and plant material, and varies in digestibility.
Protein comes in different forms.
Protein comes mostly from meat.
Protein consists as a chain of amino acids linked together.
Protein consists of carbon, hydrogen, oxygen, and nitrogen.
Protein consumed is utilized by the body based upon the source of the protein.
Protein contains nitrogen, carbon, hydrogen, oxygen and usually sulfur.
Protein contains sulfur, but very little phosphorus.
Protein contains sulfur, which our livers turn into sulfuric acid.
Protein continues to be inserted until it reaches the hydrophobic stop signal sequence.
Protein digests more slowly.
Protein drives development of the testes.
Protein encourages bacterial growth, acids slow it down.
Protein feeds brain cells and protein isn t found in potato chips and cola.
Protein fold irregularities that hinder sequence analysis.
Protein fold recognition at the secondary structure level.
Protein fold recognition by mapping predicted secondary structures.
Protein fold recognition by optimal protein sequence threading.
Protein fold recognition by prediction-based threading.
Protein fold recognition by sequence threading - tools and assessment techniques.
Protein fold recognition using sequence-derived predictions.
Protein fold recognition.
Protein folding Even studies on folding pathways are possible for proteins.
Protein folding studies on lysozyme and membrane proteins are also underway.
Protein folds - towards understanding folding from inspection of native structures.
Protein folds consist of three-dimensional angles.
Protein folds in the worm genome.
Protein forms a major part of our structure.
Protein forms the building blocks of muscles, blood, skin, hair, nails and internal tissues.
Protein forms the building blocks of the body.
Protein forms the collagen woven framework, which gets mineralized into bone formation.
Protein gets a negative weight in Fluid Merit.
Protein gives the body structure, shape and definition.
Protein gives the country genre a much more tolerable sound.
Protein gradually elevates and sustains blood sugar, essential physically but also mentally.
Protein has a greater metabolic boost than fat or carbohydrates.
Protein has four calories of energy per gram.
Protein has little direct effect on blood sugar levels.
Protein has little effect on blood sugar.
Protein helps balance insulin release through production of the hormone glucagon.
Protein helps build and repair body tissue and is of paramount important to bodybuilding.
Protein helps build and repair muscles.
Protein helps build and repair new muscle fibers after a workout or exercise.
Protein helps build antibodies and helps build and repair body tissues.
Protein helps build muscle, bone, skin and blood.
Protein helps build muscles and strong bones.
Protein helps moderate swings in glucose levels.
Protein helps muscles grow and repair and it provides energy and heat.
Protein helps promote acidic urine.
Protein helps rebuild and maintain muscle mass and it aids in healing and repair of body tissues.
Protein helps replace worn-out cells.
Protein helps slow down digestion.
Protein helps speed burn healing by rebuilding collagen, a building block of skin tissue.
Protein helps sustain a high metabolism, thus increasing muscle building and calorie burning.
Protein helps the baby grow.
Protein helps the body repair tissues and fight infections.
Protein helps the fetus grow.
Protein helps the growth and healing of a body and gives energy.
Protein helps to prevent muscle loss.
Protein helps to replace losses resulting from immobility.
Protein helps with growth and repair of a body.
Protein holds water inside the blood vessels.
Protein hydrolysate formula.
Protein increases ones fluid requirements and diminishes the tolerance to cold.
Protein increases the metabolism of the drug.
Protein inhibits calcium absorption, as does smoking and heavy alcohol use.
Protein intake in our diets today is highly variable.
Protein Is A Cause Of Osteoporosis.
Protein is a chain of amino acids .
Protein is a chemical entity.
Protein is a complex chemical structure of carbon, nitrogen, hydrogen and oxygen.
Protein is a complex combination of amino acids present in living matter.
Protein is a component of skin, eyes and the brain.
Protein is a critical component to our body's functioning.
Protein is a critical nutrient in all beef cattle diets.
Protein is a critical nutrient in the dairy ration.
Protein is a database of protein sequences in fasta format -pfam pfam hmm library.
Protein is a directory of HMMs with a file called HMMs in it indicating which HMMs there.
Protein is a durable nutrient, yet quite fragile at the same time.
Protein is a good topic, thanks nicfamhcv.
Protein is a key essential element for muscle growth and recovery.
Protein is a key nutrient in building muscle.
Protein is a longer lasting energy source.
Protein is a major issue in bison diets as it is usually the most expensive nutrient after minerals.
Protein is a major pimple-fighter.
Protein is a minor fraction of minimum health requirements.
Protein is a natural polymer formed from molecules called amino acids .
Protein is a necessary component of muscle building and the natural repair system of the body.
Protein is a nutrient needed by the human body for growth and maintenance.
Protein is a nutrient that provides the framework for all living cells.
Protein is a part of every body cell and is needed to repair body cells as they wear out.
Protein is a polypeptide.
Protein is a poor source of immediate energy, and it contributes to dehydration.
Protein is a source of essential amino acids which are vital for normal growth.
Protein is a tough one.
Protein is a very important macro-nutrient, one which is often neglected and misunderstood.
Protein is a very stable energy source.
Protein is a volatile fuel - our bodies use it right away, and then, it's gone.
Protein is absolutely essential for healthy brain tissue and even our hair, skin and nails.
Protein is absolutely essential for healthy brain tissue as well as our hair, skin and nails.
Protein is absolutely necessary for life and growth.
Protein is absorbed as amino acids in the lower duodenum and the jejunum.
Protein is abundant in a wide range of foods, particularly in foods of animal origin.
Protein is abundant in nearly all of the foods people eat.
Protein is actually a double-edged sword.
Protein is added through hunting.
Protein is also a building block for our muscles, bones, cartilage, skin, hair, and blood.
Protein is also a necessary component of hormones, enzymes and hemoglobin.
Protein is also critical to the reproductive cycle.
Protein is also helpful in a balanced diet.
Protein is also important as an aid for the body in preventing infection.
Protein is also important because it's the basic food for cells, and so for a beings growth.
Protein is also important for building enzymes and hormones that the body needs.
Protein is also important for growth and development during childhood, adolescence, and pregnancy.
Protein is also important for growth, as well as lactation and improved digestion.
Protein is also important in calcium balance.
Protein is also important, but most people get more than enough protein in an average diet.
Protein is also one of the most important element for the health of the body.
Protein is also present in dairy products.
Protein is also somewhat similar to rhodopsin of the eye.
Protein is amply available through split peas, daal, whole wheat, etc.
Protein is amply available through split peas, dal, whole wheat, etc.
Protein is an essential building block of the body.
Protein is an essential component of our diets.
Protein is an essential component of the body.
Protein is an essential nutrient and carries out many important functions in the body.
Protein is an essential nutrient composed of amino acids.
Protein is an essential nutrient in any healthy diet.
Protein is an essential nutrient, so potential applications cover a broad range.
Protein is an essential part of nutrition, and second only to water in the body s composition.
Protein is an expensive source of calories compared to carbohydrates.
Protein is an important bodybuilding food.
Protein is an important building block of bones, muscles, cartilage, skin , and blood .
Protein is an important building block of bones, muscles, cartilage, skin, and blood.
Protein is an important building block that helps build muscle.
Protein is an important element in a healthy diet.
Protein is an important nutrient and the most abundant solid material in meat.
Protein is an important nutrient for garden birds throughout the year.
Protein is an important nutrient, especially when the body is in a disease state.
Protein is an important nutrient, essential for the growth and repair of body cells.
Protein is an important part of an athlete's diet - it helps heal injuries to muscles and bones.
Protein is an important part of everyone s diet especially the sports person.
Protein is an important part of our diet.
Protein is an important part of wellness and nutrition.
Protein is an important quality factor in wheat.
Protein is available in all foods other than refined white sugar.
Protein is both an energy source an a source of amino acids.
Protein is broken down by the liver and kidneys.
Protein is broken down in the gut and absorbed into the blood stream as ammonia.
Protein is built up of amino acids.
Protein is burned up as calories in exercise.
Protein is calculated, assuming nitrogen as fixed percentage of total body protein.
Protein is composed of amino acid building blocks and is important in building and repairing muscle.
Protein is composed of amino acids and serve as the body's workhorses.
Protein is composed of amino acids, which, when digested, increase the blood's acidity.
Protein is composed of amino acids.
Protein is composed of chains of amino acids.
Protein is composed of molecules called amino acids .
Protein is composed of several fractions which vary in their solubility in the rumen.
Protein is comprised of twenty-two amino acids that maintain and protect the body.
Protein is crucial for good health.
Protein is crucial for growth and development.
Protein is crucial to muscle recovery and burning off fat.
Protein is currently the component of whey that produces the greatest value.
Protein is derived from animals and animal by-products.
Protein is derived from arthropods.
Protein is designed to absorb fast.
Protein is different from gelatine.
Protein is difficult to digest.
Protein is discussed.
Protein is dispensed simultaneously.
Protein is divided into that which is undegradable and degradable in the rumen.
Protein is easy to find on a vegetarian diet.
Protein is equally important as the builder of muscle and provider of necessary vitamins.
Protein is especially important for muscle gains.
Protein is essential for building and maintaining body tissues.
Protein is essential for growth and development.
Protein is essential for life.
Protein is essential for muscle formation, without it they break down.
Protein is essential for muscle growth and maintenance.
Protein is essential for muscle growth and post-workout repair.
Protein is essential for normal cellular growth, repair and maintenance.
Protein is essential in the diet of a healthy individual.
Protein is essential in the whitetails' diet.
Protein is essential to build and maintain strong muscles.
Protein is essential to build, maintain and repair the body s tissue.
Protein is essential to building lean muscle tissue, a key factor in superior athletic performance.
Protein is essential to promote good health.
Protein is essential to the human body for growth and repair of tissue.
Protein is essential when dieting or working out.
Protein is estimated based upon the amount of bound nitrogen in the sample.
Protein is everything.
Protein is expensive.
Protein is extremely important for a strong immune system and tissue repair.
Protein is extremely important for the growth and repair of muscle tissue.
Protein is found in a wide variety of foods.
Protein is found in all green leafy vegetables and, in fact, in all living plants.
Protein is found in animal and non-animal foods.
Protein is found in beans, nuts, cheese, soya, tofu, eggs and seeds.
Protein is found in beef, as well as the minerals iron, zinc, and phosphorus.
Protein is found in breast milk.
Protein is found in food, and is most highly concentrated in animal sources than other sources.
Protein is found in foods such as beef, poultry, pork, fish, cheese and eggs.
Protein is found in lots of different foods.
Protein is found in many foods such as meat, fish, poultry, and eggs.
Protein is found in meat, chicken, fish, eggs, some cheese, dried beans, tofu', grains and nuts.
Protein is found in meat, dairy products and beans.
Protein is found in meat, eggs, and beans.
Protein is found in meat, fish, liver, poultry, eggs, milk and soybeans.
Protein is found in meat, fish, poultry, dairy, dried peas and beans.
Protein is found in meat, poultry, fish, dairy products, beans and some vegetables.
Protein is found in most plant foods as well as in animal foods.
Protein is found in poultry, fish, dairy, eggs, beans and some vegetables.
Protein is found in practically every food.
Protein is found in the urine along with white blood cells .
Protein is found mostly in meats and dairy products.
Protein is frequently the key limiting nutrient.
Protein is given in amounts to help promote growth.
Protein is given to sheep the most when production is high.
Protein is great.
Protein is high in phosphorus and can be a cause of loss of calcium from the bone.
Protein is highly antigenic.
Protein is important at every meal, especially for the iron that it usually provides.
Protein is important because it plays an essential role in protecting the body.
Protein is important but in moderate amounts.
Protein is important economically for total ration formulation.
Protein is important for all animals.
Protein is important for growth and development.
Protein is important for healthy hair.
Protein is important for muscle growth and to repair body tissues.
Protein is important for stamina.
Protein is important in a healthy diet.
Protein is important in building, maintaining, and repairing body tissues.
Protein is important to the organs, muscles, nervous system, blood vessels and skeleton.
Protein is important unless renal disease is present.
Protein is important, too.
Protein is important.
Protein is in all animal foods and some plant foods, but in smaller amounts.
Protein is in all animal foods.
Protein is in all foods except fruits and fats such as oil and margarines.
Protein is in and newer bars are packing plenty of it.
Protein is Incompressible.
Protein is key.
Protein is known to satisfy hunger the best, followed by carbohydrate and fat.
Protein is less effective than carbohydrates at being burned for energy.
Protein is limited, since excessive intake can damage the kidneys.
Protein is listed in grams.
Protein is made of amino acids.
Protein is made of small building units called amino acids.
Protein is made of strings of amino acids like uneven pearls.
Protein is made up of a combination of basic units called amino acids.
Protein is made up of a long chain of amino acids.
Protein is made up of amino acids of which lysine is the first limiting amino acid.
Protein is made up of amino acids that have the elements carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen and oxygen.
Protein is made up of amino acids which are composed of carbon, hydrogen, oxygen and nitrogen.
Protein is made up of amino acids, the building blocks of the entire body.
Protein is made up of amino acids, which contain carbon, oxygen, hydrogen and nitrogen.
Protein is made up of amino acids.
Protein is made up of building blocks called amino acids.
Protein is made up of essential and non - essential amino acids.
Protein is made up of hydrogen, carbon, oxygen and nitrogen and sometimes phosphorus and sulfur.
Protein is made up of protein building blocks called amino acids.
Protein is made up of strings of amino acids all joined together.
Protein is made when long, linear chains of amino acids fold into precise shapes.
Protein is meant to drive calf growth.
Protein is metabolized by the liver and excreted by the kidneys into the urine.
Protein is metabolized in the liver, then excreted to the kidneys for disposal in the urine.
Protein is necessary for development of all new cells.
Protein is necessary for egg and brood development, while proteins are used for energy storage.
Protein is necessary for growth and development.
Protein is necessary for growth and maintenance of body structures.
Protein is necessary for growth and repair.
Protein is necessary for growth, so it s extremely important that protein intake doesn t fall short.
Protein is necessary for many body systems, including the development of muscles.
Protein is necessary for optimal growth.
Protein is necessary for proper immune system function.
Protein is necessary for reducing the risk of iron deficiency anemia and to improve healing.
Protein is necessary for tissue building and repair.
Protein is necessary to supply essential amino acids used by the body to build muscle tissue.
Protein is needed by young children to grow and develop.
Protein is needed for body repair of muscles, tissue, brain, heart and other body organs.
Protein is needed for building cells .
Protein is needed for building cells.
Protein is needed for cells to be able to carry out their required functions.
Protein is needed for energy during all exercise tasks including endurance.
Protein is needed for growth and maintenance of body tissues.
Protein is needed for growth and repair of every cell in the body.
Protein is needed for growth and to help the body repair itself.
Protein is needed for growth, maintenance and repair of all body tissues.
Protein is needed for growth, muscle development, healthy immunity and wound healing.
Protein is needed for hair growth.
Protein is needed for normal body maintenance and growth, reproduction, lactation and antler growth.
Protein is needed for repair and maintenance of blood and body tissues, including liver tissue.
Protein is needed for the structure, function, and regulation of the body.
Protein is needed in the diet for muscle and tissue growth and repair.
Protein is needed to build muscle and, to a lesser extent, as a fuel source.
Protein is needed to build muscle, cells, and organs in the body.
Protein is needed to build muscle.
Protein is needed to build muscles and tissue and provide energy.
Protein is needed to fight infection and to heal damaged liver cells.
Protein is needed to help the muscles recover.
Protein is needed to maintain healthy cells and to help build resistance to infection.
Protein is needed to maintain the tissues in the body.
Protein is needed to rebuild muscle and other protein-based tissues.
Protein is obtained from animals.
Protein is obtained primarily by eating meat, but there are many other sources.
Protein is obviously important for building muscle.
Protein is often the major limiting nutrient in a sheep diet.
Protein is OK, but for stamina, think carbohydrates.
Protein is one of six classes of essential nutrients.
Protein is one of the easiest nutrients to get.
Protein is one of the main building blocks of the body.
Protein is one of the major nutrient components of a well-balanced diet.
Protein is one of the most expensive nutrients to supplement in the diet.
Protein is one of the most fundamental nutrients for humans to live.
Protein is one of the most important considerations in planning meals during a pregnancy.
Protein is one of the most powerful influences on appetite.
Protein is one of the most widely discussed nutrients in the sports world.
Protein is one of the three major nutrients in food and an important part of a diabetes meal plan.
Protein is part of that eating regimen.
Protein is placed in a mixing device with a buffer that compresses it.
Protein is power.
Protein is produced by the microorganisms from the nitrogen in the feed.
Protein is proportionally higher in young than older leaves.
Protein is provided as a crystalline amino acid solution.
Protein is required as it helps to build and repair tissues of our body.
Protein is required for egg production.
Protein is required for growing, body repair, and maintenance.
Protein is required for milk production and reproductive tract reconditioning after calving.
Protein is required on a daily basis, but too much can be a problem.
Protein is required to build and maintain muscle.
Protein is required to help with muscle repair post exercise.
Protein is responsible for building and maintaining muscles.
Protein is rich in amino acids, which are the building block of all muscles in the body.
Protein is so important to help people feel satisfied after a meal.
Protein is sometimes present in trace amounts in normal urine.
Protein is stimulator to the endocrine system.
Protein is stored in the grain, fruit and seeds of plants.
Protein is supplied as a salt-free lyophilizate.
Protein is supplied primarily by plant sources.
Protein is the basic building block of the body.
Protein is the basic material of life.
Protein is the biggest single problem in pH testing in dairy applications.
Protein is the body's building block.
Protein is the body's main source of nitrogen, and when it breaks down, nitrogen is excreted.
Protein is the body's main source of nitrogen.
Protein is the body's most plentiful substance except for water and, possibly, fat.
Protein is the building block of animals and humans.
Protein is the ''building block'' of body tissue.
Protein is the building block of muscle tissue.
Protein is the building blocks of DNA, the basic structure of the human body.
Protein is the cornerstone of human existence.
Protein is the counter balance to the carbohydrate problem.
Protein is the essential ingredient for cell growth and repair.
Protein is the foundation of a good diet and is made up of amino acids.
Protein is the fundamental structural material of every cell in the body.
Protein is the important factor in summer weight gain.
Protein is the key food fuel in eliminating body fat.
Protein is the key to both fat loss and lean muscle gain.
Protein is the key to strong, healthy muscles and is absolutely necessary for our everyday diet.
Protein is the key.
Protein is the main building material of the body.
Protein is the main component of muscles, organs, and glands.
Protein is the main supplement provided to beef cattle in Tennessee.
Protein is the main thing in skin, organs, muscles, hair and fingernails.
Protein is the major building block for the body.
Protein is the major organic component in all body parts.
Protein is the most abundant class of all biological molecules.
Protein is the most expensive ingredient in food.
Protein is the most important part of our meals, whether to gain or lose weight.
Protein is the most powerful buffer.
Protein is the most serious loss in alfalfa due to potato leafhopper feeding.
Protein is the nutrient most responsible for cell growth and cell repair.
Protein is the nutrient that builds and repairs.
Protein is the nutrient that gets most attention in the vegetarian diet.
Protein is the nutrient that the body uses to build new tissue.
Protein is the only nutrient that can be used to build muscle.
Protein is the only nutrient that contains nitrogen.
Protein is the other major part of the endosperm.
Protein is the primary food component broken down in the stomach.
Protein is the raw material that the body uses to build lean muscle tissue.
Protein is the second of our two dietary sources of blood sugar.
Protein is the single most important ingredient in fish foods.
Protein is the source of amino aids and nitrogen in feeds.
Protein is the substance that makes up all living matter.
Protein is the toughest nutrient to digest.
Protein is then unavailable to build and repair muscle tissue.
Protein is therefore very good stuff.
Protein is used as an energy source, only in the absence of carbohydrates.
Protein is used as the building blocks of our body tissue.
Protein is used by the body for energy and the body needs more energy to fight off illness.
Protein is used by the body to build, maintain, and repair body tissues.
Protein is used to build and repair lean muscle tissue.
Protein is usually the first limiting nutrient in dormant forage.
Protein is usually the most expensive feed ingredient.
Protein is usually the most expensive part of the diet.
Protein is utilized to produce breast milk and nourish the growing baby.
Protein is very important for growing children.
Protein is very important for wild turtle's to grow.
Protein is very important in maintaining strong bones and muscles.
Protein is very important.
Protein is very little in the daily intake.
Protein is very very important.
Protein is vital to a duck's health.
Protein is vital to the development of tissues in the body among many things.
Protein is vital to the growth and development of all body tissues.
Protein is what builds all the tissues in the body from hair to muscle.
Protein is what comprises the muscles.
Protein is, of course, the nutrient that new vegetarians worry about the most.
Protein is, therefore, essential.
Protein is, without a doubt, very important.
Protein isa compound.
Protein kinase A activation of glucocorticoid-mediated signalling in the embryonic retina.
Protein kinase a activity modulates natriuretic peptide-dependent cgmp accumulation in renal cells.
Protein kinase A regulatory subunits in colon cancer.
Protein kinase dependent chloride currents in feline ventricular myocytes.
Protein kinases Many biological signals act through G proteins.
Protein leaks into the retina during diabetes.
Protein made by body to combine with foreign material thus activating the immune system.
Protein makes hair follicles stronger.
Protein makes meat.
Protein makes up most of our part of the body.
Protein migrates out of the wells instead of into the stacking gel.
Protein misfolding cyclic amplification uses sonication to generate PrPres and infectivity in vitro.
Protein needs can vary depending on the stage of liver disease.
Protein needs can vary, depending on the stage of liver disease.
Protein needs increase for intense exercisers, along with their calorie needs.
Protein needs increase when the body is stressed by injury, infection, surgery, or illness.
Protein needs increase.
Protein needs to be included in a balanced diet.
Protein needs to be measured.
Protein needs, as well as that of other nutrients, is related to energy intake.
Protein occurs in meat and milk products and is important for muscle building.
Protein only supplies the materials.
Protein performs the same functions in sedentary and physically active individuals.
Protein plays a key role in candida.
Protein plays a major role during lactation to affect quantity and quality of milk produced.
Protein plays a very versatile role in the body.
Protein plays an essential role in health.
Protein plays an important role in the regulation of bodily functions.
Protein plays varied and crucial roles in every cell of the body.
Protein predict also searches for potential transmembrane helices.
Protein produces diuresis and additional water needs to be consumed.
Protein provides building blocks for new cells, including muscle and immune cells.
Protein provides stamina by building and maintaining strong muscles.
Protein provides the body with energy.
Protein provides the growth element for body tissues.
Protein pumps in the membrane are used for active transport.
Protein quickens thinking and reactions.
Protein requires a search for casts.
Protein requires mammalian or eukaryotic post translational modifications.
Protein scaffolds b .
Protein seems to make the kidneys work harder, reducing dietary protein reduces their workload.
Protein sends out millions of targeted emails to fans interested in each band.
Protein sequences .
Protein sequences from the genome of Ca.
Protein sequences only.
Protein sequences, as simple strings of text, are generally more complex and distinguishable.
Protein skimming is essentially a perpetual backwashing filter.
Protein skimming is important in the grow out tanks because it controls phosphate.
Protein slows down digestion.
Protein strands that attach to centromere region during M-phase of cell cycle.
Protein supports normal growth and development.
Protein synthesizes enzymes, hormones and antibodies.
Protein takes a long time to digest.
Protein There are many types of protein.
Protein toxin a small poisonous molecule, produced naturally from bacteria or plants.
Protein toxins from snake venoms are currently under investigation.
Protein works the same on skin regardless of the source.
Proteins accumulate in the interstitial tissue.
Proteins act as chemical messengers, dictating every function of our cells.
Proteins act as enzymes, as well as perform many other functions in the body.
Proteins act as structural materials and as catalysts in life-giving chemical reactions.
Proteins act as templates for the synthesis of new proteins.
Proteins act in complex networks and pathways to carry out all cell activities.
Proteins act on kidneys.
Proteins actually tend to end up in a relatively limited number of families.
Proteins add body.
Proteins affect activities.
Proteins affect growth.
Proteins affect muscle growth.
Proteins affect quality.
Proteins also accelerate cell growth.
Proteins also accumulate in the root during the fall period.
Proteins also act as hormone receptors.
Proteins also are important in the building of muscle.
Proteins also contain carbon, but they are made up of molecules of amino acids.
Proteins also function as hormones and chemical transmitters within nerves.
Proteins also generate and transmit nerve impulses.
Proteins also line the fenestrations and have a negative charge.
Proteins also make up silk.
Proteins also move laterally in the lipid bilayer.
Proteins also promote satiety and helps patients in adhering to the carbohydrate allowance.
Proteins also regulate the specificity, accuracy and efficiency of the splicing process.
Proteins also serve as building materials for the growth and repair of body tissues.
Proteins also serve as carriers for nutrients in the blood such as free fatty acids.
Proteins also slow down the breakdown of carbohydrate, thus decreasing insulin secretion.
Proteins also supply energy when fed in excess of protein needs.
Proteins appear in urine.
Proteins are a certain requirement for the longer, harder, colder races.
Proteins are a fad and are highly over-advertised.
Proteins are a part of just about everything in our bodies.
Proteins are a second type of intracellular organic molecule.
Proteins are a very important part of the cell membrane.
Proteins are abundant in all organisms and are indeed fundamental to life.
Proteins are actually a chain of amino acids linked together .
Proteins are actually polypeptides, chains of more than two amino acids.
Proteins are actually the things which carry out biological function.
Proteins are also a concern for a few vegetarians on the Olympic squad.
Proteins are also a significant source of dietary energy.
Proteins are also chain molecules built up from twenty or so different types of building blocks.
Proteins are also common sources of human allergies.
Proteins are also important in maintaining the structure of cells and their organelles.
Proteins are also little machines that do work inside the cell and inside the organelles.
Proteins are also of great importance in food.
Proteins are also of interest to the pharmaceutical and infant formula markets.
Proteins are also part of enzymes, such as antibodies that help protect from diseases and viruses.
Proteins are also present in enzymes, hormones, plasma, and antibodies.
Proteins are also very large molecules.
Proteins are amino acids linked together in chains.
Proteins are among the most complex of the body chemicals.
Proteins are among the most important building blocks of our body.
Proteins are amphoteric molecules and can be separated by electrophoresis.
Proteins are an essential nutrient for heterotrophs .
Proteins are an essential part of all cells.
Proteins are an essential part of all living organisms.
Proteins are an example.
Proteins are an important part of the study of biology and genetics.
Proteins are assembled from amino acids using information encoded in genes .
Proteins are assembled on ribosomes.
Proteins are available from both plants and animals.
Proteins are based on polypeptides , which are unique sequences of amino acids .
Proteins are based on polypeptides, which are unique sequences of amino acids.
Proteins are basic constituents in all living organisms.
Proteins are believed to increase performance in terms of athletics.
Proteins are biological macromolecules containing thousands of atoms.
Proteins are biological, nanoscale machines that perform tasks essential for life.
Proteins are biology's blue-collar workers.
Proteins are body builders and they contain amino acids.
Proteins are both structural components and workers in living things.
Proteins are broken down into amino acids by peptidases.
Proteins are built up of chains of amino acids that are freed and adsorbed in the intestine.
Proteins are chains of a. sugars b.
Proteins are chains of amino acids linked together by peptide bonds.
Proteins are chains of amino acids linked together like beads on a necklace.
Proteins are chains of amino acids linked together.
Proteins are chains of amino acids that fold to form very unique structures.
Proteins are chains of amino acids that perform most of the functions of our bodies.
Proteins are chains of amino acids, and new amino acids are added to the chain within the scalp.
Proteins are chains of amino acids.
Proteins are chains of polymers that are composed of amino acids.
Proteins are chemicals that perform many different functions necessary for life.
Proteins are clearly more chemically varied.
Proteins are coils of several hundred amino acids.
Proteins are combinations of different amino acids in chains.
Proteins are complex biochemicals that serve a variety of purposes in living organisms.
Proteins are complex chemicals that are the building blocks of the body.
Proteins are complex compounds that are made up of smaller compounds called amino acids.
Proteins are complex molecules consisting of long chains of amino acids.
Proteins are complex molecules essential to the lives and health of all organisms.
Proteins are complex molecules which contain many chemically bonded amino acids.
Proteins are complex organic compounds whose basic structure is a chain of amino acids.
Proteins are complex organic compounds.
Proteins are complex polymers composed of twenty different amino acids.
Proteins are complex systems.
Proteins are components in all body tissues and are used in growth and repair.
Proteins are composed of chains of amino acids joined by pep- tidebonds.
Proteins are composed of different combinations of amino acids assembled in chain-like molecules.
Proteins are composed of one or more polypeptides.
Proteins are composed of substances called amino acids.
Proteins are constituents of all living cells and are dietary essentials.
Proteins are crucial components of muscle.
Proteins are degraded into small peptides and amino acids before absorption.
Proteins are dynamic molecules whose motions are important for folding, function and stability.
Proteins are easily available in grains and animal tissues.
Proteins are elements which do the different jobs our bodies require.
Proteins are essential components for cell growth, repair and reproduction.
Proteins are essential components of all living cells and serve many different functions.
Proteins are essential elements of all living cells.
Proteins are essential enabling components of the biotechnology revolution.
Proteins are essential for all life processes.
Proteins are essential for all.life processes.
Proteins are essential for building and maintaining muscle and keeping our brains healthy.
Proteins are essential for growth.
Proteins are essential for larval growth and egg production in the adult moth.
Proteins are essential for proper cellular metabolism and soft tissue synthesis.
Proteins are essential for repairing body tissue, reproduction, and give resistance to infection.
Proteins are essential for the constant repair and replacement of the body tissues.
Proteins are essential for the growth of bones.
Proteins are essential in our bodies.
Proteins are essential in the structure and life of protoplasm.
Proteins are essential nutrients for the human body .
Proteins are essential nutrients for the human body.
Proteins are essential to all cells .
Proteins are essential to all cells.
Proteins are essential to all life processes.
Proteins are essential to all living organism.
Proteins are essential to all living things.
Proteins are essential to build strength and body weight.
Proteins are essential to life.
Proteins are essential to the structure and enzymatic function of the cell.
Proteins are essential to the structure and function of cells.
Proteins are essential to the structure, function, and regulation of the body.
Proteins are excellent molecules for fueling cellular respiration.
Proteins are extremely large molecules with large groupings of amino acids.
Proteins are fairly large molecules, made up of strings of amino acids linked like a chain.
Proteins are fairly stable and get digested anyway.
Proteins are for building and repair.
Proteins are formed by linkages of individual amino acids.
Proteins are formed by sub units called amino acids.
Proteins are found in meat, milk, fish, eggs, soy, beans, legumes, and nuts.
Proteins are found in meat, milk, poultry, fish, cereal grains and beans.
Proteins are found in plants too.
Proteins are free to diffuse across the surface of cells.
Proteins are fundamental components of all living cells .
Proteins are fundamental elements of life.
Proteins are fundamental food components, both functionally and nutritionally.
Proteins are fundamental to all biology.
Proteins are generally large molecules containing hundreds of amino acids.
Proteins are generally much too large to be easily comprehended.
Proteins are genetically determined.
Proteins are harder to digest than carbohydrates.
Proteins are huge molecules with thousands of atoms with at least as many molecular interactions.
Proteins are huge, complex molecules whose function is heavily influenced by shape.
Proteins are important because they define a cell's work and differentiate one cell from another.
Proteins are important biological macromolecules present in all organisms .
Proteins are important biological macromolecules present in all organisms.
Proteins are important chemicals in cells.
Proteins are important components of all cells.
Proteins are important constituents of all cells and tissues.
Proteins are important enough.
Proteins are important for building and repairing muscles.
Proteins are important for muscle and bone growth.
Proteins are important in growth, and muscle development.
Proteins are important in the proper and efficient functioning of sight, hearing, and other senses.
Proteins are important molecules that carry out nearly all biological functions.
Proteins are important.
Proteins are in fact ready made nanomachines.
Proteins are in many ways the 'workhorses' of the cell.
Proteins are key components in enzymes, antibodies, and hormones.
Proteins are key components of our bodies.
Proteins are key elements of gene networks.
Proteins are large and complex molecules made of smaller pieces called amino acids .
Proteins are large and complex molecules made of smaller pieces called amino acids.
Proteins are large molecules built up of small subunits called amino acids .
Proteins are large molecules containing hundreds of amino acids.
Proteins are large molecules made from the linking together of specific sequences of amino acids.
Proteins are large molecules that contain carbon, hydrogen, oxygen, nitrogen, and sometimes sulfur.
Proteins are large molecules that determine a cell's structure and function.
Proteins are large molecules which are built from a repertoire of twenty amino acids.
Proteins are large molecules which can be difficult to synthesize.
Proteins are large molecules.
Proteins are large organic cmpds made of amino acids arranged in a linear chain.
Proteins are large organic molecules of amazing compositional and conformational diversity.
Proteins are large polymers of amino acids.
Proteins are large polypeptides.
Proteins are large, complex molecules made of long chains of amino acids .
Proteins are large, complex molecules made up of long chains of subunits called amino acids .
Proteins are large, complex molecules made up of long chains of subunits called amino acids.
Proteins are large, complex molecules made up of smaller subunits called amino acids.
Proteins are large, complex molecules made up of smaller units called amino acids.
Proteins are large, complex substances that are building blocks of living substances.
Proteins are large, complex, nitrogenous compounds built of chains of amino acids.
Proteins are like strings of beads wound into bundles.
Proteins are linear heteropolymers of fixed length.
Proteins are literally body builders, and it's important to get a sufficient amount.
Proteins are located in mammals.
Proteins are long chain molecules of amino acids with a backbone of covalently bonded atoms.
Proteins are long chained amino acid assigned in a specific order.
Proteins are long chains of amino acids folded into three dimensional shapes.
Proteins are long chains of amino acids held together by peptide bonds.
Proteins are long chains of amino acids that fold into compact yet flexible shapes.
Proteins are long chains of smaller molecules called amino acids, linked together.
Proteins are long strands of amino acids joined together.
Proteins are long, complex polypeptides.
Proteins are long, folded chainlike molecules made up of building blocks called amino acids.
Proteins are macromolecules.
Proteins are made at the ribosomes.
Proteins are made by tiny machines in the cell called ribosomes .
Proteins are made by tiny machines in the cell called ribosomes.
Proteins are made from 'amino acids'.
Proteins are made in the cytoplasm on small organelles called .
Proteins are made inside of ribosomes.
Proteins are made of a chain of dehydrated amino acids.
Proteins are made of amino acids arranged in a linear chain joined together by peptide bonds .
Proteins are made of amino acids, small units necessary for growth and tissue repair.
Proteins are made of amino acids, they are the structure of the organism.
Proteins are made of subunits called amino acids, which are nitrogen containing compounds.
Proteins are made on ribosomes.
Proteins are made on the ribosomes in the cytoplasm.
Proteins are made out of amino acids.
Proteins are made out of smaller polypeptides , which are formed of amino acids .
Proteins are made out of smaller polypeptides, which are formed of amino acids.
Proteins are made up of amino acids which are the building blocks of life.
Proteins are made up of amino acids.
Proteins are made up of chains of amino acids.
Proteins are made up of long chains of amino acids.
Proteins are made up of small units called amino acids.
Proteins are made up of smaller building blocks called amino acids.
Proteins are molecules that fold and twist into many physical conformations.
Proteins are molecules which serve biological functions.
Proteins are more complex, and make for more potent antigens, than carbohydrates.
Proteins are much more complicated than nucleic acids.
Proteins are natural adhesives, developed over millions of years.
Proteins are natural targets for interventions in the treatment of disease.
Proteins are naturally dry and chewy when cooked by methods other than boiling or slow roasting.
Proteins are nature-made nanomachines central to all areas of life.
Proteins are nature's smallest machines.
Proteins are necessary for growth and repair.
Proteins are necessary for maintaining tissues and for sustaining growth.
Proteins are necessary for the growth and repair of the body's muscles, cells and tissues.
Proteins are necessary for the healthy functioning of all cells.
Proteins are necessary to maintain and repair the body condition.
Proteins are needed for tissue growth and repair.
Proteins are never deficient in an adequate caloric diet.
Proteins are next to be used up, followed by carbohydrates.
Proteins are nitrogenous substances that are the building blocks of life.
Proteins are nutrients in the form of amino acids and are requird for healthy cell building.
Proteins are nutrients that contain nitrogen as well as carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen.
Proteins are nutrients that the body uses for growth and the repair of cells.
Proteins are nutrients.
Proteins are often large, complex molecules.
Proteins are one of many naturally occuring polymers .
Proteins are one of the main building blocks in living things .
Proteins are one of the major categories of both the structure and the chemistry of living things.
Proteins are one of the major constituents of plant and animal cells.
Proteins are one of the major targets of oxygen-free radicals and other reactive species.
Proteins are organic compounds composed of carbon, hydrogen, oxygen, and nitrogen.
Proteins are organic compounds that consist of amino acids joined by peptide bonds .
Proteins are organic compounds that consists of the amino acids joined by peptide bonds.
Proteins are organic matter.
Proteins are organic molecules found in large quantities in most living systems.
Proteins are our chief dietary source of nitrogen.
Proteins are part of human diets.
Proteins are particularly important buffers in interstitial fluid.
Proteins are passed across the apical membrane into the lumen via exocytosis.
Proteins are peptides.
Proteins are polymer chains made of amino acids linked together by peptide bonds .
Proteins are polymers composed of amino acids.
Proteins are polymers containing a backbone or main chain of repeating units the peptides.
Proteins are polymers made up of amino acids.
Proteins are polymers of amino acid with unique structure and function.
Proteins are polymers of amino acids, while nucleic acids are polymers of nucleotides.
Proteins are polymers of amino acids.
Proteins are polymers of sugars.
Proteins are polymers that are composed of a linear sequence of amino acids.
Proteins are polymers, that is, long strings of individual amino acids.
Proteins are polymers.
Proteins are polypeptides consisting of many amino acids.
Proteins are polypeptides of amino acids required for building of body tissues.
Proteins are polypeptides of greatly divergent length.
Proteins are polypeptides.
Proteins are present either as structural elements or enzymes in wall synthesis.
Proteins are present in all protoplasm and are characterized by the element nitrogen.
Proteins are present in every living cell and form an essential constituent of cells.
Proteins are present in every living cell on the planet.
Proteins are present in small quantities in nearly every type of food.
Proteins are present on the surface of cancer cells which bind hormones.
Proteins are prevented from folding in the cytoplasm.
Proteins are prior-digested with trypsin to give peptides.
Proteins are produced by glands.
Proteins are produced by live organisms.
Proteins are produced by organisms.
Proteins are produced by pituitary glands.
Proteins are proteins.
Proteins are responsible for carrying out all the cellular work.
Proteins are responsible for every chemical reaction essential for life.
Proteins are responsible for every chemical reaction essential to life.
Proteins are responsible for many activities at the cellular level.
Proteins are responsible for mediating the effects of retinoic acid on gene transcription.
Proteins are responsible for the growth and repair of the body itself.
Proteins are responsible for the selectivity of membrane transport .
Proteins are responsible for unwinding, copying, and rewinding DNA strands during replication.
Proteins are sensitive markers of early onset of disease, and of obvious importance to diagnosis.
Proteins are simple, straight, small molecules.
Proteins are sometimes coats of a virus.
Proteins are still a major research challenge.
Proteins are strings that fold into complex shapes.
Proteins are strings with an alphabet of twenty amino acids.
Proteins are strong - like building blocks.
Proteins are substances made from combinations of amino acids.
Proteins are substances made up of amino acids.
Proteins are synthesised according to a DNA code.
Proteins are the action superheroes of the body.
Proteins are the basic building blocks of all cells.
Proteins are the basic building blocks of the human body.
Proteins are the basic component of all animal and vegetable tissues.
Proteins are the basic material of all living cells.
Proteins are the basis for wool, silk and other animal-derived filaments.
Proteins are the basis of how biology gets things done.
Proteins are the biological building blocks for actions in an organism.
Proteins are the biological molecules that give living cells their diverse forms and functions.
Proteins are the body's building blocks.
Proteins are the body's primary component and the basis of all enzyme reactions.
Proteins are the building blocks for all body parts, including muscles, bones, hair, and nails.
Proteins are the building blocks of human life, essential for normal growth.
Proteins are the building blocks of life.
Proteins are the building blocks of living cells and control many vital biochemical processes.
Proteins are the building blocks of living cells.
Proteins are the building blocks of muscle tissue.
Proteins are the building blocks of the body, and are needed for both growth and maintenance.
Proteins are the building blocks of the body.
Proteins are the cellular machinery.
Proteins are the chemical building blocks of living materials.
Proteins are the chemical compounds of amino acids, which regulate much of the body's functioning.
Proteins are the cogs and gears of bacteria.
Proteins are the common material of tendons, muscles, enzymes, etc.
Proteins are the complicated mixtures of amino acids that regulate many of the body's functions.
Proteins are the core structure of living cells.
Proteins are the essence of life.
Proteins are the essential components of all organs and chemical activities in the body.
Proteins are the expression of the genetic information carried in genes.
Proteins are the functional molecules in our cells.
Proteins are the gene products that carry out specific functions in a cell.
Proteins are the hardest to digest.
Proteins are the key to the complexities of human physiology.
Proteins are the last class of nutrients.
Proteins are the 'machinery' of a cell.
Proteins are the macromolecules that preform almost all of the cell's work.
Proteins are the main building blocks of the human body.
Proteins are the main molecules for energy transduction and signal sensing in living systems.
Proteins are the major building block out of which our body is made.
Proteins are the major components of body tissue that are needed for growth and repair.
Proteins are the major macromolecule component of tissues.
Proteins are the major operational polymers.
Proteins are the mediators of all biological functions.
Proteins are the missing link between the genetic code and the disease process.
Proteins are the molecular machines that carry out genetic instructions.
Proteins are the molecules that carry out all of the work of the cell.
Proteins are the molecules that carry out most cellular functions.
Proteins are the molecules that perform all the functions of cells and living organisms.
Proteins are the most abundant buffers in the body.
Proteins are the most abundant polymeric components in living cells.
Proteins are the most diverseassemblage of biological compounds.
Proteins are the most important components of wheat grains, governing end-use quality.
Proteins are the most numerous of chain molecules.
Proteins are the most reactive molecules in food allergic disease.
Proteins are the next level up from genes.
Proteins are the nitrogen-containing key components of all living organisms.
Proteins are the nutrients needed for tissue growth and repair.
Proteins are the only substances digested in the stomach.
Proteins are the primary functional units of every cell.
Proteins are the primary mechanism for moving all but lipid soluble compounds across the membrane.
Proteins are the product of genes and also the structural stuff of cells and tissues.
Proteins are the second-most abundant substances in the body, next to water.
Proteins are the targets of rational drug design.
Proteins are the work force.
Proteins are the work horses of cells.
Proteins are the worker molecules in every living thing.
Proteins are the workhorses for the cell.
Proteins are the workhorses of biological life.
Proteins are the workhorses of the cell, but they are easily rendered useless.
Proteins are the workhorses of the cells, the molecules that conduct the business of life.
Proteins are thus polymer chains of amino acids bonded by peptides.
Proteins are to genes as buildings are to blueprints.
Proteins are too large to be absorbed into the bloodstream.
Proteins are truly remarkable molecules.
Proteins are ubiquitous and show diverse shapes, sizes, and functions.
Proteins are ubiquitous bio-polymers with a huge range of very different functions.
Proteins are used to repair the body.
Proteins are vastly more complicated than previously realized .
Proteins are very complex and versitile macromolecules.
Proteins are very crucial in the prevention of marasmus and kwashiorkor in Children.
Proteins are vital for lean muscle and bone growth.
Proteins are vital for the development and survival of any living organism.
Proteins are vital molecules that control all sorts of processes in our body.
Proteins are wadded-up strands made from beads of amino acid.
Proteins are what get things done.
Proteins are, most importantly here, crucial for the process of photosynthesis.
Proteins attach to the centromeres creating the kinetochores.
Proteins become blood.
Proteins become drier and tougher.
Proteins become food.
Proteins begin chemical digestion in the stomach.
Proteins begin in the cells as one-dimensional strings.
Proteins begin to bind almost randomly with other proteins.
Proteins being studied include insulin, endothelin, and vascular endothelial growth factor.
Proteins bind oxygen.
Proteins bind proteins.
Proteins bind to host cell receptors.
Proteins bind to receptors.
Proteins bind to specific regions of DNA to inhibit expression of one or more genes.
Proteins bind to the resin via electrostatic interactions.
Proteins boost resistance.
Proteins bound to the DNA produce an even larger deflection.
Proteins branch out in all directions from a common center.
Proteins break into amino acids.
Proteins break into smaller fragments, influenced by hydrochloric acid and pepsin in the stomach.
Proteins build and maintain tissue and are also important in resistance to disease.
Proteins build and repair body tissue help fight off infections.
Proteins build body with moisture and conditioning.
Proteins build muscle and provide the necessary amino acids for metabolic functions.
Proteins build muscle, but consumed in large amounts is hard on the kidneys.
Proteins build tissues and carry out a number of critical functions in the body.
Proteins can affect alertness, attention, concentration and ability to learn.
Proteins can also act as enzymes , which transform certain chemical compounds into other compounds.
Proteins can also become modified or blocked during electrophoretic separation.
Proteins can also bind to, or even be integrated into, cell membranes.
Proteins can also serve as a source of energy.
Proteins can assemble in groups to build larger structures.
Proteins can attach a variety of chemical tags to histones.
Proteins can be negatively or positively charged or neutral.
Proteins can be tens of nanometers across.
Proteins can bind to other proteins as well as to small-molecule substrates.
Proteins can change their environments, but they have no mechanism for reproduction.
Proteins can differ in both the number and order of amino acids.
Proteins can exist in more than one conformation.
Proteins can have adverse effects.
Proteins can have effects.
Proteins can have irreversible effects.
Proteins can have stimulate effects.
Proteins can modulate the properties of ligands to which they bind.
Proteins can pass through both mito.
Proteins can passively allow molecules to move through a channel, or simple hole, in the protein.
Proteins can repair a damaged coat by helping to rebuild the cuticle of the hair shaft.
Proteins can serve a wide variety of functions through their ability to bind to other molecules.
Proteins carry irons.
Proteins carry out most of the chemical activity in cells.
Proteins carry out the activities of cells, and making proteins is what genes mostly do.
Proteins carry out the vast majority of functions in the body.
Proteins carry out virtually all of life s essential functions through chemical reactions.
Proteins catalyze the activity of life.
Proteins cause latex allergies.
Proteins circulate in blood.
Proteins circulate in the blood in inactive form.
Proteins coating the surface of each virus create a fuzzy, halo-like appearance.
Proteins combine with carbohydrates.
Proteins combine with other chemicals that cause the injured area to become inflamed.
Proteins come from foods such as fish, chicken, beef, and milk.
Proteins come from fresh meat.
Proteins come from meat.
Proteins come in many sizes and shapes, and their functions often depend on tiny structural details.
Proteins comprise a single or multiple lengthy chains of amino acid residues.
Proteins comprise the majority of the structural and functional substances that make up our bodies.
Proteins consist of a non-branched chain of amino acids , hooked end to end.
Proteins consist of a polypeptide backbone with attached side chains.
Proteins consist of a string of amino acids.
Proteins consist of amino acids in different proportions.
Proteins consist of amino acids.
Proteins consist of chains of amino acids , joined by peptide bonds .
Proteins consist of chains of amino acids.
Proteins consist of chains of hundreds or thousands of amino acids joined with peptide bonds.
Proteins consist of chains of subunits known as amino acids.
Proteins consist of long chains of amino acids, of which there are only about twenty kinds.
Proteins consist of long chains of units known as amino-acids.
Proteins consist of nitrogen, oxygen, carbon and hydrogen.
Proteins consist of nitrogen.
Proteins consist of sequences of amino acids.
Proteins consist of very long strings of individual units called amino acids .
Proteins constitute the enzymes and many of the structural components of cells.
Proteins contain amino acids, sometimes referred to as the building blocks of protein.
Proteins contain carbohydrates.
Proteins contain carbon, hydrogen, oxygen, nitrogen and sometimes sulfur and phosphorus.
Proteins contain carbon.
Proteins contain nitrogen, which other foods lack.
Proteins contain only L-isomers of amino acids .
Proteins contain several classes of weak acid groups.
Proteins contain sulfur but no phosphorus.
Proteins containing tyrosin are turned yellow by nitric acid.
Proteins control all cellular processes in the human body.
Proteins control biochemical reactions and determine the physical structure of organisms.
Proteins control many biological processes in organisms ranging from bacteria to plants and humans.
Proteins control nearly every system in our bodies.
Proteins cross to the tubular fluid in inverse proportion to their size and negative charge.
Proteins decide how the body is made up and develops.
Proteins depend on DNA for their formation.
Proteins destroy viruses.
Proteins determine the physical and chemical characteristics of cells and therefore organisms.
Proteins differ in the number, sequence, and kinds of amino acids.
Proteins do different things depending on their shape.
Proteins do everything.
Proteins do many other things, too.
Proteins do most of the work in cells.
Proteins do most of the work of the cell in the form of enzymes.
Proteins do that, so the real race is just beginning.
Proteins do the work and communication inside a living cell.
Proteins do the work of the body, building structures and catalyzing biochemical reactions.
Proteins electrostatically bind onto a matrix bearing the opposite charge.
Proteins embedded in the membrane carry crucial signals or materials from one side to the other.
Proteins encoded by the put operon allow cells to use proline as a sole carbon or nitrogen source.
Proteins encoded by viral genomes play unique and critical roles in viral infections.
Proteins encourage development.
Proteins encourage growth.
Proteins encourage hair growth.
Proteins enter guts.
Proteins enter the nucleus through nuclear pores .
Proteins enzyme frequently perform general acid-base catalysis.
Proteins equal meat.
Proteins evolve, along with their functions, such as enzymatic activities.
Proteins exert their actions after binding to phosphorous.
Proteins exist in a world of intricate circularity.
Proteins exist in every cell and are essential to plant and animal life.
Proteins facilitate absorption.
Proteins facilitate adherence or prevent phagocytosis.
Proteins facilitate chemical reaction.
Proteins facilitate molecular reaction.
Proteins facilitate reaction.
Proteins facilitate vitamin absorption.
Proteins find in beans.
Proteins find in certain food.
Proteins find in connective tissue.
Proteins find in food.
Proteins find in legumes.
Proteins find in pet food.
Proteins find in tissue.
Proteins find in true vascular tissue.
Proteins find in vascular tissue.
Proteins float in the bilayer.
Proteins fold as quickly as a millionth of a second.
Proteins fold based on the sequence and properties of the amino acids.
Proteins fold in sequential stages, by translocation of their polypeptide into folding compartments.
Proteins fold too fast to warrant the conclusion that they sample all possible states.
Proteins form an important part in foods like milk , eggs , meat , fish , beans , and nuts .
Proteins form an important part in foods like milk, eggs, meat, fish, beans, and nuts.
Proteins form bonds.
Proteins form many structural features such as hair, hooves, and tendons.
Proteins form structural connections between cells.
Proteins function in many ways.
Proteins function in some body regulating processes and are a source of energy.
Proteins Get Their Turn - a review of Web resources on bioinformatics.
Proteins give rise to emergent properties.
Proteins give rise to unique genes.
Proteins guide the flow of electrons in photosynthesis .
Proteins have (part) atoms.
Proteins have (part) chemical chain.
Proteins have (part) chemical groups.
Proteins have a central role in cell biology.
Proteins have a large variety of functions.
Proteins have a role in all aspects of cell structure and functions.
Proteins have a value as builders of body tissue.
Proteins have a variety of functions in the living protoplasm.
Proteins have a very complex structure.
Proteins have activities.
Proteins have additive effects.
Proteins have amino acid domains.
Proteins have an extraordinary variety of functions.
Proteins have benefits.
Proteins have bonds.
Proteins have capacity.
Proteins have differences.
Proteins have domains.
Proteins have dominant effects.
Proteins have effects.
Proteins have enormous potential.
Proteins have factors.
Proteins have favorable effects.
Proteins have functions.
Proteins have half life.
Proteins have helices as well, shown as the tight yellow and brown spirals.
Proteins have hydrophobic domains.
Proteins have important biological functions and fold into complicated three-dimensional structures.
Proteins have life.
Proteins have many functions, however.
Proteins have many negative charges per molecule.
Proteins have many uses in cells, such as being used as a structural material to build cell parts.
Proteins have muscle build effects.
Proteins have potential.
Proteins have several levels of structural organization.
Proteins have shapes.
Proteins have similar functions.
Proteins have similar size.
Proteins have size.
Proteins have structure at several levels.
Proteins have sulfur bonds.
Proteins have the ability to manipulate other atoms.
Proteins have their own code, which is more complex than the genetic code.
Proteins have to be approved by the nucleus to go through the nuclear membrane.
Proteins have unique amino acid sequences as specified by genes.
Proteins have weight.
Proteins have, even now, a delivery problem.
Proteins help activities.
Proteins help cells perform their functions.
Proteins help lean muscles.
Proteins help make bone and muscle and fur, they also are responsible for turning food into energy.
Proteins help muscles.
Proteins help the cells properly organize to regenerate new tissue.
Proteins helps promote acidic urine.
Proteins hold the key.
Proteins include seafood.
Proteins indeed play crucial roles in virtually all biological processes.
Proteins induce effects.
Proteins induce immune responses.
Proteins induce responses.
Proteins influence kidneys.
Proteins inhibit cell growth.
Proteins inhibit growth.
Proteins interact with the matrix based on their molecular weight .
Proteins involve in development.
Proteins involve in gamete interaction.
Proteins involve in growth.
Proteins involve in interaction.
Proteins involved in vesicle budding and fusion are non-specific.
Proteins lacking one or more essential amino acids are incomplete proteins.
Proteins leak into the alveoli and inhibits the surfactant function.
Proteins leak out in large amounts.
Proteins lose their ability to function if their structure changes.
Proteins make cells grow larger.
Proteins make many of the structures and all the enzymes in a cell or organism .
Proteins make many of the structures and all the enzymes in a cell or organism.
Proteins make the functional machinery of life.
Proteins make up a large part of each cell in the human body.
Proteins make up a major portion of cell enzymes and mechanical structure.
Proteins make up about half of the dry weight of the bodies of living organisms.
Proteins make up much of our bodies.
Proteins manufactured inside our cells each have a specific destination within or outside the cell.
Proteins migrate to their isoelectric points where they form tight bands.
Proteins move from there to the vacuole.
Proteins need for continue growth.
Proteins need for development.
Proteins need for growth.
Proteins need for muscle growth.
Proteins need for rapid development.
Proteins need for reproduction.
Proteins need for viral reproduction.
Proteins need from food.
Proteins need from plant food.
Proteins normally are linear polypeptide chains.
Proteins normally help the body repair tissue.
Proteins occasionally take detours to off pathway species.
Proteins occupy a central position in the architecture and functioning of living matter.
Proteins occur in all animal and vegetable matter and are necessary for growth and repair.
Proteins participate in every process of a cell.
Proteins pass through guts.
Proteins pass through membranes.
Proteins perform a huge variety of roles.
Proteins perform a wide variety of activities in the cell.
Proteins perform functions.
Proteins perform numerous important functions in the body.
Proteins perform same functions.
Proteins play a big role in building the brain.
Proteins play a central role in virtually every aspect of human metabolism.
Proteins play a crucial role in virtually all the fundamental processes in the living cell.
Proteins play a vital role in the formation of structures in living organisms.
Proteins play an important role in biochemistry.
Proteins play an important role in many food systems.
Proteins play an integral role in transport through the cell membrane.
Proteins play central roles.
Proteins play critical roles.
Proteins play crucial functional roles.
Proteins play crucial roles in almost all biological processes.
Proteins play crucial roles.
Proteins play diverse roles in living things.
Proteins play functional roles.
Proteins play important roles in daily life, from providing nourishment to fighting disease.
Proteins play important roles in nearly every biological process.
Proteins play important roles.
Proteins play key roles in biological systems.
Proteins play key roles.
Proteins play large roles.
Proteins play minor roles.
Proteins play multiple roles.
Proteins play positive roles.
Proteins play roles.
Proteins play various roles.
Proteins play vital roles in daily life, from providing nourishment to fighting disease.
Proteins play vital roles in the operation of the human body.
Proteins play vital roles.
Proteins precipitate out and some other chemical modifications take place.
Proteins produced in mammalian cells are more likely to be bioactive, but the yields are much lower.
Proteins produced in plant systems are safe and offer advantages of large-scale production.
Proteins produced in plant systems are safe and offer the advantages of large-scale production.
Proteins promote chemical reaction.
Proteins promote growth and repair body tissues.
Proteins promote reaction.
Proteins provide calories.
Proteins provide cell structure and are involved in cell signaling and cell communication functions.
Proteins provide energy.
Proteins provide essential yeast nutrients and contribute to the body and head retention of beer.
Proteins provide immune protection.
Proteins provide muscle build nutrients.
Proteins provide nutrients.
Proteins provide remaining energy, only after meeting the requirements for dietary amino acids.
Proteins provide ways to moderate the body's machinery.
Proteins provides the structure of all living things.
Proteins putrefy and rot, carbohydrates ferment, and oils and fats turn rancid.
Proteins rapidly associate and dissociate with specific nuclear subcompartments.
Proteins react with other molecules in a specific way because of the manner in which they fold.
Proteins react with the inverted sugars, adding flavor, texture, and color.
Proteins recognize the shape and surface properties of other molecules.
Proteins reduce excretion.
Proteins reduce nitrogen excretion.
Proteins regulate activities.
Proteins regulate every aspect of cellular function.
Proteins regulate replication.
Proteins regulate steps.
Proteins regulate when other genes start or stop encoding proteins, which produce specific traits.
Proteins release into blood.
Proteins represent one of our three food energy sources, together with carbohydrates and fats.
Proteins require a defined three-dimensional structure to fulfill central tasks in living organisms.
Proteins require an acid treatment for their digestion.
Proteins require energy.
Proteins require for cell survival.
Proteins require for development.
Proteins require for health.
Proteins require for optimum health.
Proteins require for survival.
Proteins run our show.
Proteins seem to block a cell's access tothese genes.
Proteins serve a myriad of functions.
Proteins serve as the primary building blocks of connective tissues such as ligaments and tendons.
Proteins serve as the receptors, or true targets, for all drugs on the market today.
Proteins serve functions.
Proteins serve many important functions in plants and animals, and viruses cause diseases.
Proteins serve many purposes in the body.
Proteins serve various functions.
Proteins speed up chemical reactions.
Proteins speed up reactions by working as a biological catalyst.
Proteins stimulate activities.
Proteins store the same information more economically, using less material.
Proteins suggest form of their own database.
Proteins take instructions from genes to do much of the work inside cells.
Proteins tend to fold into the lowest energy conformation.
Proteins tend to starve yeasts and carbohydrates ultimately break down into sugars.
Proteins then provide the biochemical muscle that drives the biology of the cell.
Proteins typically fold into specific three-dimensional structures that determine their functions.
Proteins typically have very specific functions, such as proteins that act as enzymes or hormones.
Proteins undergo normal eukaryotic post-translational modifications.
Proteins undergo reaction.
Proteins use only one type of bond.
Proteins work well because they are often long, branching, stringy chains of molecules.
Proteins often remain soluble.
Proteins often taste bitter to some children undergoing treatment.
All protein is a combination of building blocks called amino acids.
ALL proteins are antigens.
All proteins are chains of smaller molecules, called amino acids.
All proteins are composed of amino acids.
All proteins are enzymes.
All proteins are nothing more than groups of amino acids.
All proteins are polypeptides of a defined sequence of amino acids.
All proteins are various compositions of twenty specific naturally occurring amino acids.
All proteins are very complicated molecules.
All proteins contain carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen and oxygen and some contain sulfur.
All proteins contain carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, and oxygen.
All proteins contain carbon, hydrogen, oxygen and nitrogen and most contain sulphur.
All proteins contain carbon, hydrogen, oxygen and nitrogen.
All proteins contain nitrogen.
All proteins denature to some extent at the air-water interface of the drop on the grid.
All proteins have the secondary structure called an alpha helix.
All proteins possess three levels of structure.
Every protein has a few non-standard bonds.
Every protein has a particular function.
Every protein has a unique amino acid sequence.
Every protein is a translated gene.
Every protein is comprised of a unique sequence of amino acids.
Every protein is made up of a chain of building blocks called amino acids.
Every protein is made up of smaller chemicals called amino acids.
Many proteins act by interacting with other proteins.
Many proteins are enzymes that catalyse biochemical reactions and are vital to metabolism .
Many proteins are enzymes that catalyze the chemical reactions in metabolism.
Many proteins are enzymes, which catalyze and regulate chemical reactions within organisms.
Many proteins are involved in the process of cell signaling and signal transduction .
Many proteins are modular.
Many proteins bind to specific sites in the genome to regulate genome expression and maintenance.
Many proteins can bind to more than one ligand.
Many proteins can undergo change their shape between two alternative stable and functional forms.
Many proteins contain only one type of subunit.
Many proteins contain signal peptides at the beginning which are cleaved off afterwards.
Many proteins contain signal sequences that facilitate their sorting within the cell.
Many proteins contain sulfur.
Many proteins find their targets and stick regardless of the soup they are floating in.
Many proteins have a hydrophobic core and a hydrophilic surface.
Many proteins have a specific sub-cellular localization pattern.
Many proteins have carbohydrates covalently attached to asparagine residues.
Many proteins have sheets and helices.
Many proteins play active and vital roles in ensuring normal cell function.
Many proteins possess more than one polypeptide chain.
Many proteins regulate or control biological activity.
Many proteins required since structure is complex.
Many proteins serve as enzymes.
Many proteins use a carefully designed change of shape to regulate their action.
More protein is stored in the leaves than the stem.
More protein means fewer carbos.
More protein means more calcium.
Most protein comes from grain.
Most protein is in muscles, and most fat is in fat cells.
Most proteins act on kidneys.
Most proteins affect activities.
Most proteins affect growth.
Most proteins affect muscle growth.
Most proteins affect quality.
Most proteins also have an ordered arrangement called the native state.
Most proteins appear in urine.
Most proteins are also too large to pass through the filtering system of the kidney.
Most proteins are decomposed to single amino acids by digestion in the gastro-intestinal tract.
Most proteins are globular, essentially spherical.
Most proteins are located in mammals.
Most proteins are produced by glands.
Most proteins are produced by live organisms.
Most proteins are produced by organisms.
Most proteins are produced by pituitary glands.
Most proteins are too big to go through the kidneys, so usually no protein is found in urine.
Most proteins are too large to pass through the glomeruli into the urine.
Most proteins become blood.
Most proteins become food.
Most proteins bind oxygen.
Most proteins bind to host cell receptors.
Most proteins boost resistance.
Most proteins can have adverse effects.
Most proteins can have effects.
Most proteins can have irreversible effects.
Most proteins can have stimulate effects.
Most proteins carry irons.
Most proteins circulate in blood.
Most proteins combine with carbohydrates.
Most proteins come from fresh meat.
Most proteins come from meat.
Most proteins contain alpha-helical segments in least some regions.
Most proteins contain both alpha helixes and beta sheets.
Most proteins contain carbohydrates.
Most proteins contain carbon.
Most proteins destroy viruses.
Most proteins encourage development.
Most proteins encourage growth.
Most proteins encourage hair growth.
Most proteins enter guts.
Most proteins facilitate absorption.
Most proteins facilitate chemical reaction.
Most proteins facilitate molecular reaction.
Most proteins facilitate reaction.
Most proteins facilitate vitamin absorption.
Most proteins find in beans.
Most proteins find in certain food.
Most proteins find in connective tissue.
Most proteins find in food.
Most proteins find in legumes.
Most proteins find in pet food.
Most proteins find in tissue.
Most proteins find in true vascular tissue.
Most proteins find in vascular tissue.
Most proteins have a single destination.
Most proteins have activities.
Most proteins have additive effects.
Most proteins have amino acid domains.
Most proteins have benefits.
Most proteins have bonds.
Most proteins have capacity.
Most proteins have differences.
Most proteins have domains.
Most proteins have dominant effects.
Most proteins have effects.
Most proteins have enormous potential.
Most proteins have factors.
Most proteins have favorable effects.
Most proteins have functions.
Most proteins have half life.
Most proteins have hydrophobic domains.
Most proteins have life.
Most proteins have muscle build effects.
Most proteins have no trouble folding quickly and efficiently to their native state.
Most proteins have potential.
Most proteins have similar functions.
Most proteins have similar size.
Most proteins have size.
Most proteins have some of both.
Most proteins have sulfur bonds.
Most proteins have weight.
Most proteins help activities.
Most proteins help lean muscles.
Most proteins help muscles.
Most proteins induce effects.
Most proteins induce immune responses.
Most proteins induce responses.
Most proteins involve in development.
Most proteins involve in gamete interaction.
Most proteins involve in growth.
Most proteins involve in interaction.
Most proteins pass through guts.
Most proteins pass through membranes.
Most proteins perform same functions.
Most proteins play central roles.
Most proteins play critical roles.
Most proteins play crucial functional roles.
Most proteins play crucial roles.
Most proteins play functional roles.
Most proteins play important roles.
Most proteins play key roles.
Most proteins play large roles.
Most proteins play minor roles.
Most proteins play multiple roles.
Most proteins play positive roles.
Most proteins play roles.
Most proteins play various roles.
Most proteins play vital roles.
Most proteins promote chemical reaction.
Most proteins promote reaction.
Most proteins provide calories.
Most proteins provide energy.
Most proteins provide muscle build nutrients.
Most proteins provide nutrients.
Most proteins reduce excretion.
Most proteins reduce nitrogen excretion.
Most proteins regulate activities.
Most proteins regulate replication.
Most proteins regulate steps.
Most proteins release into blood.
Most proteins remain in the cytosol.
Most proteins require a number of post-production modifications before they become functional.
Most proteins require energy.
Most proteins require for cell survival.
Most proteins require for development.
Most proteins require for health.
Most proteins require for optimum health.
Most proteins require for survival.
Most proteins serve functions.
Most proteins serve various functions.
Some protein is good, but too much of it is hard on the kidneys.
Some protein is necessary, but in moderate amounts.
Some protein substitutes for red meat are chicken and turkey.
Some proteins absorb oxygen.
Some proteins accelerate biochemical reaction.
Some proteins accelerate growth.
Some proteins accelerate reaction.
Some proteins accumulate in cytoplasm.
Some proteins act as allergen.
Some proteins act as carrier molecules that carry specific molecules across the membrane.
Some proteins act as sensors.
Some proteins act like pheromone.
Some proteins activate responses.
Some proteins affect absorption.
Some proteins affect damage.
Some proteins affect expression.
Some proteins affect kidney damage.
Some proteins affect livers.
Some proteins affect magnesium absorption.
Some proteins affect trials.
Some proteins also contain iron, phosphorus, and sulfur.
Some proteins also have natural tendencies to prevent or fight disease.
Some proteins also help package DNA molecules into chromosomes.
Some proteins also incorporate phosphorous, iron, zinc and copper.
Some proteins also incorporate phosphorous, iron, zinc, and copper.
Some proteins also require sulfur.
Some proteins appear to function as a protection against cancer.
Some proteins are cottage cheese, hard boiled eggs, peanuts, monkey chow, and even dog food.
Some proteins are enzymes that catalyze most biological reactions in a living organism.
Some proteins are enzymes that interact with small molecules and promote chemical reactions.
Some proteins are filtered by glomeruluses.
Some proteins are fixed at certain points in the membrane, others are movable.
Some proteins are formed by actions.
Some proteins are free to move.
Some proteins are generated by fermentation.
Some proteins are harder to cook than others.
Some proteins are located in mice.
Some proteins are more digestible than others.
Some proteins are more important to a cell's normal function than others.
Some proteins are non-structural, eg.
Some proteins are produced by bacterium spores.
Some proteins are produced by insect viruses.
Some proteins are produced by livers.
Some proteins are produced by microbes.
Some proteins are produced by plants.
Some proteins are produced by spores.
Some proteins are produced by thyroids.
Some proteins are produced by tissue.
Some proteins are produced by types.
Some proteins are produced by viruses.
Some proteins are quite complicated assemblages of multiple common domains.
Some proteins are simply more important than others.
Some proteins are structural, in that they help to form tissue like the heart or bones.
Some proteins are structural.
Some proteins are synthesized in livers.
Some proteins are used by dogs more efficiently than others.
Some proteins are very large molecules, containing hundreds of amino acids.
Some proteins become enzymes which speed up chemical reactions.
Some proteins belong to families.
Some proteins bind to antigen.
Some proteins bind to hormones.
Some proteins bind to proteins.
Some proteins bind to specific antigen.
Some proteins can have more than one polypeptide chains.
Some proteins carry charge.
Some proteins carry negative charge.
Some proteins carry net neutral charge.
Some proteins carry oxygen.
Some proteins cause allergies.
Some proteins cause cell death.
Some proteins cause damage.
Some proteins cause death.
Some proteins cause kidney damage.
Some proteins cause reaction.
Some proteins cause soy allergies.
Some proteins circulate in bloodstreams.
Some proteins clog small intestines.
Some proteins come from beef.
Some proteins come from insects.
Some proteins come from milk.
Some proteins come from pigs.
Some proteins come from the mother, stored in the egg.
Some proteins conduct electricity.
Some proteins consist of a single polypeptide chain, such as myoglobin.
Some proteins consist of collagen.
Some proteins consist of enzymes.
Some proteins consist of myosin.
Some proteins contain all the essential amino acids and are called complete proteins.
Some proteins contain allergen.
Some proteins contain cold shock domains.
Some proteins contain distinct domains.
Some proteins contain disulfide bonds.
Some proteins contain domains.
Some proteins contain food.
Some proteins contain more than one polypeptide chain.
Some proteins contain nitrogen.
Some proteins contain percent nitrogen.
Some proteins contain pigment.
Some proteins contain sulfur.
Some proteins contain transcription activation domains.
Some proteins contribute to destruction.
Some proteins contribute to infection.
Some proteins control specific tasks.
Some proteins derive from animals.
Some proteins derive from beans.
Some proteins derive from beef.
Some proteins derive from kidney beans.
Some proteins derive from natural beef.
Some proteins derive from red beans.
Some proteins derive from red kidney beans.
Some proteins derive from soybeans.
Some proteins destroy bacteria.
Some proteins enhance capacity.
Some proteins enter vesicles.
Some proteins even light up without the addition of a dye.
Some proteins excrete in urine.
Some proteins extend through both sides of the bilayer.
Some proteins find in blood plasma.
Some proteins find in blood.
Some proteins find in cat saliva.
Some proteins find in cereal grain.
Some proteins find in extant vertebrates.
Some proteins find in fish.
Some proteins find in grain.
Some proteins find in marine fish.
Some proteins find in plants.
Some proteins find in plasma.
Some proteins find in raccoon saliva.
Some proteins find in saliva.
Some proteins find in soybeans.
Some proteins find in tuna fish.
Some proteins find in urine.
Some proteins find in vertebrates.
Some proteins fold and unfold via single-exponential kinetics.
Some proteins form structural units in the body, while other proteins are enzymes.
Some proteins have a structural role, providing mechanical support.
Some proteins have ability.
Some proteins have acid.
Some proteins have alteration.
Some proteins have amino acid.
Some proteins have carbohydrate segments attached which extend into the aqueous environment.
Some proteins have concentration.
Some proteins have essential amino acid.
Some proteins have globular heads.
Some proteins have heads.
Some proteins have heal ability.
Some proteins have low biological values.
Some proteins have more than one polypeptide chain.
Some proteins have negative charge.
Some proteins have net negative charge.
Some proteins have other organic molecules attached to their polypeptide chains.
Some proteins have residues.
Some proteins have roles.
Some proteins have structural roles.
Some proteins have values.
Some proteins have vitamins.
Some proteins help to make cellulose more rigid in the cell walls.
Some proteins increase expression.
Some proteins induce calcium excretion.
Some proteins induce excretion.
Some proteins inhibit degradations.
Some proteins inhibit matrix degradations.
Some proteins interfere with activities.
Some proteins interfere with phagocytosis.
Some proteins involve in drug resistance.
Some proteins involve in fusion.
Some proteins involve in glycolysis.
Some proteins involve in resistance.
Some proteins involve in responses.
Some proteins involve in stress responses.
Some proteins involve in synthesis.
Some proteins kill certain insects.
Some proteins kill insects.
Some proteins lead to activations.
Some proteins lead to cell disintegration.
Some proteins lead to degradations.
Some proteins lead to disintegration.
Some proteins make cells, other proteins tell the cells how to function.
Some proteins make up skin.
Some proteins mediate the interpretation of cellular signals, like hormones.
Some proteins meet requirements.
Some proteins move into intestines.
Some proteins move into small intestines.
Some proteins obtain from milk.
Some proteins participate in development.
Some proteins participate in melanocyte development.
Some proteins produce effects.
Some proteins produce heat.
Some proteins produce same effects.
Some proteins promote bone growth.
Some proteins promote cell death.
Some proteins promote cell growth.
Some proteins promote death.
Some proteins promote growth.
Some proteins promote hair growth.
Some proteins promote inflammation.
Some proteins promote synthesis.
Some proteins protect plants.
Some proteins protect rats.
Some proteins provide expensive options.
Some proteins provide options.
Some proteins regulate establishments.
Some proteins regulate immune responses.
Some proteins regulate responses.
Some proteins require for activations.
Some proteins require for reaction.
Some proteins require for reductions.
Some proteins require intake.
Some proteins resemble intricate pretzels, while others are twisted and woven into braids.
Some proteins result in reductions.
Some proteins serve as important enzymes that regulate metabolic reactions.
Some proteins show high sequence homology to known antioxidant enzymes from plants.
Some proteins show significant similarity.
Some proteins show similarity.
Some proteins span the membrane while others are found on the outside or the inside.
Some proteins stimulate immune responses.
Some proteins suppress tumor growth.
Some proteins trigger allergic reaction.
Some proteins undergo adaptive modification.
Some proteins undergo modification.
Some proteins use the helix dipole to stabilize binding of charged ligands.
Proteinase inhibitors are good candidates because they disrupt insect digestion.
A proteinase is an enzyme
Proteinases are endopeptidases which can cleave bonds in proteins.
A proteinuria is a symptom
Proteinuria also reflects an increase in net glomerular permeability.
Proteinuria associated with renal tubular disorders is generally mild.
Proteinuria can also signal other urinary tract disorders.
Proteinuria can be of many types.
Proteinuria denotes high levels of protein in the urine.
Proteinuria is a common finding in adults in primary care practice.
Proteinuria is a common laboratory finding in children.
Proteinuria is a risk factor for both kidney disease and heart disease.
Proteinuria is an abnormally high amount of protein in the urine.
Proteinuria is an early indicator.
Proteinuria is an indicator that the kidneys are damaged in some way.
Proteinuria is common because of excess synthesis and secretion of free monoclonal light chains.
Proteinuria is common.
Proteinuria is minimal or absent, and the urinary sediment is unremarkable.
Proteinuria is often an incidental finding on urine dipstick testing or urinalysis.
Proteinuria is present in the majority of dogs.
Proteinuria is the name of a medical condition.
Proteinuria is the presence of a protein in the urine and is a marker of kidney damage.
Proteinuria is the presence of abnormal amounts of protein in the urine.
Proteinuria is the spillage of larger quantities of protein.
Proteinuria is typically within the mild range.
Proteinuria is usually benign, in the form of transient or orthostatic proteinuria.
Proteinuria is usually mild or absent but occasionally can be severe.
Proteinuria is usually minimal.
Proteinuria means protein in the urine, and it is a sign of poor kidney function.
Proteinuria means the appearance of protein in the urine.
Proteinuria means the passing of proteins in the urine.
Proteinuria occurs late in the course of uncomplicated essential hypertension.
Some proteinurias are transient.
A proteolysis is a chemical action
Proteolysis also generates active peptide hormones from larger precursor polypeptides.
Proteolysis can be highly promiscuous such that a wide range of protein substrates are hydrolysed.
Proteolysis is a vigorous process during sporulation in Bacillus subtilis .
Proteolysis is irreversible, unlike most posttranslational modifications.
Proteolysis is suppressed during periods of oxidative stress.
Proteolysis is the most important event in ripening.
Proteolysis is the process that breaks down proteins.
Proteolysis refers to the cutting up or digestion of proteins.
Proteolysises are chemical processes.
Proteolytic action increases the lability of shrimp collagen toward heat induced solubilization.
Proteolytic activity is measured by release of small fluorescent peptides.
Proteolytic breakdown is limited.
Proteolytic cleavage exposes a new N-terminus that activates the receptor in an intramolecular mode.
A proteolytic enzyme is an enzyme
Proteolytic enzymes are used to liquefy dead tissue, which are later absorbed.
Proteolytic enzymes can irritate the skin and mucous membranes.
Proteolytic enzymes cause substantial breakdown of storage proteins.
Proteolytic enzymes have many useful properties.
All proteolytic enzymes are secreted as inactive zymogens to protect the gland from autodigestion.
Proteolytic processing activates a viral superantigen.
Proteolytic processing is an important regulatory mechanism for many basic biologic processes.
Proteolytic processing occurs during viral maturation and is a viral function.
Proteolytic reactions can be specific.
Proteomic stocks are likely to go up and down in wild swings.
Proteomic approaches to analyze protein kinase specificity.
Proteomics depends on bioinformatics because of the large amount of information that's generated.
Proteomics Gears Up Excellent review of proteomics and some of the major players.
Proteomics gives an overall view of developmental changes in gene functions.
Proteomics has applications beyond cancer.
Proteomics has broad applications in disease diagnosis, drug discovery, and agriculture.
Proteomics involves studying the gene products of a disease or developmental state.
Proteomics is a complex discipline requiring a long learning curve.
Proteomics is a promising new field comprising of the study of protein expression and function.
Proteomics is a rapidly expanding field of research into how proteins encoded in genes work.
Proteomics is all about the proteins that the genome tells an organism to make.
Proteomics is an emerging technology in modern drug discovery and is complementary to genomics.
Proteomics is even more difficult than genomics, because the chemistry of proteins is so complex.
Proteomics is one of the tools used to explore the complexity of intracellular signaling networks.
Proteomics is really just high throughput protein biology.
Proteomics is simply the study of the complete set of proteins encoded by a particular organism.
Proteomics is suddenly a burgeoning business for life science companies.
Proteomics is the analysis of all proteins in a cell, tissue, or organism.
Proteomics is the automated, large-scale study of how proteins work.
Proteomics is the global search for and identification and prediction of protein function.
Proteomics is the most critical part.
Proteomics is the next step to understanding how cells work in the body.
Proteomics is the next wave of molecular medicine after genomics.
Proteomics is the study if the protein complement of the genome.
Proteomics is the study of how proteins function under different situations.
Proteomics is the study of protein function in living organims.
Proteomics is the study of proteins for drug development.
Proteomics is the study of proteins that are expressed by the genetic array of an organism.
Proteomics is the study of the complete protein complement of the cell, tissue, or organism.
Proteomics is the systematic study of the full set of proteins encoded by a genome.
Proteomics looks at . . .
Proteomics needs more people involved who understand it.
Proteomics presents a more complex challenge than genomics.
Proteomics proposes to examine thousands of proteins at once.
Proteomics seeks to provide functional information for all proteins.
Proteomics seeks to provide functional information for all the proteins.
Proterozoic molybdenite is locally common in Colorado gneisses, pegmatites, and quartz veins.
Proterozoic is an eon which is a higher category than era.
Protest action is planned for next week to the offices of the department of labour.
Protest committees find facts.
Protest groups say they'll make the public more aware by peaceful non-violent demonstrations.
Protest groups serve a variety of functions.
Protest movements are a different kind of social movement from any of the above for two reasons.
Protest songs can come from just about any type of music.
A protest is an objection
Protest advances to full hearing.
Protest becomes a way of life.
Protest draws more media than activists.
Protest is as much the rule as the rules themselves.
Protest is important.
Protest is largely unfocussed.
Protest is met with violent repression.
Protest is natural.
Protest is nothing more than lobbying in the street.
Protest is okay if protest is warranted.
Protest isa event.
Protest leads to beatings and violence.
Protest means being beaten up.
Protest requires little strategic planning and no brains.
Protest rises immediately to our lips.
Protest soon transforms itself in urban guerrilla.
Protest spills into the streets.
Protest turns violent Violence erupted when troops tried to break up the rally.
Protest works .
Protests aganist the injustices of governments and of the poor.
Protests also come from South Africa and other countries.
Protests are a testing ground for any democracy.
Protests are a vital part of civic activism in local, national, and international affairs.
Protests are also very necessary.
Protests are an effective way to attract attention to a problem as long as they stay peaceful.
Protests are expensive and time-consuming.
Protests are extremely important.
Protests are hard to run.
Protests are instrumental to change.
Protests are legitimate, healthy expressions of political thought.
Protests are located in cities.
Protests are now rare, but the camp likes visitors.
Protests are objections.
Protests are rare in the country because people fear for their safety.
Protests are rare.
Protests are relatively common.
Protests are resistance.
Protests are the monopoly of the government.
Protests are ugly.
Protests begin in the valley along with anti India demonstrations.
Protests can achieve a great deal.
Protests cause a delay in pre-conference activities in Seattle.
Protests come and protests go.
Protests continue and have intensified both in the provinces and in Saigon and Hanoi.
Protests continue for five full days.
Protests continue in the U.S., while American troop withdrawal continues in Vietnam.
Protests continue in Washington.
Protests continue on a daily basis.
Protests continue on an international scale.
Protests continue on California campuses.
Protests continue to grow.
Protests develop theories to the knowing process which plays in human affairs.
Protests erupt across the U.S. as the administration prepares for war.
Protests erupt in the wake of Elian removal.
Protests Find out about protests all over the world.
Protests flare in Palestine as Israeli troops kill Palestinian.
Protests have intense moments where there is danger of losing control.
Protests have the power to reshape public space and therefore to incite more democracy.
Protests lack vigor, unity, and feeling.
Protests occur almost daily.
Protests remain in place at terminals and refineries across the country.
Protests seem to be the thing of the past.
Protests sprout to New Orleans yesterday .
Protests spur state to revise rules for sex offender housing.
Protests win challenge to peer-review proposal.
Protests often appeal to emotion, to personal sense of obligation rather than to principles or laws.
Protests often are just the beginning.
All protest is to be addressed to chief-judge.
All protests are in vain.
All protests are to be resolved at the time of the protest.
More protests are likely against future shipments.
Some protest is authentic and deserves to be heard.
Some protests lead to death.
Some protests lead to states.
Some protests occur during years.
Protestant children go to the equivalent Protestant institutions.
Protestant churches allow women in the ministry.
Protestant churches are by far the most numerous and every major denomination is represented here.
Protestant churches are strong and vigorous in Haiti.
Protestant churches have prelude music before their services.
Protestant churches make up the majority.
Protestant churches send a protest letter to no avail.
Protestant churchs are churchs.
Many Protestant churches have ministers or pastors instead of priests.
Many protestant churches teach against interethnic marriages.
Most Protestant Churches allow people to marry again after a divorce.
Most Protestant churches belong to one of four umbrella organizations.
Some Protestant churches insist on baptism by immersion.
Some Protestant churches refer to their clergy as pastors or preachers rather than ministers.
Protestant confessions declare the Bible infallible for faith and life.
Some Protestant congregations have two ministers with their families to support.
Protestant countries receive extra traders and colonists as well as a bonus in producing explorers.
Many Protestant denominations have no theological differences.
Some Protestant denominations think they are only symbolic.
Protestant divines teach no such thing.
Protestant education stresses the value of literacy as the basis of learning and maturing.
Protestant extremists are angry over a decision to ban a march through Catholic areas.
Protestant groups are active and their membership is growing.
Protestant groups display a wide variety of different doctrines.
Protestant groups say that anyone who was baptized can be a priest .
Protestant groups say that anyone who was baptized can be a priest.
Protestant hospitals offer treatment and care of the highest standards.
Protestant iconoclasts ransack numerous churches.
Protestant ministers are a special target.
Protestant ministers are equally unable to fill the spiritual vacuum.
Protestant music is very ethereal, very cerebral.
Protestant opposition dooms the accord, and violence continues.
Protestant prejudice is due mainly to the falsehoods which have deluged the Protestant mind.
Protestant refugees pour into the region.
Protestant religion belongs here.
Protestant rigor lies thin over pagan dread.
Most Protestant sects believe in salvation by grace.
Protestant services are acceptable for members.
Protestant services are also available weekly in our nursing home chapel.
Protestant services are also telecast weekly.
Protestant theology is distrustful to the invasion of rational thought with revelation.
Protestant workers have to reject loyalism and unionism as ruling class ideologies.
Protestants accordingly accept church councils only when they agree with the teaching of the Bible.
Protestants admit no pope, no infallible human umpire.
Protestants are a very diverse group and it is good to share our viewpoints.
Protestants are also present in the Judean town.
Protestants are believers.
Protestants are christians.
Protestants are clearly without Scriptural baptism.
Protestants are damned dissenters, heretics, malformed.
Protestants are present in the Judean town.
Protestants are the least free because they are sinful.
Protestants believe in private interpretation of the Bible.
Protestants can t have it both ways.
Protestants claim repetitive prayer is forbidden by Scripture.
Protestants construct authority from theology and use it to organize religion.
Protestants correctly hold that the Bible that is our sole authority is never uninterpreted.
Protestants dismiss it.
Protestants do exactly the same thing, just in a more limited manner.
Protestants find themselves attending Catholic services.
Protestants further request that the public hearings be held as scheduled.
Protestants generally accept the early ecumenical councils.
Protestants have a passion for truth and the unity of truth.
Protestants have a problem with the Immaculate Conception of Mary.
Protestants have no final authority other than their own interpretation of Scripture.
Protestants have no rights.
Protestants have plenty of blood on their hands so let's pray there is no more of it.
Protestants have smaller households and preferred a single interview situation.
Protestants have trouble with their own liberation theologians.
Protestants hold that churches are more sacred than other places.
Protestants lag shamefully behind.
Protestants look elsewhere for the authority of their faith.
Protestants manage to believe in many such doctrines.
Protestants preach that gospel and worship are a haven for sinners.
Protestants promote a positive orientation to life and the world of work.
Protestants reject the use of three-dimensional images in their churches.
Protestants represent a small but growing minority in Mexico.
Protestants say the same thing.
Protestants shy away from honouring saints.
Protestants stress the values of literacy as the basis of learning and maturing.
Protestants talk a lot about faith.
Protestants tend to be austere in their ritualism and in their portrayal of holy images.
Protestants tend to congregate in Ocean City, founded a century ago as a Methodist retreat.
Protestants tend to forget that.
Protestants too are present in the Judean town.
Protestants uphold the same.
Protestants widely reject infallibility of the church.
Protestants often claim that.
Many Protestants are under extreme pressure to recant their faith.
Many Protestants are, as well.
Many protestants believe baptism without repentance is meaningless.
Many Protestants feel the same way.
Many Protestants think that Catholicism teaches salvation by works.
Many Protestants use the term born-again.
More Protestants seem to be interested in the notion, which seems kind of ironic.
Most Protestants are loyal to Britain and prefer that the North remain separate.
Most Protestants are simply confused.
Most Protestants consider themselves excommunicated anyway.
Most protestants do the same think.
Most Protestants reject liturgy however.
Most Protestants still base their thoughts and actions on the Bible.
Most Protestants therefore believe that baptism confirms our decision to repent.
A protester is a person
Protesters accuse the new king of involvement in the massacre.
Protesters already go to the business premises.
Protesters also appear naked in public at times.
Protesters also face multiple charges.
Protesters angrily deny sellout.
Protesters are also against plans to build roads.
Protesters are another.
Protesters are located in demonstrations.
Protesters are necessarily unpleasant, even irritating.
Protesters are people.
Protesters are very public and loud about their opinions.
Protesters begin arriving by bus to prison grounds.
Protesters believe the school trains murderers and torturers for Latin American governments.
Protesters blame the gendarmes for widespread corruption as well as the killings.
Protesters blame their governments for excessive fuel taxes.
Protesters block an embassy gate and trap officials inside.
Protesters block an intersection.
Protesters block roads and close mines and shops.
Protesters break through security guard lines and climb a crane.
Protesters carry coffins, white crosses and, one by one, call out the names of the murdered.
Protesters claim janitors are paid low wages, get no medical benefits and are treated poorly.
Protesters claim that they are being endangered by reckless fallers.
Protesters claim the show perpetuates an untrue image of what Vietnam is like today.
Protesters clash with police in vocal, pushing and shoving match.
Protesters come and go during the daytime, to attend class, shower, or get food.
Protesters come every year.
Protesters comfort each other.
Protesters confront the passing presidential limo.
Protesters contend they want to water down rules protecting workers and the environment.
Protesters continue to break into the range and get arrested in acts of civil disobedience.
Protesters continue to interfere, delaying the maneuvers.
Protesters crowd barricades barring pedestrians from certain crosswalks in New York.
Protesters decry the global trade body as undemocratic and too powerful.
Protesters defiant Some delegates had trouble getting from their hotels to the convention centre.
Protesters demand more and better sidewalks.
Protesters demand that labor and environmental standards be enforced in global trade agreements.
Protesters demand the withdrawal of Soviet troops.
Protesters demonstrate outside the court.
Protesters describe the meeting as frank, open and cordial.
Protesters disrupt a meeting of the city's public safety committee.
Protesters fall in parade fashion behind the kids and wheelchairs.
Protesters fall into an impromptu sit-in in front of police barricades.
Protesters fear removal.
Protesters feel that the ad promotes homosexuality and want it pulled immediately.
Protesters flee as police fire tear gas.
Protesters force issues into the public eye.
Protesters have a right to protest and a right to be heard.
Protesters have every right to protest, but trespassing is criminal offense.
Protesters have the right to assemble.
Protesters helping to clean up the mess reflect a civic spirit people usually take for granted.
Protesters hope to stop all construction work on the plant during the week.
Protesters insist that their First Amendment right to free speech has been blunted.
Protesters insist they did no damage.
Protesters look on.
Protesters make their voices heard outside the meeting halls in Windsor.
Protesters make their way through downtown in the misty rain.
Protesters manage to delay the summit for six hours.
Protesters maul a delegate.
Protesters occasionally block inter-city highways for long periods of time.
Protesters occupy several camps on the range.
Protesters plan their actions at the conventions .
Protesters plan to encircle the hall, hold meetings and scale buildings.
Protesters plan to form a human shield around the centre to prevent the slaughter.
Protesters range from students to everyday citizens, and all seem to be well informed.
Protesters regard the two major parties with equal disdain.
Protesters reject a proposed compromise and the board agrees to appoint a citizens review committee.
Protesters respond by throwing sticks.
Protesters run from a gas attack.
Protesters say it's clear that the sting was racially motivated.
Protesters say more of their number are still on the grounds.
Protesters say that free trade fosters social inequality and limits personal opportunity.
Protesters say the company pays low wages and has profit margins that are too high.
Protesters say the deal offers no guarantees and they want the range to remain closed.
Protesters say the exits are often marked by tears.
Protesters say the fence violates the spirit of democracy.
Protesters say the lawsuits also threaten native gathering rights.
Protesters say the regulation infringes on First Amendment rights.
Protesters say they are going out of their way to be non-violent.
Protesters share the space with the endangered desert tortoise.
Protesters smash windows and throw debris at the cars.
Protesters sow wheat seed in the excavated hole for the site.
Protesters still march in opposition, and supporters rally for choice.
Protesters storm the government, the military turns, and the strongman flees.
Protesters take action, promote change.
Protesters take focus off rebound.
Protesters talk about their plans for the Taste.
Protesters try to scare pupils off their milk.
Protesters try to stop Miami recounts.
Protesters view the free trade talks as another way to pollute the environment and hurt the poor.
Protesters wear only blankets and smear the walls in their cells with excreta.
Protesters often identify themselves to local awarding authorities.
Many protesters are reluctant to use the facility, regarding it as a trap.
Many protesters are suspicious of the mainstream media.
Many protesters do no more than pray.
Many protesters focus on concern over the environment.
Most protesters are disrespectful and get what they deserve.
Most protesters say police are overreacting.
Some protesters also think in terms of process.
Some protesters still wrestle with it.
Some protesters think they are being watched.
Some protesters threaten to shut down the trade meeting entirely.
Prothonotary warblers are birds.
Prothonotary warblers are common along the cypress-lined waterways.
Prothonotary warblers enjoy nesting in hollow knees, of which there are plenty.
Prothonotary warblers prefer nest sites within or near wetlands.
Prothrombin times remain moderately elevated.
Protic solvents tend to favor higher proportions of abnormal addition.
All Protist cells have nuclei and live in most environments.
Protist parasites infect domesticate livestock.
Protist parasites infect livestock.
Most protist parasites infect domesticate livestock.
Most protist parasites infect livestock.
Some protist species are essential components of the food chain and are generators of biomass .
A protist is a microorganism
Protist isa microorganism.
Protists are a combination of both unicellular and multicellular organisms.
Protists are a diverse, polyphyletic group of eukaryotic organisms.
Protists are a kingdom of organisms that can reproduce asexually and sexually.
Protists are a major component of plankton .
Protists are a very diverse group of eukaryotes that includes several distinct evolutionary lines.
Protists are a very diverse group of organisms.
Protists are also capable of sexual, as well as asexual reproduction, meiosis, and mitosis.
Protists are an odd bunch of characters.
Protists are basically the leftovers.
Protists are both unicellular and eukaryotic.
Protists are characterized more by their diversity than by their shared characteristics.
Protists are classified by reproduction, method of obtaining energy, or type of movement.
Protists are complex cells known as eukaryotes.
Protists are difficult to characterize because of the great diversity of the kingdom.
Protists are diverse and have different adaptations for moment and for finding food.
Protists are divided into protozoa and algae.
Protists are divided into unicellular algae and protozoans.
Protists are essential sources of nutrition for many other organisms.
Protists are eucaryotic unicellular organisms.
Protists are eukaryotes and live in water or in watery tissues of organisms.
Protists are eukaryotes that like moist areas.
Protists are eukaryotes, and most are single-celled.
Protists are eukaryotes, and thus have more than one chromosome.
Protists are eukaryotes, organisms with organized nuclei.
Protists are eukaryotes.
Protists are eukaryotes.
Protists are eukaryotic.
Protists are extremely abundant in their habitats.
Protists are found almost anywhere there is water.
Protists are in a class of their own.
Protists are interesting creatures.
Protists are microorganisms.
Protists are microscopic organisms that are eukaryotic.
Protists are microscopic, mostly unicellular organisms.
Protists are mostly heterotrophic , which means relying on others for nutrition.
Protists are mostly microscopic and have no organs or tissues.
Protists are mostly microscopic, and unicellular organisms.
Protists are mostly single-celled organisms that have a nucleus.
Protists are one celled organisms.
Protists are one of the for kingdoms.
Protists are one-celled eukaryotes.
Protists are one-celled organisms.
Protists are organisms that are part of the biological kingdom called the protista.
Protists are prokaryotes.
Protists are protozoa which are animal-like that cell walls but are eukaryotic.
Protists are similar to eubacteria with the exception of notable differences.
Protists are single cell eukaryotes found in aquatic environments.
Protists are single celled organisms containing organelles.
Protists are single-celled eukaryotes which are organisms with a nucleus .
Protists are single-celled eukaryotes.
Protists are single-celled microscopic organisms like amoebae.
Protists are single-celled organisms.
Protists are the major primary producers, primary consumers, and decomposers in aquatic food chains.
Protists are the most diverse kingdom of eukaryotic organisms.
Protists are the most diversified of all eukaryotes.
Protists are the simplest of eukaryotes.
Protists are thought to have evolved from a. early viruses.
Protists are unicellular and are more complex than bacteria or archaea.
Protists are very different from each other.
Protists break down cellulose to glucose, transfer some to symbiotic bacteria, ferment the rest.
Protists can be either unicellular or multicellular.
Protists can be quite complex.
Protists can be single celled or .
Protists can either be free-living or parasitic.
Protists can grow as fast as, or faster than their phytoplankton prey.
Protists can reproduce mitotically, and some are capable of meiosis for sexual reproduction.
Protists carry out photosynthesis.
Protists cause diseases.
Protists cause human diseases.
Protists come in many different shapes.
Protists constitute the largest biodiversity gap in eukaryotes.
Protists contain organelles.
Protists digest food.
Protists exhibit a wide range of forms, locomotion, nutriton and reproduction than bacteria.
Protists exhibit the most diverse spectrum of structure and life cycles of all known organisms.
Protists form important symbiotic relationships with other organisms.
Protists form large amounts of cellulose.
Protists form small gametes that fuse together to restore the diploid condition.
Protists function as primary producers in many aquatic ecosystems.
Protists function as sources of food for organisms on land and sea.
Protists function in various ecological niches.
Protists grazing on bacteria can promote decomposition, despite decreased bacterial biomass.
Protists have (part) cell membranes.
Protists have (part) cells.
Protists have (part) corpi.
Protists have (part) cytoplasm.
Protists have (part) nuclei.
Protists have (part) plasma membranes.
Protists have (part) sections.
Protists have (part) vacuoles.
Protists have beneficial uses.
Protists have contractile vacuoles.
Protists have features.
Protists have flagella.
Protists have functions.
Protists have great reproductive potential and reproduce both by asexual and sexual methods.
Protists have large genomes often much larger than the human genome.
Protists have numerous characteristics that allow for grouping.
Protists have the most varied sexual life histories of the eukaryotes.
Protists have vacuoles.
Protists help land-dwelling animals such as cockroaches and termites digest cellulose .
Protists inhabit digestive tracts.
Protists inhabit tracts.
Protists live in moist locations such as wet soil or bodies of water.
Protists live in termite guts and digest cellulose.
Protists make food through photosynthesis just like plants make food through photosynthesis.
Protists manufacture oxygen for marine life.
Protists obtain energy.
Protists occupy many niches for life, especially the plankton.
Protists play a key role in marine food chains.
Protists produce oxygen.
Protists represent some of the most diverse branches in the tree of life.
Protists represents all symmetries and exhibit all types of nutriton.
Protists reproduce both sexually and asexually.
Protists reproduce by a variety of mechanisms.
Protists seem to share certain characteristics even when they are classified into different groups.
Protists show the three basic types of sexual life cycles, with some other variants, too.
Protists use contractile vacuoles to remove excess water from their cells.
Protists use energy.
All protists are aquatic.
All protists are capable of a. asexual reproduction.
All protists are eukaryotic, which means they all have a true nucleus.
All protists are irritable and react in differ- ent degrees upon external irritations.
All protists are multicellular.
All protists do, they are all eukaryotic.
Every protist has cells that contain a nucleus.
Many protists act as pathogens to humans.
Many protists are economically useful as well.
Many protists are haploid.
Many protists are part of the plankton and are very important for the ecosystem .
Many protists are part of the plankton and are very important for the ecosystem.
Many protists are producers.
Many protists are single-celled organisms, as are bacteria.
Many protists are single-celled organisms.
Many protists can cause serious illness and disease.
Many protists can reproduce either sexually or asexually depending on environmental conditions.
Many protists cause significant diseases in humans and other animals.
Many protists play important roles in ecosystems.
Many protists reproduce sexually, as do multicellular plants, animals, and fungi.
Many protists take the form of single-celled flagellates .
Many protists take the form of single-celled flagellates.
Most protists are aerobic in metabolism.
Most protists are aerobic, possessing mitochondria and using aerobic respiration.
Most protists are aquatic.
Most protists are microscopic and unicellular, but some true multicellular forms exist.
Most protists are unicelluar, though some are colonial or multicellular.
Most protists are unicellular but a few are multicellular.
Most protists are unicellular, but some, such as seaweeds, are large multicellular organisms.
Most protists are unicellular, but there are some colonial and multicellular species.
Most protists are very small .
Most protists are very small.
Most protists carry out photosynthesis.
Most protists cause diseases.
Most protists cause human diseases.
Most protists digest food.
Most protists have cilia or flagella at some time in life.
Most protists have contractile vacuoles.
Most protists have flagella.
Most protists have functions.
Most protists have vacuoles.
Most protists inhabit digestive tracts.
Most protists inhabit tracts.
Most protists live in aquatic environments.
Most protists obtain energy.
Most protists produce oxygen.
Most protists react positively or negatively to various chemicals or concentrations of chemicals.
Most protists reproduce asexually.
Most protists require a watery environment in which to live.
Most protists use energy.
Some protist can also be fungi-like.
Some protists are animal-like and are called protozoa.
Some protists are as small as prokaryotes.
Some protists are autotrophs but others are heterotrophs.
Some protists are harmful, but many more are beneficial.
Some protists are heterotrophs, a group of phyla called the protozoa.
Some protists are heterotrophs, some are autotrophs, and others are both.
Some protists are large enough to surround and ingest bacteria and archaea.
Some protists are more closely related to plants, animals, or fungi than they are to other protists.
Some protists are multicellular organisms.
Some protists are multicellular.
Some protists are photoautotrophs with chloroplasts.
Some protists are unicellular and some are multicellular.
Some protists can carry out photosynthesis.
Some protists can, too.
Some protists cause diseases .
Some protists cause malaria.
Some protists cause red tide.
Some protists cause tide.
Some protists contain wood.
Some protists display much movement others little.
Some protists eat algae.
Some protists have characteristics of more than one group.
Some protists have characteristics.
Some protists have chloroplasts.
Some protists have cilia.
Some protists have diversity.
Some protists have nuclei.
Some protists have one or more flagella, which they rotate or whip.
Some protists live in environments.
Some protists live in freshwater environments.
Some protists live in the gut of termites.
Some protists live within the bodies of animals.
Some protists make their own food.
Some protists move around, while others stay in one place.
Some protists move by changing their cell shape, and some move by means of specilized organnelles.
Some protists move toward light, while others move away.
Some protists move with the help of long, whip-like and fine structures, flagella.
Some protists produce cellulose.
Some protists produce nutrients.
Some protists provide nutrients.
Some protists reproduce asexually by mitosis.
Some protists undergo meiosis.
Some protists undergo photosynthesis.
Some protists use fission.
Some protists use multiple fission.
Protistan classification is an active area of research and debate.
Protistan is a microorganism
Protistans are a collection of the simplest eukaryotic organisms.
Protistans are unicellular eukaryotes.
Protocol analyzers are a good investment and worth learning how to use.
Protocol analyzers are a lot like the emergency air tanks scuba divers carry.
Protocol analyzers can be either hardware or software.
Most protocol analyzers rely on a central console that is only accessible from a single location.
Protocol converters help a great deal in the interfacing of various hardware.
Some protocol families have multiple protocols that support one type of service.
Protocol layer defines the network language.
Protocol stacks enable programs to speak to each other via commodity protocols.
Protocol stacks take a fairly long time to develop and test.
Protocol stacks tend to be like Russian dolls.
Protocol testing is rather time consuming.
A protocol is a rule
Protocol above is the client-server one.
Protocol are unlikely to impose liability on themselves.
Protocol blocking involves cutting off access to entire portions of the Internet.
Protocol calls for centrifugation.
Protocol calls for giving epinephrine before lidocaine.
Protocol calls for the flag to be lowered ceremoniously at sunset.
Protocol calls for two surveys per day over a period of three days.
Protocol can be a number or a name like ip , arp , or rarp .
Protocol can be a number or one of the names icmp , igrp , udp , nd , or tcp .
Protocol can be a number or one of the names tcp , udp or icmp .
Protocol can send logs automatically by email in the background.
Protocol cassettes implement the functionality to carry out online commerce protocols.
Protocol changes quickly in the world of cyberspace.
Protocol coming from Europe indicates that scaffolds are never headed.
Protocol describes the method of access.
Protocol facilitates flexible construction of protocol stacks.
Protocol gives sites way to keep out the 'bots.
Protocol implement the treaties' provisions in their national laws.
Protocol includes blood draws, a public speaking assignment and IV medication.
Protocol includes teaching sessions to address adherence to antiviral medicines.
Protocol interfacing is definatly possible.
Protocol is a procedure for adding order to the exchange of data.
Protocol is a value of the Cisco protocol attribute for a particular type of authorization.
Protocol is an agreed upon language for computers.
Protocol is announcements, then member check-ins.
Protocol is checked.
Protocol is complex and somewhat involved from developers point of view.
Protocol is different than symbiosis.
Protocol is everything.
Protocol is extended once for each set of related capsules.
Protocol is important in the use of the collaboration feature.
Protocol is in fact the language communicated between devices.
Protocol is in the list of available protocols.
Protocol is on next slide.
Protocol is one thing.
Protocol is pretty much as before.
Protocol is received from both sides of the bridge.
Protocol is required.
Protocol is signed in Ankara, after three days of constructive meetings between the two parties.
Protocol is signed on tourism and enhancing cultural ties.
Protocol is significant.
Protocol is stateless, to make life easier for the server, optional for client.
Protocol is the general method used to retrieve the information.
Protocol is the international agreement to reduce ozone-destroying chemicals.
Protocol is the method a file is transferred to a computer.
Protocol is the recognized system of international courtesy.
Protocol is the way to have a meaningful conversation.
Protocol is two documents with the same protocol namespace.
Protocol is written and sent out to editors, consumers, clinicians and other experts for comments.
Protocol is wrong type for socket.
Protocol isa cognition.
Protocol isa knowledge.
Protocol layering produces simple protocols, each with a few well-defined tasks.
Protocol lets each one know where one stands, literally.
Protocol means a set of rules.
Protocol means the correct rules which one follows.
Protocol means the rules.
Protocol means the structure of the Uniform Resource Locator.
Protocol objects Create session objects.
Protocol only delivers accuracy.
Protocol oversees our stellar speaker's bureau program.
Protocol provides supplies for conferences involving distinguished visitors.
Protocol refers to relations between individuals.
Protocol refers to the manner in which two programs choose to communicate.
Protocol requires a call in advance when barging in on other nations.
Protocol requires careful dissection technique.
Protocol requires taking pictures of the baby both clothed and unclothed.
Protocol suggests that the waiter or captain be consulted.
Protocol then click the Next button.
Protocol uses strobe light illumination and video recording techniques.
Protocol works as it is the foundation for the sending of emails.
Protocols achieve earlier settlement.
Protocols allow the flow of information from one machine to another in the form of packets.
Protocols allows products and services from different manufacturers to interoperate with each other.
Protocols also coordinate the flow of messages and their acknowledgments.
Protocols also define how to handle damaged transmissions.
Protocols are a set of rules for communicating.
Protocols are a way to insure the level of medical care, and to get control of costs.
Protocols are a way to make the most of the time people do have.
Protocols are access methods.
Protocols are also available here.
Protocols are an alternative way inter-component communication is implemented.
Protocols are an essential part of connectivity.
Protocols are at the heart of telephone triage practice.
Protocols are available at the lab.
Protocols are available for all species requiring surveys.
Protocols are available for most of the major protocols on many platforms.
Protocols are available that operate efficiently at high speeds and long distances.
Protocols are available upon request.
Protocols are code of conduct.
Protocols are date stamped and given an assignment number.
Protocols are developed by scientists.
Protocols are essentially rules that computers agree to use when communicating.
Protocols are etiquette.
Protocols are even more important if two computers wish to exchange information.
Protocols are formats and procedures for transfer of data.
Protocols are how computers talk to each other in different types of languages.
Protocols are in default settings.
Protocols are in place in the hospital to allow infusions and epidural narcotics.
Protocols are just patterns.
Protocols are like rules that govern the exchange of information.
Protocols are methods used by scientists to collect data.
Protocols are minutes, that is to say, the relation of what happened in a meeting.
Protocols are most commonly in place for pharmacological interventions.
Protocols are most successful when focused on initial design goals.
Protocols are necessary because they simplify and standardize data transmission between nodes.
Protocols are no longer necessary, and direct memory to memory transfer is possible.
Protocols are notes.
Protocols are online.
Protocols are precise treatment programs and physicians follow specific guidelines.
Protocols are pre-established means of communication.
Protocols are reviewed on a first come, first serve basis.
Protocols are rigid, never completely inclusive, and are soon outdated.
Protocols are rules and methods by which computers communicate over a network.
Protocols are rules for following other rules.
Protocols are rules for network communication.
Protocols are rules which determine how computers act when talking to one another.
Protocols are rules.
Protocols are searchable.
Protocols are set of rules.
Protocols are short-circuited.
Protocols are software codes that allow information to pass through the Internet.
Protocols are the background, objectives and methods of reviews being prepared.
Protocols are the background, objectives and methods of reviews in preparation.
Protocols are the formats in which the files are to be transferred.
Protocols are the key to changing systems.
Protocols are the languages that are spoken over the network and Internet.
Protocols are the languages used by computers to talk across the network.
Protocols are the methods used to manage the network's communication traffic.
Protocols are the procedures required for communication between computers.
Protocols are the rules by which communication takes place in a system.
Protocols are the rules governing communication between the blocks of an architecture.
Protocols are the rules that underlie orderly communication.
Protocols are the tools used to store and transfer data on the Internet.
Protocols are to computers what language is to humans.
Protocols are typical samples only.
Protocols are universalisms.
Protocols are unsecure because they lack a simple authentication or encryption method.
Protocols are used by researchers.
Protocols are useful to PAs to the same extent that they are useful to physicians.
Protocols are vehicles for building the skills and culture necessary for collaborative work.
Protocols are vital elements in computer networks with different host systems.
Protocols are, to some extent, only specified in the course of the work.
Protocols can be safety nets that protect vulnerable adults from such treatment.
Protocols can evolve over time as new ideas are tried out.
Protocols can make layers of software known as protocol stacks .
Protocols change over time.
Protocols change, survivors age, new drugs are used.
Protocols clearly delineate the population that needs the intervention.
Protocols comprise the canon of laboratory procedures for scientists around the world.
Protocols control drug application, image intensifier, shutters, clamp voltage.
Protocols control formatting, timing, sequence, and error checking.
Protocols cover more than just delivery choices, however.
Protocols covered in validate represent the most stable core of ns.
Protocols create bottlenecks.
Protocols define a standard way of communicating.
Protocols define the interface and interactions between entities.
Protocols define the manner in which different entities interact.
Protocols define the rules for communications between two or more computers on the internet.
Protocols describe procedures.
Protocols determine anything from syntax to data formatting to error-detection.
Protocols differ A detailed look at the differences between the protocols used by the two systems.
Protocols differ by platform and by language.
Protocols discuss the replacement of iron stores using iron dextran infusions.
Protocols do affect communications efficiency.
Protocols do have time limitations.
Protocols enable assessments.
Protocols enable networks to communicate efficiently and effectively.
Protocols ensure quality.
Protocols exist at every point where logical program flow crosses between hosts.
Protocols exist at several levels in a telecommunication connection.
Protocols exist for a variety of different types of communication services between computers .
Protocols exist for a variety of different types of communication services between computers.
Protocols exist for estimating lethal dose.
Protocols exist for patients of all ages, from infancy through geriatrics .
Protocols exist to make communications untracable as well as secure.
Protocols facilitate routine.
Protocols facilitate sterilization routine.
Protocols follow principles.
Protocols follow same principles.
Protocols form the link between modems and the Internet.
Protocols get more complicated and less implementable as features are tacked on.
Protocols Go forward to Hacking .
Protocols Go to the Protocols tab.
Protocols guarantee that each participant of the discussion can understand the other.
Protocols have advantage.
Protocols have more to do with attitudes than with procedures or methods.
Protocols have no interface or implementation, but they more resemble an interface.
Protocols help guide intervention and standardize practice.
Protocols Here are some of the standards used in videoconferencing.
Protocols improve cost.
Protocols include examinations.
Protocols include methods.
Protocols include steps.
Protocols include treatments.
Protocols involve use.
Protocols involving mifepristone are quite similar.
Protocols is a forgery.
Protocols is a kind of rules of order for communication between clients and servers.
Protocols is just fancy talkin'.
Protocols is to give researchers a starting point for their experiments.
Protocols Loosely speaking, a protocol defines how two hosts talk to each other.
Protocols make the Internet work.
Protocols once submitted are public documents and available through the Freedom of Information Act.
Protocols only specify the messages sent over the wire.
Protocols organize data into groups called frames, cells, and packets.
Protocols provide fine details and definitions regarding how performance is measured.
Protocols provide reminders when tests or procedures are due to help manage patient health.
Protocols provide safety, encourage listening and deepen the discussion of student work.
Protocols provide services to higher level protocols and make requests from lower level protocols.
Protocols push multicast traffic to all points on a network.
Protocols range from two sites measured to as many as seven.
Protocols regulate the communication between agents.
Protocols represent the codification of required behavior.
Protocols require cursory continuing review.
Protocols require modification.
Protocols require parsing, and can be difficult to debug at runtime.
Protocols require the mother who is anticipating a large baby to leave the water.
Protocols return often to a particular state - no matter what happens.
Protocols rule each level of a transaction.
Protocols See communications protocols .
Protocols serve as guidelines for both field medics and command physicians.
Protocols support pathways.
Protocols tend to evolve in order to fit the needs of new technology and Internet growth.
Protocols transfer the data by breaking it down into small units called packets.
Protocols typically are strict and complex and require rigorous training of the nursing staff.
Protocols typically strengthen a convention by adding new, more detailed commitments.
Protocols use instruments.
Protocols use strategies.
Protocols vary by farm.
Protocols vary widely.
Protocols often develop under time pressures from grant deadlines.
Protocols often use other protocols to provide services.
Protocols usually begin with the doctor writing an order for an assessment.
Protocols usually exist in two forms.
All protocols allow for some variation in packet sizes, timeouts, and the like.
All protocols allow for some variation in packet sizes, timeouts, etc.
All protocols are available free of charge.
All protocols are available online.
All protocols are in a written on-line form and are revised as necessary.
All protocols are reliable and well tested.
All protocols are subject to a two tier examination process.
All protocols end with ing .
All protocols examine various combination anti-HIV therapies.
All protocols involve a minimum of two clinic visits.
All protocols receive veterinary review for animal welfare, good laboratory practice, and safety.
All protocols undergo a random audit every two years.
Many protocols can be in use at once.
Many protocols exploit the idea of geographic locality by implementing a hierarchical structure.
Many protocols use smart solutions to limit the overhead to maintain coherence among shared copies.
Many protocols use URIs at core.
Most protocols are developed by scientists.
Most protocols are used by researchers.
Most protocols change over time.
Most protocols describe procedures.
Most protocols enable assessments.
Most protocols ensure quality.
Most protocols facilitate routine.
Most protocols facilitate sterilization routine.
Most protocols follow principles.
Most protocols follow same principles.
Most protocols have advantage.
Most protocols have default ports.
Most protocols identify required materials such as buffers, reagents and cell lines.
Most protocols improve cost.
Most protocols involve use.
Most protocols require modification.
Most protocols support their own ioctls to configure pro- tocol specific interface options.
Most protocols use instruments.
Most protocols use strategies.
Some protocols achieve widespread adoption and usage, and persist as long-term industry standards.
Some protocols allow patients.
Some protocols allow the use of wildcard characters in specifying a name.
Some protocols are better for some things.
Some protocols are more chatty than others.
Some protocols are more stable or faster than others at certain tasks.
Some protocols are provided by manufacturers.
Some protocols are simple enough that there is effectively no metadata.
Some protocols are simpler than others, some are more reliable, and some are faster.
Some protocols can be fairly generic and span sets of devices.
Some protocols contain complete envelope information within message .
Some protocols describe optimization.
Some protocols do caching of documents.
Some protocols do framing in hardware, others do it in software.
Some protocols ensure likelihood.
Some protocols ensure preparation.
Some protocols even facilitate payment for merchants through banking institutions.
Some protocols have longer time-out periods and allow for more retries than others.
Some protocols have many types.
Some protocols have types.
Some protocols involve special treatments.
Some protocols involve treatments.
Some protocols model most errors themselves by sending.
Some protocols require employees.
Some protocols support excretion.
Some protocols support skipping fetching unless the object is newer than some amount of time.
Some protocols support skipping fetching unless the object is newer than some time.
Some protocols take advantage.
Some protocols use expedited data for control or attention messages.
Some protocols use strings that are in English.
All protoctists are eukaryotes.
Some protoctists obtain food by invading other organisms and living as parasites.
Protogothic script encompasses the transition from Caroline Minuscule to Gothic Minuscule.
Protogynous hermaphrodites are most often haremic fish.
Protogynous hermaphrodites have populations in which every individual starts out life as a female.
Proton events take places.
Most proton storms take at least two hours from the time of visual detection to reach Earth's orbit.
A proton is a nucleon
Proton isa nucleon.
Protons abstracted by bases are labile and exchange rapidly with solvent protons.
Protons appear to be more complex, allowing a wide range of types of interaction.
Protons are a positively charged mass that is present in the nucleus which is the core of the atom.
Protons are always better.
Protons are always very popular with customers.
Protons are an essential and apparently stable build ing block of matter.
Protons are baryons, formed by two up and one down quark.
Protons are better for larger and more complicated shaped abnormalities of the brain.
Protons are companies.
Protons are corpuscles constituted in some unknown way and exhibiting a positive sign.
Protons are elementary particles that are a component of all atoms.
Protons are fixed in place and incapable of moving in any electrostatic experiment.
Protons are found in the nucleus of the atom.
Protons are heavier and take up less space.
Protons are heavy particles made of three quarks .
Protons are in atoms and the give a positive charge.
Protons are known as baryons , which means that they are made of exactly three quarks .
Protons are known as baryons, which means that they are made of exactly three quarks.
Protons are made of other particles called quarks.
Protons are made of quarks .
Protons are made of quarks.
Protons are made of quarks.
Protons are mass which move across the osmotic gradient.
Protons are more 'complex' than their individual constituents.
Protons are more massive than neutrons.
Protons are more massive than photons or electrons, and so scatter less as they pass through tissue.
Protons are now back in business.
Protons are nucleons.
Protons are often the particles accelerated, because of their small mass and relative stability.
Protons are part of atoms.
Protons are part of nucleuses.
Protons are parts of atoms with a positive charge .
Protons are parts of atoms with a positive charge.
Protons are positive .
Protons are positive and electrically repel one another.
Protons are relatively massive particles which carry a positive electrical charge.
Protons are rockets.
Protons are small and therefore hard.
Protons are subatomic particles with a positive electrical charge.
Protons are subatomic, positively charged particles, found in the nuclei of atoms.
Protons are the positively charged particles found in the center of all atoms.
Protons bear a positive electric charge.
Protons build up between the inner and outer membranes of the mitochondria.
Protons carry a positive charge, electrons have a negative charge, and neutrons are uncharged.
Protons carry a positive charge, neutrons carry no charge, and electrons carry a negative charge.
Protons carry a positive electric charge .
Protons carry positive charge, but neutrons are neutral, carrying no charge.
Protons contain two up quarks and one down quark.
Protons contribute more to an atoms mass.
Protons decay into electrons, positrons, to neutrinos.
Protons deposit almost all of their radiation dose near the end of their tracks, where they stop.
Protons deposit their energy near the end of their path and have little lateral scatter.
Protons deposit their radiation dose differently.
Protons drift westward and electrons, eastward.
Protons form part of the atom's nucleus, around which negative electrons revolve.
Protons give the nucleus of atoms their charge and are one of the basic building blocks of atoms.
Protons have (part) sections.
Protons have a positive charge .
Protons have a positive charge and determine the chemical element.
Protons have a positive charge and electrons a negative charge.
Protons have a positive charge that is balanced by the negatively charged electrons.
Protons have a positive charge, neutrons have no charge and electrons have a negative charge.
Protons have a positive charge.
Protons have a positive electric charge while neutrons have no charge.
Protons have a positive electric charge.
Protons have a positive electrical charge and electrons a negative charge.
Protons have a positive electrical charge while neutrons have none.
Protons have a positive electrical charge, and electrons have a negative charge.
Protons have a positive electrical charge, and neutrons have no electrical charge.
Protons have a positive electrical charge.
Protons have a single positive charge.
Protons have antiprotons.
Protons have electrical charge.
Protons have one down, and neutrons have two.
Protons have positive charge.
Protons have positive charges while electrons have negative charges.
Protons have positive charges, and electrons negative ones.
Protons have the same charge as electrons, only positive.
Protons have two ups and a down.
Protons have two ups, and neutrons have one.
Protons only have two positive attachment points.
Protons play a major role in respiration and many enzymatic reactions.
Protons produce an electric field across the photosynthetic membrane.
Protons quickly become neutralized as they combine with electrons.
Protons release most of their energy when they stop.
Protons repel each other in the same way.
Protons repel each other.
Protons repel electrons because they have the same charge.
Protons return through the membrane by way of a channel protein.
Protons typically sell for half the price of import equivalents.
All protons are identical.
All protons have the same charge, and all neutrons are neutral.
Every proton always has an electron around it and every neutron is powerless.
Every proton carries a definite positive electric charge, whereas neutrons are neutral.
More protons push the equilibrium to the right.
Protonic conduction plays a major role in biological charge transfer processes across membranes.
Protoplanetary disks are common.
Protoplanetary disks are present in both nebulae.
A protoplasm is a substance
Protoplasm are complex colloidal living substances of plant and animal cells.
Protoplasm contains only com- mon, inexpensive elements.
Protoplasm is also absent.
Protoplasm is always a mixture.
Protoplasm is subject to all the physical laws of fluids.
Protoplasm refers to all the substances that make up the living contents of a cell.
Protoplasmic activity depends of chemical activity onabundantwater.
Most protoplasmic colloids belong to a category known as cmulsoids.
Protoplasmic residue covers the secondary and hydrolyzed primary wall.
A protoplast is a body part
Protoplast swelling only occurs in the prescence of red light and calcium.
Protoplasts are a useful tool for genetical and physiological studies on filamentous fungi.
Protoplasts are always spherical, but walled cells are different in shape and size.
Protoplasts are plant cells freed of their cell wall by enzymatic digestion.
Protoplasts are single cells which have been stripped of their cell walls by enzymatic treatment.
Protoplasts are small, undifferentiated, immature plastids in meristematic cells.
Protoplasts can regenerate into complete plants.
Protoplasts lack a nucleus, ribosomes and a distinct vacuole.
Protoplasts regenerate in hypertonic medium containing sorbitol as an osmotic stabilizer.
Protoplasts tend to fuse with eachother, that leads to somatic hybridization .
Protoss units are costly in terms of resources, but tough as nails.
Protostome animals exhibit spiral determinate cleavage, with the blastopore becoming the mouth.
All protostome animals are coelomate.
All protostome animals are invertebrates.
All protostome animals are worm-like.
Prototype cars can cost millions to build.
Prototype cars made of wood are underway as laser-cut wood kits.
Prototype theory is inadequate.
Prototype theory makes a crucial distinction between central and peripheral sense of words.
A prototype is an example
Prototype belongs to the creational patterns.
Prototype changes to the user interface.
Prototype controls for a plain radiography workstation.
Prototype dies with interchangeable tooling to produce and test various fin configurations.
Prototype has characteristic values on all the features .
Prototype is in the works.
Prototype is still under construction.
Prototype shows electronic paper potential Electronic ink made a big splash a few years ago.
Prototypes abound but products are rare.
Prototypes allow designers to examine alternate approaches and simplify the product.
Prototypes also provide data on how much an agency can expect to save by installing a system.
Prototypes are already in operation in almost all of our climate zones.
Prototypes are already in the works.
Prototypes are an excellent way to give users a concrete understanding of what they're buying.
Prototypes are available in as little as four weeks following design approval.
Prototypes are available in as little as three weeks after approval of a design.
Prototypes are available in five days.
Prototypes are available now.
Prototypes are available on request.
Prototypes are available quickly with design changes made easily.
Prototypes are available upon request.
Prototypes are available within two weeks and production quantities are available within four weeks.
Prototypes are available within two weeks.
Prototypes are available, and considerable interest has been shown from the Far East.
Prototypes are available.
Prototypes are companies.
Prototypes are due any time now, and volume in the second half.
Prototypes are far more expensive than regular cars.
Prototypes are fragile, throw- away code.
Prototypes are fragile.
Prototypes are fully operational for actual testing often within one to six weeks.
Prototypes are helpful.
Prototypes are important when there are multiple participants involved in developing a taxonomy.
Prototypes are in beta, and discussions are underway with equipment vendors.
Prototypes are in test with major U.S. auto manufacturers.
Prototypes are in testing, although no product has yet entered the market.
Prototypes are located in japans.
Prototypes are models.
Prototypes are now available to qualified beta testers for evaluation purposes.
Prototypes are particularly desirable.
Prototypes are product models that are used to represent, test, and iterate current design concepts.
Prototypes are the final phase before creating an inventory.
Prototypes are the most representative example of a concept.
Prototypes are thoroughly flight tested and evaluated before designs are finalized.
Prototypes are under way, but more funding is needed.
Prototypes are useful for both pre-production sales presentations and styling evaluations.
Prototypes are very helpful during the design process.
Prototypes are video games.
Prototypes are welcome here as part of our everyday production plan.
Prototypes can be expensive.
Prototypes can be highly valuable tools.
Prototypes can be simple or complex.
Prototypes can come in several flavors.
Prototypes can reveal a great deal about the political struggles that lie ahead.
Prototypes can sniff out landmines, bacteria, chemicals and grains.
Prototypes define a set of defaults for an object instance.
Prototypes define the function call interface.
Prototypes do differ from production vehicles sometimes.
Prototypes exist in Sweden, USA, and Canada.
Prototypes exist, but the development is at an early stage.
Prototypes follow the same behavior as documented in the perlsub manpage.
Prototypes go straight out onto the gallery floor to see how the public reacts.
Prototypes have many uses.
Prototypes illustrate the power and capabilities of data warehousing to the user community.
Prototypes implement the builtin-functionality of simulation objects.
Prototypes mirror the function definition, without function body.
Prototypes normally are to be completed within six months.
Prototypes range from a baby seat attachment for a power wheelchair to diaper finger loops.
Prototypes require expressing domain knowledge in a form that is interpretable by the computer.
Prototypes seem to be better at expressing knowledge about defaults.
Prototypes serve several purposes.
Prototypes still exist and are among the most valuable guns in history.
Prototypes vary based on locale and desires of the market.
Prototypes vary by project stage to provide cheap and coarse confirmation of project hypotheses.
Prototypes verify the final design.
Prototypes work very well.
All prototypes are operational and a final summary report and recommendations are in preparation.
Many prototypes already exist and provide access to the data of other genealogists.
Most prototypes use either hydrogen or methanol to drive the cells.
Some prototypes are nearly hands-free.
Some prototypes are used to find defects .
Some prototypes are used to find defects.
Some prototypical implementations make the concept clear.
Prototypical operation is desired, but at a relaxed pace and with a small number of people.
Prototyping are making.
Some protozoa form cysts that contain one or more infective forms.
Many protozoa enter the body via the digestive tract or cause their pathological effects in the gut.
Some protozoa also make long-term survival spores .
Some protozoa also make long-term survival spores.
Some protozoa can cause disease in humans.
Some protozoa can cause serious diseases, such as malaria or dysentery.
Some protozoa can produce a cyst, which provides protection during adverse environmental conditions.
Protozoal diseases affecting dogs include coccidiosis, giardia, leishmaniasis, and babesiosis.
Protozoal encephalitis is a disease that is also relatively common in otters.
Protozoan cysts are often present in surface waters.
Protozoan cysts have resistant walls.
Protozoan cysts have walls.
Most protozoan cysts have resistant walls.
Most protozoan cysts have walls.
Protozoan diseases are caused by parasites.
Protozoan diseases are common in stored-product insects.
Protozoan diseases range from very mild to life-threatening.
Most protozoan diseases are caused by parasites.
All protozoan forms are shown enlarged and somewhat diagrammatically.
Protozoan infections occur when a cat comes into contact with a protozoan parasite.
Some protozoan infection causes acute syndromes.
Some protozoan infection causes disease syndromes.
Some protozoan infection causes syndromes.
Protozoan parasites are also ubiquitous.
Protozoan parasites can multiply within the host.
Protozoan parasites cause diseases.
Protozoan parasites cause infection.
Protozoan parasites cause intestinal infection.
Most protozoan parasites cause diseases.
Most protozoan parasites cause infection.
Most protozoan parasites cause intestinal infection.
Some protozoan parasites cause lack.
Some protozoan parasites cause malaria.
Some protozoan parasites have different forms during their life cycle.
Some protozoan parasites infect humans.
Protozoan pathogen causes diseases.
Most protozoan pathogen causes diseases.
Protozoan isa microorganism.
Protozoans affect animals.
Protozoans are a diverse group of organisms.
Protozoans are a group of eukaryotic single-celled organisms.
Protozoans are all single-celled and heterotrophic.
Protozoans are among the most versatile of all organisms on earth.
Protozoans are autotrophic, and algae are heterotrophic.
Protozoans are complete, single celled organisms.
Protozoans are eukaryotic cells .
Protozoans are eukaryotic cells.
Protozoans are generally lightly-colored, flexible, motile, heterotrophic cells.
Protozoans are heterotrophic protists.
Protozoans are heterotrophic.
Protozoans are microscopic one-celled animals, most of which are harmless.
Protozoans are phylums.
Protozoans are single celled organisms that sometimes have complex life cycles.
Protozoans are single celled with no cell walls or chlorophyll.
Protozoans are single-cell, heterotrophic eukaryotes.
Protozoans are single-celled organisms that have nuclei and act somewhat like animals.
Protozoans are somatic cells.
Protozoans are the nnost aninnal-like of the protists.
Protozoans are unicellular animals that are motile.
Protozoans are unicellular organisms that have a true nucleus.
Protozoans are unicellular, and can be classified on how they move and live.
Protozoans are unicellular, heterotrophic organisms.
Protozoans can exist almost everywhere including water, soil, and inside animals or plants.
Protozoans can produce haploid gametes that fuse through syngamy.
Protozoans can use flagella, cilia, or pseudopods to move.
Protozoans cause diseases.
Protozoans cause spot diseases.
Protozoans cause white spot diseases.
Protozoans contain nitrogen.
Protozoans digest food within food vacuoles.
Protozoans feed on food particles.
Protozoans feed on large food particles.
Protozoans feed on large particles.
Protozoans feed on other organisms but also use chlorophyll, so some are a major relative of plants.
Protozoans feed on particles.
Protozoans find in clear water.
Protozoans find in water.
Protozoans form cysts when it becomes too cold or too dry.
Protozoans furnish a large amount of food to the higher animals.
Protozoans have (part) cell membranes.
Protozoans have (part) cells.
Protozoans have (part) corpi.
Protozoans have (part) cytoplasm.
Protozoans have (part) lips.
Protozoans have (part) mouths.
Protozoans have (part) nuclei.
Protozoans have (part) plasma membranes.
Protozoans have (part) sections.
Protozoans have (part) vacuoles.
Protozoans have a variety of reproductive mechanisms.
Protozoans have a variety of unique organelles and sometimes lack organelles found in other cells.
Protozoans have an impact on people in several ways.
Protozoans have internal shells that they produce.
Protozoans have several special features.
Protozoans inhabit a wide variety of habitats, both aquatic and terrestrial.
Protozoans inhabit human intestines.
Protozoans inhabit intestines.
Protozoans invade mantle tissue.
Protozoans invade tissue.
Protozoans live in environments that vary from soil to the bodies of other organisms.
Protozoans live in environments.
Protozoans live in moist environments.
Protozoans move toward moderate light and temperature and food.
Protozoans pose a hazard primarily in areas lacking sanitary conditions.
Protozoans reproduce by budding, splitting, or forming spores.
Protozoans reproduce by splitting into two identical daughter cells like bacteria or algae.
Protozoans reproduce sexually and asexually.
Protozoans require a moist environment.
Protozoans show mainly two modes of life, free living and parasitic.
Protozoans use either dissolved food molecules or small organisms for food.
Protozoans usually live near sources of water.
All protozoans are heterotrophs and live as predators or parasites.
All protozoans get food from their environments.
Many protozoans are obligate parasites with complex life cycles involving several organisms.
Many protozoans have a wide host range.
Many protozoans move about by means of appendages known as cilia or flagella.
Many protozoans reproduce both asexually and sexually during their lifetime.
Most protozoan can move.
Most protozoans affect animals.
Most protozoans are aquatic chemoorganotrophs.
Most protozoans are heterotrophs oxidizing inorganic compounds.
Most protozoans are heterotrophs, whereas others are autotrophs.
Most protozoans cause diseases.
Most protozoans cause spot diseases.
Most protozoans cause white spot diseases.
Most protozoans contain nitrogen.
Most protozoans feed on food particles.
Most protozoans feed on large food particles.
Most protozoans feed on large particles.
Most protozoans feed on particles.
Most protozoans find in clear water.
Most protozoans find in water.
Most protozoans inhabit human intestines.
Most protozoans inhabit intestines.
Most protozoans invade mantle tissue.
Most protozoans invade tissue.
Most protozoans live in environments.
Some protozoans also reproduce by budding.
Some protozoans are harmful to man as they can cause serious diseases.
Some protozoans are so small that they parasitise the cells of the host they inhabit.
Some protozoans are transmitted to humans.
Some protozoans break down wood.
Some protozoans cause diarrhea.
Some protozoans cause giardiasises.
Some protozoans cause health problems.
Some protozoans cause infection.
Some protozoans cause lung infection.
Some protozoans cause malaria.
Some protozoans cause problems.
Some protozoans cause serious health problems.
Some protozoans cause serious problems.
Some protozoans cause sickness.
Some protozoans cause sleep sickness.
Some protozoans cause tract infection.
Some protozoans find in ponds.
Some protozoans have chemicals.
Some protozoans have contractile vacuoles.
Some protozoans have enormous potential.
Some protozoans have enormous reproductive potential.
Some protozoans have flagella.
Some protozoans have little or no locomotory activity, such as the apicomplexans.
Some protozoans have long flagella.
Some protozoans have no means of movement.
Some protozoans have phases.
Some protozoans have potential.
Some protozoans have reproductive potential.
Some protozoans have types.
Some protozoans have vacuoles.
Some protozoans help cellulose.
Some protozoans infect cats.
Some protozoans infect children.
Some protozoans infect dogs.
Some protozoans infect humans.
Some protozoans live in intestines.
Some protozoans live in stomachs.
Some protozoans move by means of one or more flagella.
Some protozoans produce enzymes.
Some protozoans produce infective spores.
Some protozoans produce spores.
Some protozoans reproduce sexually as well.
A protraction is length
Protraction is anterior movement of the lateral end of the clavicle.
Protraction is checked by the costoclavicular ligament and the anterior SC ligament.
Protraction is the action of moving a body part One answer only.
A protractor is an instrument
Protractor isa instrument.
Protractors have (part) sections.
Most protractors are one half of a circle like the one below.
A protriptyline is an antidepressant drug
Protriptyline crosses the placenta.
Protriptyline is available as tablets for oral administration.
Protriptyline is excreted in human milk.
Protriptyline is in a class of drugs called tricyclic antidepressants.
Protriptylines are drugs.
Protriptylines are tricyclic.
Protruberant eyes revolve and appear very alert to the smallest movement.
Protrude eyes detect movement.
Protrude tongues have mucuses.
Protrude tongues have sticky mucuses.
Most protrude tongues have mucuses.
Most protrude tongues have sticky mucuses.
Protrusion is an action
Protrusions indicate that the cancer has spread to the liver.
Any protrusion is relatively a male force.
Protrusive profiles are extremely common on young children because of their small noses and chins.
Protuberance isa shape.
Protuberances are found before each of the abdominal scent glands on the dorsal surface.
Protuberant ears is a genetic deformity and ranges in severity.
A proturan is an insect
Proturans are insects.
Proturans are tiny wingless insects that live in moist situations such as leaf litter.
Proturans have small appendages ventral on the first three abdominal segments.
All proturans have five distinct stages.
Proud captains receive their just rewards.
Proud citizens make proud employees.
Proud fisherman shows off a bonefish.
Proud flesh can prevent skin cells from covering the wound thus thwarting proper healing.
Proud flesh is an excessive growth of granulation tissue that has the appearance of cauliflower.
Proud flesh is false healing.
Proud flesh is granulation tissue
Proud flesh is granulation.
Proud flesh occurs when the healing process goes crazy.
Proud men attempt to forge and manufacture a righteousness out of the merits of good works.
Proud men end in shame, but the meek become wise.
Proud men hate pride in others.
Proud men hold babies, and colourfully dressed women offer food gifts to the gods.
Every proud man is false, and every false man is a liar.
Proud owners have ideas.
Most proud owners have ideas.
Most proud owners place crafts and other items on the top of the stoves for added decoration.
Proud parents bring a newborn to the front of the church auditorium.
Proud parents dab at tears and pledge all successive generations to dance lessons.
Proud parents like to call attention to their offspring.
Proud parents line the library walls and listen to the competition.
Proud parents photograph their babies.
Proud parents support their children at home as well as in the classroom.
Proud parents tend to see the best in their kids.
Proud people breed sad sorrows for themselves.
Proud people have a drive to be recognized, to be appreciated.
Proud people take themselves very seriously, and heretics are usually very proud people.
Proud people tend to stop learning.
Proud restaurants let waiters try it all and make knowledgeable recommendations.
Proud self creates unbelief.
Proud victors show off the hardware.
Proud winners show off their medals and trophy.
Provable fact is, after all, the backbone of real science.
Prove leaders display knowledge.
Prove leaders display technical knowledge.
Proved programs correctness.
Proved reserves are the highest valued category.
Proven system includes specific verbiage and presentation.
A provenance is a source
Provenance assumes that organizations and records are essentially static.
Provenance can be hard to prove.
Provenance can significantly impact the value of an object.
Provenance counts in the marketplace.
Provenance increases value only when it can be proven.
Provenance separates the special, almost sacred objects of the past from the ordinary ones.
Provenance varies and is indicated for each item within folder contents.
Many provenances continue to display marked lacunae.
Most provenances also show good growth on podzolic soils.
Provencal cooking uses many herbs and spices which give all the dishes their typical flavour.
Provencal cuisine is pure Mediterranean peasant food.
A provenience is a source
Provenience is an archaeological term for where an object is found.
Provenience is an extremely important category in the database.
Provenience is Everything - Protect It.
Provenience is important because it gives people a history on the object - where it was on the site.
Proventricular worms are most often a problem in pigeon lofts.
A proverb is expression
Proverbs also play a large part in all three books.
Proverbs Answer each of the following questions according to the indicated verse.
Proverbs are a collection of old, likely oral, Hebrew saying.
Proverbs are an important element in Chinese language and literature.
Proverbs are an important part of our oral traditions.
Proverbs are basically pithy expressions of supposed truth with a moral lesson at the core.
Proverbs are controversial by nature because they are linked to inequities within the social fabric.
Proverbs are general truths stated in general terms.
Proverbs are information.
Proverbs are like butterflies, some are caught, some fly away.
Proverbs are like gospel teachings.
Proverbs are more like a language of thought.
Proverbs are old but familiar sayings that usually give advice.
Proverbs are sayings.
Proverbs are short sayings in frequent and widespread use that express a basic truth.
Proverbs are short sayings with a message that teaches a lesson.
Proverbs are short sentences drawn from long experience.
Proverbs are short, sayings.
Proverbs are short, wise sayings.
Proverbs are statements in frequent use which express well known truths or facts.
Proverbs are the distilled genius of oral cultures, perhaps even an encapsulation of the whole.
Proverbs are the literature of reason, or the statements of absolute truth, without qualification.
Proverbs are the original field guides to life.
Proverbs are the sanctuary of the intuitions.
Proverbs are useful because they can be applied to many situations.
Proverbs are wise sayings that help teach lessons.
Proverbs are, as the well-worn proverbial phrase goes, as old as the hills.
Proverbs can be especially insightful.
Proverbs can encourage much longer writing, such as opinion statements or modern fables.
Proverbs chapter seven, verse six continues the same thought.
Proverbs clearly shows the link between rebuke and spiritual growth.
Proverbs Click the answer button to see the answer.
Proverbs contain within one or two lines the lessons of lifetime.
Proverbs contains two examples - the same sentence repeated.
Proverbs contradict each other.
Proverbs describes different kinds of fool.
Proverbs distill common experience into a compact and memorable formula.
Proverbs does feed the spirit, and sumptuously.
Proverbs has much wisdom for spiritual and daily life.
Proverbs have many uses in African societies.
Proverbs is a collection of short wise sayings.
Proverbs is a compilation of ancient wisdom about life.
Proverbs is a great book on the renewing of our minds in our daily walk.
Proverbs is also a delightful look into wisdom for daily survival.
Proverbs is big on attitude.
Proverbs is part of a much larger project.
Proverbs is the direction book for the wise life.
Proverbs is unlike most of the rest of the bible.
Proverbs Live and let live.
Proverbs means short popular saying, long current, embodying some familiar truth.
Proverbs occur in every culture as a means of communicating values and principles.
Proverbs pertaining to the actions of birds and animals are of little value.
Proverbs play a very important role in everyday speech.
Proverbs play an important linguistic role.
Proverbs portrays parents as the ones who command and set down the law for the child.
Proverbs promise to protect and reward the wise man.
Proverbs provide insight into the values, culture, concerns, and heritage of a people.
Proverbs provide vivid imagery to teach one a life's lesson.
Proverbs provides moral instruction and teaches people to apply divine wisdom to daily life.
Proverbs pushes the point.
Proverbs rely on figurative language such as metaphor, simile, alliteration, or rhyme.
Proverbs seek to chart 'type' situations.
Proverbs speaks of lying as an abomination.
Proverbs suggest alternatives.
Proverbs supplement the school's creed and are pasted on walls everywhere.
Proverbs talks about a good name as more valuable than precious stones or silver.
Proverbs teaches that one's attitude toward biblical reproof exposes the condition of the heart.
Proverbs urges corporal punishment for Fools as well as children.
All proverbs are idioms.
All proverbs are sayings.
Many proverbs deal with the family, with particular emphasis on women.
More proverbs are welcome.
Some proverbs say so much in very few words.
Some proverbial sayings have a very long history indeed.
Provide students help students.
Providence Canyon is the largest canyon east of the Mississippi.
Providence City is served by five school districts.
Providence Park is big on education, rock climbing and rappelling.
Providence bills each family monthly.
Providence comes into tonight's game struggling on the power play.
Providence invests mainly in telecommunications and media companies.
Providence is always purposive.
Providence is care.
Providence is charge
Providence is fortune.
Providence is prudence.
Providence leaves nothing to go by chance.
Providence moves too.
Providence prides itself on having the finest, most dedicated coaching staff in the state.
Providence reaches fishes well all year round but exceptional during late autumn and early spring.
Providence shines clearly through the work of the gods.
Providence thus acts daily.
All providence works for our good.
Provident funds are also more flexible than pensions.
Provident funds are much bigger in Thailand.
Provident habits have to be acquired.
Providential change is so great.
Provider referrals are always available.
A provider is a capitalist
Provider agrees to keep the recipient as a patient until another provider is assigned.
Provider agrees to provide a secure site where confidentiality is protected.
Provider also collects important information for Domainz in order to list the name on the Internet.
Provider also makes no warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
Provider assumes no liability in connection with third party sales and services.
Provider assures medical management.
Provider based addresses tend to work until a customer changes providers.
Provider calculates and applies discount.
Provider calls in with information and enrolls patient.
Provider can select more than one choice from list.
Provider deletes the e-mail.
Provider delivers prescriptions and patient education handouts.
Provider encourages client to include domain name on business cards, stationery, advertising, etc.
Provider enters exam room.
Provider formally recognizes staff quality excellence.
Provider gives advice on what is best linked to provider's preferences and targets.
Provider has no ability or authority over the material.
Provider has no historical family information about any of the photos.
Provider has no obligation to monitor the service.
Provider has no responsibility and assumes no liability for such acts or occurrence.
Provider has no responsibility and assumes no liability for such acts or occurrences.
Provider has the right to erase all files upon termination of service.
Provider has the right to remove or reject any material it considers inappropriate for any reason.
Provider includes physicians, suppliers, etc.
Provider is available on a controlled circulation basis to qualified long term care professionals.
Provider is encouraged.
Provider is ineligible for independent contractor status.
Provider is mama duck.
Provider is no longer available.
Provider maintains consumer information sheets on health issues related to the service or practice.
Provider maintains sole responsibility for data backups and restoration.
Provider makes no warranties of any kind, whether expressed or implied, for the service it provides.
Provider means a practitioner, facility, or other organization providing health care services.
Provider means an entity or individual that provides a batterers' intervention programs.
Provider needs assessment to identify training needs and establish comprehensive training component.
Provider offers generous amounts of disk space, and network bandwidth.
Provider offers library resources for an additional charge.
Provider offers online help for students with library resources.
Provider offers readers and advertisers complete coverage of the changing long term care market.
Provider offers readers pragmatic, hands-on guidance offered by nationally recognized experts.
Provider offers terms and conditions under which resource can be accessed.
Provider owns land and facilities.
Provider pleads no contest to felony elder neglect charges.
Provider practices participatory decision-making with consumers.
Provider prohibits the posting of messages under false names for the purpose of impersonation.
Provider requests for payment.
Provider requests payment for access to resource.
Provider reserves the right to charge a monthly billing charge related to the billing method.
Provider reserves the right to charge a reinstatement fee following service interruption.
Provider reserves the right to cooperate with any and all law enforcement agencies.
Provider reserves the right to decline advertising it deems inappropriate.
Provider reserves the right to decline any FAQ which it deems inappropriate.
Provider reserves the right to periodically change access information.
Provider reserves the right to refuse service to the client without providing reason or cause.
Provider reserves the right to substitute handsets.
Provider reserves the right to suspend or terminate service at any time.
Provider reserves the right to terminate any account at any time with or without cause or reason.
Provider resides at a different residence from the family that they provide care for.
Provider ventures that wield excessive market clout are at the mercy of federal antitrust officials.
Provider visits per day.
Provider warrants that the work is as described in the purchase order.
Provider wins after showing piano books and other records.
Provider wins case.
Providers accepting payment on any other basis lose business and professional licenses.
Providers adhere to appropriate procedures for vaccine management .
Providers agree to file claims.
Providers also advise about mountaineering and high altitude issues.
Providers also can assess whether the pill is still medically appropriate for continuing clients.
Providers also can see what residents can offer to each other.
Providers also collect links.
Providers also dislike the commitment process.
Providers also have less incentive to provide states with accurate and timely data.
Providers also have security concerns.
Providers also know firsthand the high costs of providing quality care.
Providers also receive free newsletters, directories, children's books, and other resources.
Providers also track the percentage of problems that require multiple calls.
Providers also worry what kind of environment they're sending kids back to.
Providers answer a series of questions and receive an immediate response.
Providers appear to be in favor of the changes.
Providers appreciate the ease of use.
Providers are able to make three eligibility inquiries per call.
Providers are able to make up to eight inquiries per call.
Providers are afraid of offending the patient.
Providers are also patient advocates.
Providers are apt to set up the slide or put out the tricycles and then stand by and watch.
Providers are at full financial risk for the services capitated.
Providers are at full financial risk for the services that are capitated.
Providers are available for children with special needs.
Providers are aware that patients with psycho-social problems require additional time.
Providers are benefactors.
Providers are companies or other organisations which offer work experience placements.
Providers are county health departments and private dentists and physicians.
Providers are far more adept today at disguising their fraudulent billings.
Providers are firms that look after the connections between a PC at home and the actual Internet.
Providers are firms who supply access, data, and other services to the user.
Providers are here, and a complete set of companies and institutions.
Providers are individuals or persons designated by their units.
Providers are more likely to have such expenses as children's college tuition and wedding expenses.
Providers are often over worked, underpaid, and devalued by society.
Providers are reluctant to invest in the copper infrastructure.
Providers are responsible for collection of co-pays.
Providers are responsible for designing, completing , and disseminating all certificates.
Providers are responsible for filing all taxes and social security and paying any fees due.
Providers are responsible for medical advice and treatment of patients.
Providers are responsible for paying taxes on their income at the end of the year.
Providers are responsible for the accuracy of all data submitted via electronic claims.
Providers are responsible for the proper supervision of the children in their care at all times.
Providers are responsible for their own program promotions.
Providers are searchable by location, name or area of expertise.
Providers are sensitive and experienced sexual minority women clinicians.
Providers are subject to change without notice.
Providers are the implementation of a driver to enable Consumers to access the data.
Providers are to follow the patient's advanced directive.
Providers are to furnish special menus to meet particular dietary needs of the elderly.
Providers are to photocopy the acknowledgement form for future use.
Providers are to report line-item dates of service per revenue code line.
Providers are to submit concise, quality, objective documentation and restrict subjective quantity.
Providers are unfamiliar with treatment options for problems that arise.
Providers are very enthusiastic about the application.
Providers are welcome to submit or update their information.
Providers assume a greater portion of financial and service risk in most capitated systems.
Providers assume all responsibility to collect payment for services rendered.
Providers become multiple with programs defined by learners rather than by providers.
Providers become partners in health.
Providers being surveyed are acupuncturists, chiropractors, massage therapists and naturopaths.
Providers Below are the most recommended free website providers.
Providers benefit by increasing their knowledge and compensation.
Providers benefit from feedback .
Providers benefit through better prices and lower procurement costs.
Providers bill our office, using forms provided, either once or twice a month.
Providers bundle their services in order to enhance value and hold customers.
Providers buy policies for their own account.
Providers can access their own profiles from a secure web browser.
Providers can add events for free.
Providers can advance their system by beginning now to prepare their human resource files.
Providers can also depreciate their car if they use the Actual Car Expense Method.
Providers can also market their services directly to drug testing labs.
Providers can ask questions to find out about a woman's patterns of sexual behavior.
Providers can be good role models, too.
Providers can benefit by saving time, and avoiding unnecessary costs.
Providers can call the same toll-free telephone number any time of the day or night.
Providers can change their pin.
Providers can correct claims interactively and determine a claim's status and payment amount.
Providers can counsel well by being aware of men's concerns.
Providers can create and customize attractive messaging services for the business.
Providers can develop their own codes for the different diagnoses.
Providers can document signs of abuse in the client's medical record.
Providers can earn two clock hours of credit for their participation.
Providers can find sample paperwork as well as our contract and other forms.
Providers can form alliances or networks in order to cut costs with economies of scale.
Providers can get training on the Web or find out how to order educational materials.
Providers can help children see that dentists are helpers.
Providers can help parents by sharing developmental signs of readiness.
Providers can immediately implement what they have gained.
Providers can improve customer service by facilitating corrections to listings.
Providers can keep busy doing that for which they are most appreciated and best paid.
Providers can limit the number of patients they see to just a few or even one patient.
Providers can lose their jobs and face significant lawsuits if implicated.
Providers can make their content available to Palm VIIx users using standard Web authoring tools.
Providers can manage the machine directly.
Providers can market network and application services in incremental bundles.
Providers can now offer group rates and discounts for off-peak air time more easily.
Providers can now utilize an informal process to dispute the findings of their state survey.
Providers can observe certain fetal heart rate decelerations which indicate cord problems.
Providers can obtain many benefits by contracting with the right billing companies for services.
Providers can obtain support services to promote quality care.
Providers can offer chat rooms free for their users, with advertisers paying for the service.
Providers can offer some or all of the following services to their members.
Providers can perform both functions, the software and hardware needed is identical.
Providers can place a single order for flu vaccine for the entire season.
Providers can print a form to complete to be included on the website and hotline.
Providers can process laboratory orders online, real time.
Providers can publish and maintain their dataset, which consumers can access and pay for their use.
Providers can purchase the package either outright or on a per-transaction basis.
Providers can read a child day care related book and write a brief report.
Providers can receive exceptions to the departmental established fee with support of their county.
Providers can run voice, data, and video services over a single protocol infrastructure.
Providers can secure referral authorizations and submit invoices.
Providers can spend more time helping others.
Providers can submit claims at any time during a cycle.
Providers can submit referrals, check patient eligibility, and pre-register patients.
Providers can then use it to plan, deploy, run and manage customer VPNs.
Providers can then use the information to devise tests of change.
Providers can track encounters to determine if utilization and outcome are optimal and appropriate.
Providers can update and change the device without end-user intervention.
Providers can update their profiles directly in the database.
Providers can use the site to access, submit and transmit many forms of member information.
Providers change frequently in the life of the client with the family providing the only continuity.
Providers charge a minimal monthly fee for the service.
Providers charge each student a fee for the program.
Providers charge varying rates for access.
Providers claim the D.A.'s office too often fails to prosecute or is too lenient with offenders.
Providers classify their accommodation by keypad responses detailing size, area, availability etc.
Providers closely watch for signs of a blood clot, stroke, or neurological problems.
Providers consistently underestimate women's interest in information about pregnancy.
Providers continually seek ways to cut costs without cutting services.
Providers continue to control who they see in their practice.
Providers depend on access to the state-controlled networks.
Providers determine their usual and customary charges.
Providers develop a network of colleagues with whom to share ideas, questions, and solutions.
Providers display and advertise their ratings.
Providers do have an impact.
Providers educate parents and guardians about immunization in general terms.
Providers enable communication between the server or client.
Providers encounter generational obstacles.
Providers enroll their patients in the program for an initial three-month period.
Providers exist with solutions that are free or inexpensive.
Providers fall into two major groups.
Providers fax phone number.
Providers fear there's more to come.
Providers feel proud to hang the accreditation certificate on their wall.
Providers feel that DSHS keeps asking for more and more.
Providers feel the invoice form is easy to use and they are getting payments quicker.
Providers feel the pressure to deliver better quality at a lower price.
Providers feel the rules are too burdensome.
Providers file claims for Senior Blue members, eliminating a lot of time and unnecessary effort.
Providers file the claims with no balance billing to members.
Providers fill out the assessment form with pediatric clients.
Providers find their work more rewarding.
Providers fit guidelines to their mission and state regulations.
Providers follow only true contraindications .
Providers forget the difference at their peril.
Providers fundamentally affect accessibility by moving, replacing, or deleting resources over time.
Providers gain insight from hundreds of their peers current candid experiences.
Providers generally reserve the right to inspect client files.
Providers habitually smile and talk in positive, animated tones.
Providers have a lot of knowledge to offer parents about good quality care.
Providers have a unique opportunity to help the victim.
Providers have access to high-quality patient care evidence at the point of care.
Providers have complete choice of fees and practice parameters, subject to competition.
Providers have different requirements for different stories.
Providers have direct control over their service plan listings, which they can edit in real time.
Providers have four years after enactment to comply.
Providers have location servers, which know about gateways within their own domains.
Providers have responsibility for maintaining quality instruction.
Providers have the ability to terminate their association with a plan.
Providers have the responsibility to ensure that they use resources wisely and effectively.
Providers have the right to make a living wage.
Providers have to let the consumer know just what their power source is.
Providers have to take account of cost-effectiveness in the delivery of health care.
Providers interviewing providers works extremely well.
Providers join as well as drop from the network.
Providers join or terminate from networks based on their own business decisions.
Providers keep busy doing what they do best - caring for patients.
Providers know now to look for signs and elicit information.
Providers know the limits placed on their services.
Providers know they're coming.
Providers link and list for free.
Providers maintain backup records which are available upon request.
Providers maintain control over all sensitive performance and proprietary system data.
Providers maintain information about their organization.
Providers meet with library staff and are made familiar with all the library's resources.
Providers now have and added responsibility to keep up with the newer, more educated customer.
Providers observe children and report side effects and allergic reactions.
Providers offering Internet access services enjoy a broad customer base.
Providers operate a tracking system .
Providers own the cure, the prevention, or the assistance to a client.
Providers participate through a nonprofit sponsor.
Providers pay a fee and submit an application.
Providers pay for their courses to be included in a searchable database.
Providers Pick a test, any test.
Providers place priority on calling patients with abnormal results.
Providers plan developmentally appropriate activities for the children in their care.
Providers raise administrative and accuracy concerns.
Providers range from museums to companies.
Providers receive a monthly stipend to cover their expenses and services they provide.
Providers receive incentives for avoiding such care, or punishments for approving it.
Providers receive intensive on-going training to ensure high standards of care are met.
Providers receive no benefits such as health insurance, retirement, paid vacations, or unemployment.
Providers receive ongoing education and training on current immunization recommendations.
Providers receive patient referrals, quality control and expedited bill payment.
Providers receive reimbursements for meals and snacks.
Providers receive supplements and testing supplies free of charge.
Providers recommend changes and the profile officer accomplishes the change.
Providers rely on inspectors for advice on programs, staff and building maintenance.
Providers renew their approval with the board at the same time that licensee's renew their licenses.
Providers report adverse events following immunization promptly, accurately and completely.
Providers report information about all of their clients in treatment on a specific reference day.
Providers report the amount of inventory on hand for a specific date.
Providers report the base rate ambulance trip in accordance with current billing requirements.
Providers report the number of doses administered during a specific time period.
Providers respect parents who show they care.
Providers review each patient's status prior to an office visit.
Providers routinely offer access to urban areas where demand is high enough to realize profits.
Providers save money while accessing enhancements and efficiencies in the program.
Providers say one of the key problems is the difficulty in attracting psychiatric workers.
Providers say the application is completely customizable.
Providers say they are working hard to meet their customers' demands.
Providers see the opportunity for improved services also.
Providers share information about techniques and procedures.
Providers simply pick up a supply at the same time that they retrieve their childhood vaccine order.
Providers stand the greatest chance for a favorable outcome if they appear in person for a hearing.
Providers submitting electronically can usually reduce their claim submission errors.
Providers support the native functionality of the data that they expose.
Providers then bill patients for the remainder of the bill that is their responsibility.
Providers then coach patients to manage their disease better and maintain good health.
Providers then increase prices to individuals and insurers to make up the difference.
Providers therefore prefer to have insolvent HMOs liquidate or reorganize under the Bankruptcy Code.
Providers think that access to contraception leads to promiscuity among adolescents and young women.
Providers train learners and staff in technology.
Providers try to discuss charges before ordering tests or treatment.
Providers typically charge a monthly fee and supply technical support and advice to customers.
Providers typically partner with one another to develop a program offer.
Providers typically recommend abstaining from intercourse until symptoms resolve.
Providers use accurate and complete recording procedures .
Providers utilize all clinical encounters to screen and, when indicated, immunize children.
Providers work with the family.
Providers worldwide have several problems in common.
Providers always appreciate when parents share good recipes.
Providers always have the right to appeal audit findings.
Providers frequently refer people to specialists who share their same philosophy and approach.
Providers often find themselves in the middle of a sometimes contradictory process.
Providers often get so caught up in building the business that they fail to build systems.
Providers often help patients shop for healthier foods.
Providers often post server information on site.
Providers sometimes limit the span of ages they care for.
Providers sometimes pass upgrading fees on to the consumers through higher rates.
Providers sometimes sell the kits through gas stations, convenience stores or their own outlets.
Providers usually learn the screens when their claims are rejected or reduced.
Providers usually receive compensation as a fixed amount per program member.
Providers usually reduce their claim errors when they submit claims electronically.
Providers usually solve the problem by using a combination of the two approaches.
Providers usually work on an annual fixed fee basis based on time and expense records they maintain.
All providers accept medical assistance.
All providers are eligible to participate in the registry.
All providers are independent contractors.
All providers are private, nonprofit developmental service agencies.
All providers are responsible for coordinating services to avoid duplicate billing.
All providers are responsible for ensuring courses are approved at time of offering.
All providers are welcome to attend.
All providers come down hard on anyone targeting children.
All providers do the same thing.
All providers document their notes on the same tool, thus increasing effective communication.
All providers have special qualifications in various areas of neurology.
All providers meet strict credentialing guidelines.
All providers offer at least one e-mail address.
All providers participate in established quality and utilization management programs.
All providers speak Spanish or have assistance from an interpreter.
All providers undergo a credentialing procedure prior to becoming part of the network.
All providers use ethical billing practices.
Any provider accepting the insurance can provide services.
Any provider can plan and implement a super field trip.
Every provider can document and verify community participation in program design.
Every provider is obliged to offer anonymous use and payment of services expressly.
Every provider is on the front page.
Every provider is out there struggling.
Every provider is required to conduct satisfaction surveys of the people they serve.
Many providers also have different off-peak and peak rates.
Many providers also monitor their users and collect data to better target their ads.
Many providers are accustomed to operating programs for children in a recreational environment.
Many providers are in the process of building networks now.
Many providers are uncomfortable with performing awake intubations and leave it as a last resort.
Many providers are volunteers or do it as a second, part-time job.
Many providers balk at paying for the privilege of agreeing to service levels.
Many providers can offer one or two elements of a solution.
Many providers charge extra for click through to the advertiser's web site.
Many providers charge late fees.
Many providers charge on gross sales.
Many providers consider the actual position of the secrets.
Many providers consider their training needs to be inadequately met, often due to lack of funds.
Many providers do that already.
Many providers enable access to all of their published titles via one site.
Many providers expect people to ask for references.
Many providers extol the value of 'taster courses' and feedback from individuals is often positive.
Many providers follow the common carrier model.
Many providers have a routine.
Many providers have a working spouse and thus a larger family income.
Many providers have roots in managing other aspects of the IT infrastructure.
Many providers have time limits during high traffic times on the internet.
Many providers have volume discounts over and above the published cost per minute.
Many providers list basic rates for various services.
Many providers make their money on lease agreements.
Many providers now offer free internet access with no start-up and no or low telephone costs.
Many providers now specialize in naturopathic treatments.
Many providers offer basic configuration management and remote-controlled firewalls.
Many providers offer learning and development services.
Many providers offer network design, consulting and systems integration services.
Many providers offer network diagrams for further scrutiny upon request.
Many providers offer redundancy within their own network.
Many providers offer services customized for each individual.
Many providers offer services only during weekdays.
Many providers offer special services, training, and consulting at little or no cost.
Many providers offer various locations for class attendance.
Many providers offer Web server space for their customers.
Many providers only charge annually for their services.
Many providers participate by waiving our co-pays, as well as sponsoring children.
Many providers recommend eight to twelve characters.
Many providers show a lack of interest in cancer and focus instead on birth control.
Many providers specify a one-year requirement in their service contracts.
Many providers specify an address for credit disputes.
Many providers specify an address for disputes.
Many providers still practice medicine based on the traditional male model of biology and disease.
Many providers use a classroom mode for educational interventions with groups of consumers.
Many providers work hard to become licensed or accredited.
Many providers worry that word of mouth can lead to misinformation.
Most providers allow phone calls to parents at least once a week, or any time in an emergency.
Most providers already audit a vast array of services and systems within the organization.
Most providers also charge a monthly fee or an annual fee for support, maintenance and data hosting.
Most providers also focus on only one mode of transportation.
Most providers also offer plans for small businesses.
Most providers are already in multiple networks.
Most providers are delighted to work in collaboration with a professional clinical referral source.
Most providers are flexible about the children they care for.
Most providers are willing to work out payment schedules that are beneficial to both parties.
Most providers attempt to remove spam from their feed.
Most providers believe in consumer empowerment.
Most providers can do an approximate distance trace from the switch using a telephone number.
Most providers charge a flat monthly fee for unlimited access to the Internet.
Most providers charge extra for bandwidth that exceeds a certain threshold.
Most providers charge on a per-box basis for email accounts.
Most providers depend on interconnection with their trading partners in order to do business.
Most providers disagree.
Most providers dont work.
Most providers have an API that allows code access to processing functions.
Most providers have an early termination penalty.
Most providers have little to no help at all in English.
Most providers have several POPs to allow low-cost access via telephone lines.
Most providers have so many duties and so many clients that time for counseling is limited.
Most providers have the day off.
Most providers now have gateways to route e-mail to Internet users.
Most providers now offer a fixed, flat-rate monthly price with unlimited online time.
Most providers offer a monthly fixed, flat rate with unlimited online time.
Most providers offer a monthly fixed, flat-rate with unlimited online time.
Most providers offer a monthly fixed, flat-rate with unlimted online time.
Most providers offer a trial period at the start of a course, usually a month.
Most providers offer comprehensive information, documentation and training.
Most providers offer eye examinations.
Most providers offer packages that, on the surface, sound about equal.
Most providers offer unlimited service for a set fee.
Most providers require password in plain text.
Most providers sell therapy with the first reason in mind.
Most providers submit claims electronically.
Most providers typically have a specialty, such as fleet, warehouse, or information management.
Most providers use a multitier fee structure.
Most providers use systems-generated billing where their computer automatically sends out the bill.
Some providers actually have contracts they are losing money on.
Some providers actually specialize in high-risk businesses.
Some providers administer split-doses of vaccine in an attempt to reduce adverse effects.
Some providers allow children free access to the art shelves.
Some providers allow parents to set controls, some programs operate as filters.
Some providers allow self-installation of the software and hardware as a lower cost alternative.
Some providers also give their users their own, usually defective, browsers.
Some providers also have a one time fee for unlimited usage during a year's time.
Some providers also offer associate programmes with local colleges of further education.
Some providers also offer burst bandwidth agreements.
Some providers also offer distributed caching as a service.
Some providers also offer more complex solutions.
Some providers also offer tiered pricing for different classes of service.
Some providers also pay a preparation fee for developing new courses.
Some providers also provide copywriting, installation, and ongoing support.
Some providers also sell assistive technology devices and products.
Some providers also try to do too much with the limited bandwidth they have.
Some providers also waive fees for such students, and other low-income groups, on other courses.
Some providers are active in policy-making on a state and national level.
Some providers are also able to submit claims electronically.
Some providers are capable of generating multiple channels based upon their configuration.
Some providers are local,others are regional, and still others are national.
Some providers are much more capable than others.
Some providers are overpaid, others are undercompensated.
Some providers are subject to more than one form of regulation.
Some providers blend online with traditional offline technologies.
Some providers can do a quick office examination of vaginal secretions.
Some providers charge a fee, some are free.
Some providers charge a setup fee.
Some providers charge according to the time of day access is used.
Some providers charge for domain transfer.
Some providers charge for high bandwidth usage to prevent their servers from being overloaded.
Some providers charge high prices for simple, low-cost services.
Some providers charge the families less for second or succeeding children in the same family.
Some providers claim a POP anywhere they deliver service.
Some providers claim one method is faster or more reliable, some claim the other.
Some providers claim that their practice style warrants a smaller panel size.
Some providers claim they reach everyone.
Some providers consider a review of how they use their resources to be intrusive.
Some providers cover costs for required equipment.
Some providers criticize the state for being inconsistent with inspections, especially of homes.
Some providers currently offer e-mail and Web access.
Some providers develop their own sites.
Some providers don t support all cursor types.
Some providers even point their customers to such sites to avoid paying royalties to Netscape.
Some providers expect to do better.
Some providers find it difficult to survive.
Some providers give a discount for more than one child.
Some providers give prices in local currency.
Some providers guarantee the uptime, but offer no compensation for failure.
Some providers have better computer equipment to provide a better service.
Some providers have different access numbers for different connection rates.
Some providers have local offices offering a service of consultation and, sometimes, engineering.
Some providers have more resources and expertise in designing web pages.
Some providers have no web site, some have web sites with little if any useful content.
Some providers have parents sign permission forms each time a trip is taken.
Some providers have special areas of expertise, such as environmental dispute resolution.
Some providers have standard procedures for parents visits.
Some providers impose prohibitions against copying for any purpose, regardless of fair use.
Some providers insist on more than one interview.
Some providers link directly to their online reservations system, while others link their home page.
Some providers make judgments based on their perception of a specific woman's situation.
Some providers make studio operation their major or sole focus for training.
Some providers make up the difference in income by having fundraisers.
Some providers offer a combination of the two.
Some providers offer a more structured environment, while others prefer less structure.
Some providers offer both analog and digital service to provide a wider coverage area.
Some providers offer both the regular conference call portion as well as the Web cast.
Some providers offer care in their homes, in addition to day care centers.
Some providers offer courses at least twice a month, including night and weekend trainings.
Some providers offer differentiated services, but they are relative measures.
Some providers offer easy to use interfaces that even a novice can use with no problem.
Some providers offer emergency contraception for free.
Some providers offer faster, more reliable connections than others do.
Some providers offer hosting packages with no predefined limits on storage and hits.
Some providers offer information through guest accounts.
Some providers offer limited free trials to potential customers so it pays to ask.
Some providers offer longer-term contact with clients.
Some providers offer other services with home pages such as counters, statistics and guestbooks.
Some providers offer post-testing counseling and rehabilitation.
Some providers offer turnkey service.
Some providers offer value-added services that make business Internet access more attractive.
Some providers offer VPN service packages for secure connections to the corporate network.
Some providers only have equipment in one place.
Some providers only offer a basic connection to the Internet.
Some providers only serve business customers.
Some providers overload their connections to the point where surfing comes to a standstill.
Some providers prepare diet meals and special meals for diabetics.
Some providers prescribe the pills to women for use in an emergency.
Some providers provide a client with the service.
Some providers put hundreds of webites on one server.
Some providers recommend licorice root to treat primary adrenocortical insufficiency.
Some providers require a coupon to obtain the discount listed on their web site.
Some providers require a registration fee, a deposit, or one month's payment in advance.
Some providers require a second opinion before proceeding with surgery.
Some providers require payment from families at the time of service.
Some providers say patients have unrealistic expectations.
Some providers see no point.
Some providers serve children in all the programs.
Some providers serve programs as volunteers, while others are paid.
Some providers specialize in meeting archival needs, while others focus on current coverage.
Some providers still charge a per-minute rate, which can be exorbitant.
Some providers use a kitchen drawer, basket in their entryway, or file folder on their desk.
Some providers use needle-free injection systems for flu clinics.
Some providers use one email address to send email and another for receiving email.
Some providers use their own crews, and some hire local private contractors.
Some providers use thrifty want ad prices or used furniture store prices.
Some providers vent their frustrations on their patients.
Some providers work better with online classes than do other providers.
A province is a district
Province admits no liability but guarantees compensation plan.
Province allows insurance coverage of chiropractic care to increase.
Province can be the official province code or the full province name.
Province covers other rural or urban properties in the selected province.
Province has a little bit of dry powder, but they're more leveraged.
Province has form, which is turned in to a central data-gathering office.
Province isa district.
Province isa territory.
Province pulls plug on toxic hotel bill.
Province seeks a new way to bargain with teachers.
Provinces also establish planning legislation which sets the boundaries for local zoning.
Provinces also provide financial assistance to farmers susceptible to climatic variations.
Provinces apply and receive a quota that is a proportion of their request every year.
Provinces are a territorial grouping of two or more dioceses and have a collegial relationship.
Provinces are at different stages of development in home and community care.
Provinces are either forest, swamp, mountain, desert, plains, or ocean.
Provinces are in alphabetic order.
Provinces are larger administrative units, and auton omous regions are a subunit of an province.
Provinces are located in countries.
Provinces are natural regions and share concelhos from diferent districts.
Provinces are newspapers.
Provinces are part of countries.
Provinces are particularly hard pressed to meet expenditure responsibilities.
Provinces are spheres.
Provinces are states.
Provinces are the largest division and generally reflect the ancient Irish kingdoms.
Provinces base their welfare rates on, well, on what money is left to spread around.
Provinces bordering on a particular sea area can create fleets.
Provinces can differ in their legislation and interpretation.
Provinces continue to ask for more transfers, the public continues to ask for more services.
Provinces covered include Saskatchewan, Manitoba, Ontario, and Quebec.
Provinces currently spend at least a third of their budgets on health.
Provinces differ in the services covered by their health insurance plans.
Provinces have areas.
Provinces have complementary programs of loans and bursaries.
Provinces have courts.
Provinces have division.
Provinces have equal status to the Korean special cities .
Provinces have equal status to the Korean special cities.
Provinces have human impact.
Provinces have impact.
Provinces have land areas.
Provinces have large areas.
Provinces have large land areas.
Provinces have pesticide inspection officers to enforce the pesticide regulations.
Provinces have the flexibility to tailor programs to reflect local priorities and circumstances.
Provinces have the jurisdiction over insurance, but for agriculture responsibility is split.
Provinces have their own statistical bodies.
Provinces have their own unique taste preferences as well as different infrastructure developments.
Provinces have their statistical bodies.
Provinces have varied bans on smoking in public places.
Provinces serve as centers of trade, finance, taxation and technology.
Provinces vary in the scores required.
Provinces usually turns hosting the Seminar.
All provinces also levy corporate income tax, though at lower rates.
All provinces have a chance to report what is going on in their province.
All provinces have different regulations regarding repossessions.
All provinces have monitoring teams in place to investigate irregularities.
All provinces identify and eliminate disincentives for caregivers in the home to becoming licensed.
All provinces incur costs related to fire management.
All provinces offer some sort of publicly funded home or community care programs.
All provinces provide child-care centres with stable operating funds and wage subsidies.
All provinces provide unpaid leaves, although in Alberta only maternity leaves are available.
All provinces save for Ontario provide funding to all religiously based schools or to none at all.
Any province can begin a process of constitutional change.
Every province also has a one-day holiday for their anniversary day.
Every province consists of a provincial capital and several municipalities.
Every province has a chief inspector.
Every province has a civilization level.
Every province has a peasant population.
Every province has a toll free number.
Every province has an ethics code that applies to every member of the legislature.
Every province wants more access to international markets.
Many provinces are provincial.
Many provinces have a different structure.
Many provinces have a government depository system.
Many provinces have a multi-tiered system.
Many provinces have intervention programs to help make schools safe places.
Many provinces have multi-tiered taxation systems that can prove complicated.
Many Provinces have requirements and the usual coverage is Unlimited.
Many provinces have their own regulations applying to the operation of restaurants.
Many provinces have 'womb police'.
Many provinces ignore China s federal government.
Many provinces ignore China's federal government.
Many provinces now insist that claims be submitted electronically on computer diskettes.
Most provinces also have local provincial laboratories or hospitals which do some forensic work.
Most provinces also require some form of product registration.
Most provinces have a government owned telephone company.
Most provinces have areas.
Most provinces have both public and private routes that can be taken to adopt.
Most provinces have courts.
Most provinces have division.
Most provinces have human impact.
Most provinces have impact.
Most provinces have land areas.
Most provinces have large areas.
Most provinces have large land areas.
Most provinces have one central provincial archive.
Most provinces have privacy commissioners.
Most provinces have province-wide genealogical societies with many branches.
Most provinces have similar agencies.
Most provinces have some type of regulatory or certifying agency.
Most provinces levy licence fees to major water users for access to the resource.
Most provinces now have a fair amount of legislative information on the Web.
Most provinces now have, or are in the process of developing, analogous policies.
Most provinces offer population forecasts for various areas in the province.
Most provinces require it in legislation.
Most provinces require the wearing of safety helmets and protective clothing.
Most provinces specialise in different kinds of weaponry.
Some provinces allow extensions or have exceptions to their time limits.
Some Provinces allow the detention of mentally disordered persons without treatment.
Some provinces also have yearly maximum dollar amounts, co-payments or both.
Some provinces also offer online access to forms.
Some provinces also provide income supplements or tax credits to low-income families with children.
Some provinces also regulate transport of honeybees to prevent the spread of the mite.
Some provinces also sell insurance through provincial corporations.
Some provinces apply a provincial tax levy to goods and services.
Some provinces are islands, which can be entered only by fleets.
Some provinces are more aggressive in developing and investing in health information than others.
Some provinces are more heavily contested than others due mainly to their strategic value.
Some provinces contain multiple basins that are genetically related.
Some provinces contain multiple genetically related basins.
Some provinces contain multiple genetically-related basins.
Some provinces contain multiple, genetically-related basins.
Some provinces face irredeemable differences between revenue and expenditure.
Some provinces get more snow and colder weather.
Some provinces have concentration.
Some provinces have county or district courts.
Some provinces have growers' associations.
Some provinces have more powers than the other provinces.
Some provinces have no mills.
Some provinces have on-line membership capability.
Some provinces have the same city code.
Some provinces have their own regulations governing animal research.
Some provinces have training officers who administer training and examinations.
Some provinces have unique laws to deal with family violence.
Some provinces have, or have had, card check recognition.
Some provinces impose court costs and administrative fees in addition to the fine.
Some provinces make pharmacies post their dispenser fee in the store.
Some provinces offer highly favourable tax rates, for example.
Some provinces offer provincial student loans as well.
Some provinces permit a five year vesting period.
Some provinces provide for licensing of auditors.
Some provinces provide grants to eligible applicants.
Some provinces provide very little or none at all.
Some provinces require a provincial name qualification search to be performed.
Some provinces require certain forms of agencies to be licensed.
Some provinces require drivers to be reassessed when they reach a certain age.
Some provinces require drivers to keep their headlights on during the day.
Some provinces require the consumer be notified when a credit report is requested.
Some provinces welcome that.
Provincial appointees are MLAs from the region.
Provincial assemblies seem to have followed a similar pattern, meeting in the city of the governor.
Provincial assessments provide a common measure of achievement for students throughout the province.
Most provincial attractions lie north of the provincial capital.
Provincial balances continue to improve, but slowly.
Provincial banditry is one thing, court intrigue another.
More provincial branches are to be opened soon.
Provincial capital is a city
Provincial capital is capital
Provincial capital is capital.
Provincial capital is cities.
Provincial capitals are much easier to find and influence than Ottawa.
Provincial capitals are, as a result, only reachable by air.
Most provincial capitals have small airports.
Provincial chapters occur every three years.
All provincial committees report to the provincial executive.
Provincial connection is evident.
Provincial consultations are ongoing to develop a consensus for an investment model.
Provincial cooperation seems to be improving on all fronts.
Provincial councils are to continue to perform their duties.
Provincial courts have the authority to create divergent common law precedents.
Provincial courts hear more serious cases and review local court decisions.
Provincial data includes figures on cases by age, location and gender.
All provincial data are closed, so there are no provincial updates.
Provincial departments fund upkeep of staff and equipment from own budget.
Provincial detail is also available.
Provincial development is another area that has been split among three ministers.
Provincial disharmony is a very serious issue.
All provincial epidemiologists are liaison representatives.
Provincial examinations have the same start and end time across the province.
Provincial funding is based on how many children attend a school.
Provincial government introduces the first reading of the new Drinking Water Protection Act .
Provincial government wins court battle over education taxes.
Provincial governments are an important link to grassroots communities.
Provincial governments control local radio, where it exists.
Provincial governments have lists of high schools.
Provincial governments make their own decisions on allocations by department.
Provincial governments negotiate further discounts on drugs.
Provincial governments provide the funding for medical training.
Provincial governments take the blame when faulty municipal water systems claim people's health.
All provincial governments have regulatory bodies which monitor and control the insurance industry.
Some provincial governments are right tight with their welfare money.
Some provincial governments fund school readings by authors and illustrators.
Every provincial governor is a prince or in-law, and the family members control key military staffs.
Some provincial highways have special restrictions in place year round.
Provincial laws define the powers and limitations of such organizations.
Provincial laws govern civil, commercial, criminal, mineral, labor and social security matters.
Provincial laws govern most labor standards, so there can be considerable variation across Canada.
Provincial laws make it very difficult to cancel leases.
Provincial laws vary in protecting the original borrower.
Provincial legislation follows a similar pattern.
Provincial legislation makes CIFs comparable to other investments.
Provincial legislation prohibits home and auto insurance as group insurance.
Provincial legislation provides obligations on public bodies to reveal the basis for decisions.
Provincial legislation relating to water resources and groundwater protection is summarized.
Provincial legislation specifies that the funds for schools are to be collected by municipalities.
Provincial legislation varies on the actual distance requirements from the dispensary.
Provincial legislature Makes laws about provincial things like housing, subject to national laws.
Provincial legislature resumes sitting after summer break.
Provincial maps are relatively good.
Provincial marriage acts provide details on the legal age required for marriage.
Provincial offices follow the same schedule.
Provincial officers are peace officers.
Provincial officials carry out inspections only when they have been alerted to a problem.
Provincial orders are still subject to delivery confirmation.
Provincial papers have a difficult time of it.
Provincial parks are wilderness parks.
Provincial parks offer some of the best places to stay in Northern Ontario.
Provincial parks protect a representative sample of Ontario's earth science features.
Provincial parks require special permits for the collecting of rocks and minerals.
All provincial parks are open to the public year-round.
Many provincial parks groom their paths for cross-country skiers.
Most provincial parks have their own web page containing information specific to the park.
Provincial pieces made of mahogany are very rare and are called meuble de port, or port furniture.
Provincial police begin probe.
Provincial policies are inadequate, reactive and poorly enforced.
Provincial policies are to be considered when land use changes are proposed.
Provincial prisons hold offenders sentenced to less than two years.
Provincial rankings differ depending on what dimension is considered.
Provincial regulators monitor the milk supply.
Provincial roads are the secon- dary roads within the borders of the provinces.
Provincial rules vary by province.
Provincial services are poor though the government plans to allow privatized bus services.
Provincial staff conducts annual visits and evaluations of agencies.
Provincial staff sit on several federal-provincial polar bear committees.
Provincial support is about one-fifth of what it was only two years ago.
Provincial taxes are a percentage of federal taxes, i.e. they are taxes on taxes.
Provincial testing is only one indicator of student success.
A provincial is an official
Provincials Get their team and individual placements here.
Provincials have their own religious practises.
A provincialism is partisanship
Provincialism is a poisonous worm that any individual can nurture internally.
A proving ground is work
Proving Grounds are the league play of Shadowfist tournaments.
Proviral genes are expressed DE by cellular mechanisms.
A provirus is a polymer
Proviruses are viral DNA integrated into the host cell.
Provision also has to be made to use a lot of sessional and part-time workers.
Provision also is made for baptism of desire.
Provision also is made for flood control benefits.
Provision does exist for specific licensing where justification is given.
Provision exists for appeals to be heard by a panel of three judicial officers.
Provision exists for award of the degree with Honours.
Provision exists for paid compassionate leave for a period of one week.
Provision is a condition
Provision is a poor trade for love.
Provision is activities.
Provision is also available for Russian and Czech.
Provision is available for leaves of absence where unforeseen circumstances so warrant.
Provision is built-in for using tap water for ultimate cooling efficiency and purity.
Provision is conditions.
Provision is included to interface with an antenna, scanner and a turntable.
Provision is included to name the higher homologues.
Provision is limited and patchy and requires an investment of resources.
Provision is made for a central office staff.
Provision is made for a comforter roller to be installed.
Provision is made for a performance absence, when excused by parents, in advance.
Provision is made for a required work block in the summer between the first and second years.
Provision is made for a third module to be constructed later.
Provision is made for a variety of key types and algorithms.
Provision is made for actual use of materials and equipment.
Provision is made for all emissions equipment.
Provision is made for all levels of ability, ranging from basic skills to advanced level courses.
Provision is made for ample free time.
Provision is made for an allowable time for the candidate to respond.
Provision is made for an edit list of problems requiring human decision.
Provision is made for an optional library include file.
Provision is made for audits by or on behalf of the grantor.
Provision is made for charity auctions.
Provision is made for classroom observation in public schools in the Atlanta area.
Provision is made for commentary and signatures on the back.
Provision is made for connecting VCRs for recording programmes.
Provision is made for converting any type of money into any other.
Provision is made for designations to be revoked or varied.
Provision is made for disability retirement, survivor benefits, and lump sum death benefits.
Provision is made for discontinuities in the coefficient functions or their derivatives.
Provision is made for electronic recordkeeping and for same day production of records.
Provision is made for expansion of grammar review, conversational practice, and language lab work.
Provision is made for expedited consideration of uses likely to have no detrimental effect.
Provision is made for external frequency - shift keying.
Provision is made for failure to appoint arbitra- tors or umpires.
Provision is made for fees and expenses to be paid to a prevailing party.
Provision is made for field research, practica, and internships for credit.
Provision is made for filling legislative vacancies by appointment or election.
Provision is made for formal stakeholder input on the first day of the conference.
Provision is made for higher order pixel corrections.
Provision is made for inclusion of other viruses, bacteria, and eukaryotic pathogens.
Provision is made for individuals on special diets, and assistance is given with eating as needed.
Provision is made for industrial training in Iowa.
Provision is made for input and output in bases other than decimal.
Provision is made for interested students to do summer archaeology in Italy and Greece.
Provision is made for later ability to pay the costs.
Provision is made for mounting devices both in line and across line.
Provision is made for new and emerging industries.
Provision is made for noncontiguous messages.
Provision is made for one missed exam.
Provision is made for operating the console in the control room and from the stage floor.
Provision is made for other state agencies and educational institutions to participate.
Provision is made for overnight and weekend borrowing.
Provision is made for payroll deduction of the levy.
Provision is made for periodical sabbatical leave.
Provision is made for permissive operation by computer of all test functions.
Provision is made for publication of the lectures.
Provision is made for reduced fee and pro bono services from a neutral when necessary.
Provision is made for relocation and a thesis allowance.
Provision is made for remote colour change, either a colour wheel or an add-on semaphore unit.
Provision is made for remote control including recall of line presets.
Provision is made for repayment of grant where the grant was improperly claimed.
Provision is made for separator lines between items.
Provision is made for sharing of royalties from patents.
Provision is made for slow delivery of station trigger messages.
Provision is made for some personal choice of material.
Provision is made for stereo level and relative phase monitoring.
Provision is made for students to attend worship services during their program.
Provision is made for students with different background knowledge of computing when they start.
Provision is made for studies in the humanities and the social sciences.
Provision is made for suspension of retirement benefits after a certain time.
Provision is made for systematic maintenance and growth at each grade level.
Provision is made for the checking in and out of literature items.
Provision is made for the data taker to indicate the acceptability of the data.
Provision is made for the easy and efficient cleansing of both the smoke and air flues.
Provision is made for the election of write-in candidates.
Provision is made for the exchange of reliable data and increased international cooperation.
Provision is made for the input and attendance by stakeholder groups as circumstances warrant.
Provision is made for the monthly payment of fees interest is charged on the balance owing.
Provision is made for the necessary study of original languages when required.
Provision is made for the obligatory consultation and participation of workers.
Provision is made for the prevention of over-grazing.
Provision is made for the recordal of registered users.
Provision is made for the recording of registered users for a mark.
Provision is made for the reference of existing or future disputes.
Provision is made for the replacement and updating of all materials.
Provision is made for the sale of property other than in the usual and regular course of business.
Provision is made for the third party to apply to be heard before the summons is issued.
Provision is made for the use of a flywheel energy storage device.
Provision is made for the use of directional antennas with user specified radiation patterns.
Provision is made for the use of professional witnesses.
Provision is made for the video to stop while students carry out the activity.
Provision is made for the video to stop while students conduct the activities.
Provision is made for their safe disposal.
Provision is made for training in research during the course of the three-year program.
Provision is made for transfer pricing and exchange of information.
Provision is made for transportation and housing in Washington.
Provision is made for use of curtain material on the weather side of the barn.
Provision is made for using of helicopters of different systems.
Provision is made for voting agreements.
Provision is made for ward committees.
Provision is made for withdrawal or amendment of an admission.
Provision is made for writs of habeas corpus under the law.
Provision is made however, for members to renew their term if member's schedule permits.
Provision is made in the act for recourse when an infringement has taken place.
Provision is made in the first instance for complete beginners.
Provision is made on a deck constructed directly beneath the roadway for six street car tracks.
Provision is made so that terms of members overlap.
Provision is made throughout the process for extensive public input.
Provision is made to adjust to any normal desktop thickness.
Provision is made to carefully evaluate uncertainties.
Provision is made to carry capital losses forward to later years.
Provision is made to edit the comment lines.
Provision is made to ensure that restitution orders can be enforced by the civil courts.
Provision is made to fit larger caps if required.
Provision is made to fund a corpus through time payments.
Provision is made to generate payroll for all the sites of the company.
Provision is made to give the defendant an opportunity to get a lawyer or appointment of one.
Provision is made to return to the filled out form.
Provision is made to strengthen protection for well-known trademarks.
Provision is made to update records, and to include specifications if required.
Provision is made, however, for admission with limited deficiencies.
Provision is patchy-especially in secondary education.
Provision is stores.
Provision is supplies.
Provision is to be made for a crib or playpen, when age appropriate, as well as food and diapers.
Provision is to be made for a delimitation commission or commissions for carving out electorates.
Provision is to be made for direct election of regional councillors .
Provision is to be made for direct election of regional councillors.
Provision is to be made for the direct election of regional councilors.
Provision is to be made to extinguish or limit outbreaks of fire anywhere on the site.
Provision means that a way of escape from the penalty has been offered.
Provision needs to be made for a variety of musical styles.
Provision needs to be made for air transport and cargo handling equipment.
Provision needs to be made for collecting the urine and manure to deflect it from the milking area.
Provision needs to be made for continuous training in the new technologies.
Provision needs to be made for larger annual gatherings.
Provision needs to be made for manual bias.
Provision needs to be made, even with modern materials, for repair and replacement.
Provision needs to respond to local needs and local circumstances.
Provision seems to be used most by males and by white young people.
Provision therefore is patchy and vulnerable to budget cuts.
Provision violates free speech rights of dozens of public interest organizations.
Provisions adopted by the same legislature are to be read in harmony if possible.
Provisions allowing temporary, duty-free imports of equipment can greatly expedite delivery.
Provisions also call for possible revocation of licenses.
Provisions also call for the school district insurance carrier to contribute to the settlement.
Provisions apply if driver has actual physical control.
Provisions apply to former residents.
Provisions apply to future appropriations.
Provisions are also available to protect the assets of the well spouse.
Provisions are available for a co-major and cooperative research in more than one laboratory.
Provisions are available for home schooled students.
Provisions are available for medical or religious exemptions.
Provisions are available for picnics and cooking via grills provided on the grounds.
Provisions are cheap, and fish plentiful.
Provisions are cumulative.
Provisions are Cumulative.
Provisions are effective on various dates.
Provisions are funds that banks put aside from profits to offset losses from bad loans in future.
Provisions are in place for the use of the library by consortium students, emeriti professors, etc.
Provisions are in place to allow for the participation of associate members.
Provisions are in place to handle emergency or last minute trips.
Provisions are mandatory, and are strictly construed.
Provisions are plenty.
Provisions are present to protect the identity of individual producers in such surveys and reports.
Provisions are reserve amounts allocated for future liabilities or losses in asset valuation.
Provisions are scarce.
Provisions are sometimes in short supply.
Provisions are subject to change without notice to guide holders.
Provisions are sufficient to assure requirements of parks and open space preservation.
Provisions are there for a generous breakfast.
Provisions are unreadably complex.
Provisions are very dear and luxuries are cheap.
Provisions are very dear and scare.
Provisions are very expensive, too.
Provisions are very high.
Provisions are very scarce and have been.
Provisions are very scarce and very indifferent.
Provisions being removed from the budget - delete the provision.
Provisions Continues the organ transplant program on a permanent basis.
Provisions Defines political subdivision as a city, town or county.
Provisions Defines the term electronic .
Provisions Defines the term eligible person .
Provisions describe or explain features, benefits, conditions, or requirements of the contract.
Provisions Designates an unspecified butterfly as the official state butterfly.
Provisions do exist for the manufacture of domestic wine and cider.
Provisions Eliminates the family cap .
Provisions Eliminates the provision relating to the late filing notice.
Provisions Establishes a nine-member joint study committee on mandatory vehicle insurance.
Provisions Establishes a nine-member study committee on eminent domain.
Provisions Establishes the membership of the committee.
Provisions exist for day light mirror.
Provisions exist for describing tuple types that are semi-heterogenous and unbounded.
Provisions exist for early and normal retirement.
Provisions exist for exchanging equipment and upgrading from analog to digital.
Provisions exist for higher frequency coverage.
Provisions exist for routine simultaneous support of multiple patients.
Provisions exist for the candidates to re-sit units of assessment in the event of failure.
Provisions exist in the Kit for up to Four-channel mixing.
Provisions exist to permanently disable the program if unauthorized database access is attempted.
Provisions exist to protect the privacy of subjects and to maintain data confidentiality.
Provisions Expands the definition of container to include merchandise pallets.
Provisions giving a petition to remain unincorporated priority over other proposals is deleted.
Provisions governing international choice of law also apply to the Internet.
Provisions governing security have yet to be finalized.
Provisions indicate how well a loan provider is doing under challenging conditions.
Provisions is our deli and bakery.
Provisions Makes spelling corrections.
Provisions Modifies the definitions of nontraditional fighting contest and tough man contest .
Provisions Prohibits any nuclear explosion whether for weapons or peaceful purposes.
Provisions provide specific protection for well-known trademarks.
Provisions Provides an intent clause.
Provisions Provides that data relating to a state information security system is confidential.
Provisions regarding harboring deserting seamen extend to all shipping agreements.
Provisions regarding the voters register.
Provisions related to prohibition of campaign contributions is changed materially in one respect.
Provisions relating to rights for disabled people extend to England, Wales and Scotland.
Provisions relating to the municipal sector also contribute to continued groundwater depletion.
Provisions remain the same.
Provisions Removes references to local boards of health, municipalities and county boards of health.
Provisions Repeals the charter school stimulus fund.
Provisions Replaces the term buildings with the term facilities .
Provisions Requires a fire district to determine the compensation payable to district personnel.
Provisions Requires the appointment of a five member statewide elected officers ethics board.
Provisions See the attached tables for a detailed listing of individual agency appropriations.
Provisions Specifies each community college district s share of the appropriation.
Provisions Starting money is determined during original character generation.
Provisions States the findings and declaration of purpose for the nursing licensure compact.
Provisions Uniform Throughout State.
Provisions vary from lender to lender.
Provisions vary from state to state.
Provisions vary widely.
All provisions are equally available to citizens of the three countries.
All provisions are there.
All provisions contained in the programs are in addition to protection provided by state laws.
Most provisions have a core of regular users.
Most provisions relating to patents also apply to utility models.
Some provision is made for entry by non-graduate mature students.
Some provisions are already in force.
Some provisions are an abuse of civil liberties.
Some provisions are counterproductive.
Some provisions are downloadable in pdf format.
Some provisions are entirely new.
Some provisions don t begin for several years, others begin soon but end abruptly.
Some provisions eff.
Some provisions have to be made to assist small-scale industry to manage inefficient energy use.
Some provisions increase criminal penalties for abusing the immigration system.
Some provisions listed on the promissory notes include deferment and cancellation provisions.
Some provisions make the waiver decision entirely discretionary.
Some provisions overlap.
Some provisions remain unaltered for the time being.
Some provisions specifically address the rights of unions and their members.
Some provisions suggest that the statute contemplates no statewide model for classifications.
Some provisions tie job security to student test performance.
Provisional acceptance is granted for no more than two semesters.
Provisional acceptance serves as the preliminary step for final admission into the pharmacy program.
Provisional accreditation implies that a program is in a developmental stage.
Provisional admission is available with developmental studies coursework.
Provisional admission is granted to students who lack in one of the admission criteria.
Provisional admission is offered when courses are currently in progress.
Provisional admission is possible if application warrants.
Provisional admission is possible in exceptional cases.
Provisional admission requires two such courses.
Provisional applications are efficient both economically and temporally.
Provisional applications can be extremely helpful under a number of circumstances.
Provisional applications differ from regular U.S. patent applications.
Provisional applications have several advantages to consider.
Provisional approval is granted for no more than three years.
Provisional approval is no problem and given hereby.
Provisional ballots are ones in which there is a question about the person's entitlement to vote.
Provisional campers are welcome all summer.
Provisional certificates are valid for five years.
Provisional certification has a five-year time limit.
Provisional certification is offered at the early childhood, elementary, and middle school levels.
Provisional certification is valid for five years.
Provisional certification qualifies an individual for a teaching position.
Provisional contracts pay for all technical services required to establish an agreement.
Provisional dates are as follows, more detailed information to follow.
Provisional details are below.
Provisional history offers just as many cautionary lessons as any other kind.
Provisional information is provided under each heading on the left.
Provisional meetings are once a month and scheduled by the chairperson.
Provisional members are older.
Provisional membership has no fee.
Provisional membership is limited to a three-year period.
Provisional programme is available for download here .
Provisional results indicate the following best performances in the age groups shown.
Provisional space is limited.
Provisional space is released automatically unless confirmed.
Provisional status can generally be satisfied in two semesters.
Provisional status is limited to two calendar years.
Provisional status is noted on the seal.
Provisional students are eligible for financial aid.
Provisional students can use financial aid.
Provisional teachers receives copy of the back page.
All provisional teachers use transcript evaluation as their individual professional development.
Provisional truce is accepted by Iraqi representatives.
Many provisional voters are people who have moved just prior to the election.
Proviso East is a school with a long and glorious tradition.
Provisual actions are movements used to facilitate vision.
A provocateur is an operative
Provocateurs are more concerned with loosening-up society as a whole.
Provocation can reduce.
Provocation decreases gender differences in aggression.
Provocation is a defense.
Provocation is aggression
Provocation is an important part of green hat thinking and is symbolized by the word po .
Provocation is immoral, because it pushes people to commit crimes.
Provocation is just another form of love.
Provocation is no excuse for violence.
Provocation is the dog owner's defense to liability.
Provocation is the inciting of another to do a certain act.
Provocation is the public function most in demand in present-day Italy.
Provocation is the whole point.
Provocation is usually in order at such times.
Provocations are group projects based on the text at hand.
Any provocation is enough for a private bash.
Provocative angiography is the localization study of choice for both gastrinoma and insulinoma.
Provocative behavior is relative and is usually set by male standards.
Provocative comment is welcome.
Provocative dressing can be offensive.
Provocative graphics turn heads.
Provocative ideas are often difficult to assess.
Provocative ideas tend to be simple.
Provocative interchange stimulates ongoing reflection and reconsideration.
Provocative lyrics speak to social issues.
Provocative opinion is welcomed provided that it is soundly defended.
Provocative reflections guarantee that categories fall on every page.
Provocative steps continue in the direction of a less peaceful world.
Every provocative subject has a body and a soul.
A provost is an academic administrator
Provost allocates instructional dollars to units on basis of actual operating costs.
Provost announces appointment of committee.
Provost can authorize money or take money away.
Provost certifies the candidate's successful compliance with the minimum criteria.
Provost claims that there was no question that that's what everyone wanted.
Provost has three collections.
Provost is astounded that bottled water sells for far more than gasoline, on a per-gallon basis.
Provost is considerate of interests of faculty.
Provost is willing to explain administrative decisions.
Provost makes rounds.
Provost needs to be convinced that more money needs to be freed up to go into the housing crisis.
Provost obtains approval of department chair.
Provost provides strong leadership in campus fund-raising activities.
Provost reports briefly on a meeting with the committee.
Provost requires each school to complete a technology plan.
Provost says lots of people are looking for real estate over the Internet.
Provost supports a re-engineering effort, but IS staff has recently been reduced.
Provost swings the chopper to the west.
Provosts also meet regularly with the president.
Provosts are academic administrators.
Provosts are administrators.
Provosts are also members of the individual campus teams.
Provosts come and go.
Provosts push a radical plan to change the way faculty research is evaluated.
A prow is a front
Prow faces northwest for spectacular sunset views.
Prow pegs for tethering with life preservers, string or ropes of fish.
A prowl is a walk
Prowl has no activity on yellow nutsedge.
Prowl is a dinitroaniline.
Prowl is labeled, but injury is a possibility on the early plantings if temperatures are cool.
Prowl is rated fair.
Prowl is sprayed on the soil surface so it is positioned above level where the corn roots develop.
Prowl is the prime example of a segmented model.
Prowl is very immobile in soil.
Prowl prevents plant cells from dividing and elongating, thus stopping growth.
Prowl provides generally good residual grass weed control.
Prowls are walks.
A prowler is an intruder
Prowler can now print images.
Prowler contains built-in links to the most awesome web sites for kids.
Prowler is a luxury car by hot-rodding standards.
Prowler is a prototype.
Prowler is an image browsing and management tool with an intuitive and stylish interface.
Prowler is simple and easy to use.
Prowler is Turned Off.
Prowler works with either version.
Prowlers are intruders.
Prowlers can also hunt down radars, using HARMs for the hard kill.
Proximal causes are evident when one is older.
Proximal centriole serves as anchoring point of flagellum to sperm.
Proximal end is fitted with female luer mount for easy connection to feeding funnel or syringe.
Proximal enteritis causes a distension of the stomach with fluid backed up from the small intestine.
Proximal forms are common and associated with incontinence.
Proximal increase is a gradient in opposite direction from distal increase.
Proximal occlusions allow for easier later treatment if there is recurrence.
Proximal parts are more medial.
Proximal regions are usually more affected than distal regions of the body.
Proximal stimulus is the optical image on the retina.
Proximal surface is coloured green distal surface red.
Proximal tumours can cause distal consolidation or collapse.
Proximate acts are the things that operators and inspectors do, for example.
Proximate acts have two characteristics.
Proximate analysis determines ash and moisture content, volatile matter and the fixed carbon.
Proximate cause asks what is the degree of connection between the defendant's conduct and the harm.
Proximate cause has to do with the chain of causation.
Proximate cause has two elements, cause in fact and foreseeability.
Proximate cause is a question of fact for the jury.
Proximate cause is an essential element of plaintiff's case.
Proximate cause is an essential element of that proof.
Proximate cause is evaluated in terms of foreseeability.
Proximate cause is made up of two elements, cause in fact and legal cause.
Proximate cause is that which, in a natural and continuing sequence, produces the disability.
Proximate cause is usually a factual issue for the jury to determine.
Proximate cause is usually a factual question to be decided by the jury.
Proximate cause is usually a jury issue.
Proximate cause looks at the issue of foreseeability.
Proximate cause refers to mechanism or development.
Proximate causes involve hormonal secretions or neural impulses.
Proximate causes involve the physiology of an animal and are triggering causes.
Proximate explanations focus on things that occur during the life of an individual.
Proximate explanations involve environmental cues and physiological mechanisms.
Proximate meaning is more important than ultimate.
Proximate mechanisms deal with how a behavior is performed.
Proximate mechanisms produce behaviors that evolved because they increase fitness in some way.
Proximate preparation takes place as young people learn about the various sacraments and vocations.
Proximate pyrotechnics are more than just mini fireworks displays.
Proximate truth results from constant historical revision.
Proximity analyses find all occurrences of a value within a given distance to the point of interest.
Proximity effect can either be a blessing or a curse, depending on how it is used.
Proximity effect disappears with the omnidirectional microphone.
Proximity mines are also great, but only if used correctly.
Proximity Mines are motion sensitive mines that give a warning beep before exploding.
Proximity search is available for the U.S. only.
Proximity search is based on the the distance between two locations.
Proximity search reveals when one word or phrase occurs near another.
Proximity searches look for the co-occurrence of search terms .
Proximity searches look for the co-occurrence of search terms.
Proximity searches require a word index.
Proximity sensing means there is no reflector to mount.
Proximity sensors are place on objects of interest.
Proximity sensors detect the presence of an object without physical contact.
Proximity sensors detect the presence, absence, distance, and position of an object or person.
Proximity switches are about detecting movement.
Proximity switches are also about quality control.
Proximity switches are the most desirable triggering mechanism.
Proximity switches replace typical mechanical limit switches, eliminating moving parts.
A proximity is nearness
Proximities are nearness.
Proximities are vicinities.
Proximity acts as a catalyst that can promote either cooperation or conflict.
Proximity also has a big effect on how well defined a cloud appears.
Proximity also provides large venue, and multipoint services as well.
Proximity brings some things out in the open, and they learn more about each other.
Proximity can breed taking for granted the opportunity to talk at any time.
Proximity can therefore be beneficial.
Proximity concentrates germs and allows easier movement from host to host.
Proximity creates the optical illusion of continuous tone color.
Proximity definitely helps.
Proximity develop customized projects which satisfy our clients business goals.
Proximity encourages chance encounters and thus informal communication.
Proximity equals influence.
Proximity fuzes, however, are useful in attacking targets such as OPs on tops of buildings.
Proximity has an effect on people.
Proximity has many advantages - it saves time, money, and resources.
Proximity has no practical consequence in and of itself.
Proximity has one of the largest networks of video-conferencing rooms in the world.
Proximity has some real advantages for discovery, but one-way windows can have a major drawback.
Proximity has to be decided.
Proximity has to do with organization.
Proximity helps organizations develop improved multidimensional indicator analysis capacities.
Proximity helps organizations develop improved quantitatively based strategies for community change.
Proximity inequalitites for complete ideals in two-dimensional regular local rings.
Proximity is a bitch.
Proximity is a critical decision point in many applications.
Proximity is a crucial issue.
Proximity is a huge factor for a customer when looking for service.
Proximity is a plus.
Proximity is a rough indicator of interrelationships.
Proximity is a value that each center offers students.
Proximity is achieved by grouping related items together.
Proximity is also a major producer of large videoconference-enabled corporate events.
Proximity is also very important.
Proximity is an important factor in establishing constructive possession.
Proximity is an obvious problem.
Proximity is another common reason for group formation.
Proximity is as important and manipulable as the pace.
Proximity is defined based on shortest paths between objects.
Proximity is essentially distance measured either through a roads network or as the crow flies.
Proximity is everything in the state's gaming industry.
Proximity is everything.
Proximity is important.
Proximity is key.
Proximity is more important than synchronicity.
Proximity is paramount.
Proximity is perhaps the most potent means of enabling the informal linkages that are so valuable.
Proximity is relative to the time it takes energy to cross a given space.
Proximity is still an important logical concept even if networks makes it physically unnecessary.
Proximity is the answer.
Proximity is the biggest reason.
Proximity is the easy explanation.
Proximity is the only requirement.
Proximity is tied closely to the use of white space.
Proximity is very clear in terms of the social cohesion of homosexual partnership.
Proximity is what impresses the viewer.
Proximity isa nearness.
Proximity just means keeping related things close to each other.
Proximity Make decisions at the organizational level closest to the program activity.
Proximity means that things near each other are associated with each other.
Proximity means treat the casualties close to the front line .
Proximity means treat the casualties close to the front line.
Proximity prides itself on providing the highest level of personalized customer service.
Proximity promotes familiarity and familiar people seem safe and approachable.
Proximity provides more detailed subject context by requiring words to appear near one another.
Proximity refers to the distance between search terms.
Proximity Refers to the relationship established by clustered items.
Proximity requires evidence of other crimes on or in the property's immediate vicinity.
Proximity Searches A proximity search looks for the co-occurrence of two or three search terms.
Proximity searching a. Use next for words close together.
Proximity searching allows a user to find pairs of words separated by any number of unrelated words.
Proximity searching also is possible.
Proximity still plays an important role in the latter case.
Proximity takes a holistic approach to designing software.
Proximity works by mere exposure and familiarity.
Proxy bidding allows the buyer to put in a maximum bid.
Proxy bidding allows users to place a maximum bid for an item.
Proxy bidding ends when the auction surpasses the second highest maximum bid.
Proxy bidding is active by default.
Proxy bidding puts the minds of non-winners at ease, sort of.
Proxy bidding rounds.
Proxy caches are a type of shared cache .
Proxy caches provide a significant challenge to the design of a Web security scheme.
Proxy caches reduce the number of web accesses across the network backbones.
Proxy caches run caching and other functions in software on general-purpose platforms.
Proxy cards allow full library privileges as if the academic is at the library.
Proxy cards are good for one semester or summer school session.
Proxy gateways have a richer set of choices for security policy.
Proxy icon is ONLY draggable when the window represents the file on disk exactly.
Proxy module can send headers as part of the message body for nph scripts.
Proxy server can usually act as both child and parent.
Proxy server is a bottleneck of network access.
Proxy server is configured.
Proxy server is down.
Proxy server is gateway to the Internet.
Proxy server is in production.
Proxy server is used for internet accsess.
Proxy server returns proxy.pac, which configures browser to do proxying.
Proxy server settings What a proxy server does and how to use it.
Proxy server support Many institutions use proxy servers to connect to the Internet.
Proxy server Use a proxy server .
Proxy servers act as an interface between the school network and any external network.
Proxy servers are also available.
Proxy servers are application specific.
Proxy servers are commonly there one day, then gone the next.
Proxy servers are critical to the success of virtually every large Web and intranet site.
Proxy servers are different.
Proxy servers are invisible to users, who just receive online items more quickly than usual.
Proxy servers are servers.
Proxy servers are wonderful.
Proxy servers can allocate much more space to caching.
Proxy servers can allow or deny internet requests according to the protocol of the requests.
Proxy servers can also cache Web pages or anything else from the Internet.
Proxy servers can be a market researchers worst nightmare.
Proxy servers can control network traffic in several ways.
Proxy servers can dramatically improve performance for groups of users.
Proxy servers control all accesses to the web from the subnet they service.
Proxy servers do network address translation.
Proxy servers examine network traffic according to policies set for specific applications.
Proxy servers Find out how proxy servers can help reduce costs as well as increase control.
Proxy servers function as intermediaries in the path between user and Web site.
Proxy servers have the potentially severe disadvantage that they are Internet application specific.
Proxy servers offer functions similar to a firewall, but are built to be application specific.
Proxy servers reduce network load especially where a large number of users are involved.
Proxy servers represent another type of network security, based on an application-level gateway.
Proxy servers require users to make a few simple changes to their browser to enable authentication.
Proxy servers result in noticeably improved performance.
Proxy servers running on a network can also cause strange behaviors when viewing web pages.
Proxy servers work the same as a regular connection.
All proxy servers write messages to the system log.
Some proxy servers can cause errors with the ticket system.
Some proxy servers come as turnkey boxes, while others are software.
Some proxy servers require both a user name and a correct password for user authentication.
Proxy statements are already too long and complicated.
Proxy statements are available if needed.
Proxy statements are available if unable to be present at any regular or special meeting.
Proxy statements are ballots.
Proxy statements are public record and are found in annual reports.
Proxy vote is the only way to protect their right to vote.
Proxy votes are legal under state and board bylaws.
Proxy votes are never in order at a study committee meeting.
Proxy votes are permissible.
Proxy voting is acceptable.
Proxy voting is permitted.
Proxy war is war
Proxy wars are common with one nation fighting another by using another nation's armed forces.
Every proxy war is an arena to promote new arms.
A proxy is a power of attorney
Proxies are a combination of hardware and software used to connect office networks to the Internet.
Proxies are acceptable in an election.
Proxies are acceptable in votes on hiring.
Proxies are agents.
Proxies are also annual payments made by the parochial clergy to the bishop, etc., on visitations.
Proxies are daemons that can spawn processes remotely in lieu of rsh.
Proxies are delegation tokens.
Proxies are generally revocable.
Proxies are generated for any custom type that is used in the service interface.
Proxies are market entities that act on behalf of the agents and enforce market rules.
Proxies are one design model for supporting disconnected operations.
Proxies are one solution - one of several.
Proxies are only one tool that can be used to build a firewall.
Proxies are power of attorney.
Proxies are revocable.
Proxies are therefore and excellent solution to the problem except for some difficulties.
Proxies are useful because they limit the time the users private key has to be unencrypted.
Proxies can also broadcast their presence to devices on their local sub-net.
Proxies can assume their master object type.
Proxies can be both good and bad.
Proxies can operate just like user-agents if they want.
Proxies can paternalize as much as decision-makers who ignore proxies.
Proxies can provide detailed logging at the application level.
Proxies enable access to computers from within the firewall.
Proxies have limited lifetimes.
Proxies have to be written for new applications as they come out.
Proxies have voting rights.
Proxies is a type of connection that includes increases security measures.
Proxies is fast-paced, intriguing and a lot of fun.
Proxies monitor only the traffic that goes through a Web browser.
Proxies only go half way.
Proxies operate at the application protocol level.
Proxies provide a number of security benefits when used in the most common firewall configurations.
Proxies provide auditing services.
Proxies really represent a paradigm shift in distributed programming.
Proxies see the dictionary.
Proxies sign for absent students.
Proxies solicit shareholder votes on the matters to be voted on at the annual meeting.
Proxies Then press the view button and change the settings from gr.
Proxy enables internet browsing facility for all employees.
Proxy is harder.
Proxy provides the same interface.
Proxy works fine.
Proxys allow only pages acceptable to the proxy list to be accessed.
All proxies are unavailable.
Many proxies are even more forthcoming with information.
Many proxies contain extra logging or support for user authentication.
Some proxies are unable to handle PPTP tunnels for telecommuting, for example.
Some proxies can also store copies of frequently requested pages to improve response times.
Some proxies require a user name and password.
Some proxies require a user to type in a username and password before Internet access is granted.
Some proxies seem to confuse the web server's vhost mechanism.
Proxying firewalls require more processing power than stateful inspection firewalls.
PrPC molecules are abundant in nerve cells.
PrPC protein is synthesised in the cell as described above.
PRS babies have a horseshoe shaped wide cleft, typically involving both the soft and hard palates.
Most PRS babies grow to lead a healthy and normal adult life.
Some PRS children are fortunate enough to have their children's jaws grow out.
Prticular problems are faulty leads and the ingress of fluids to footswitches.
A prude is a person
Prudes are misunderstood.
Prudes get on our nerves.
Prudence advises buying the replacement now.
Prudence also shapes the character of the person.
Prudence argues otherwise.
Prudence begins at home.
Prudence calls for picking at least two species advertised as blooming in each month.
Prudence demands that the next budget contain costs.
Prudence demands the development of a comprehensive plan to deal with system security.
Prudence dictates a brief evaluation to eliminate treatable entities before choosing any therapy.
Prudence dictates a preventive approach - a stitch in time saves nine.
Prudence dictates a preventive approach a stitch in time saves nine.
Prudence dictates increased vigilance in the higher-risk populations.
Prudence dictates keeping a cool head until all the evidence is in.
Prudence dictates keeping a wary eye on inflationary pressures, but . . .
Prudence dictates our moving cautiously, but consistently.
Prudence dictates some caution here.
Prudence dictates that any kind of use that is previously undocumented qualifies as well.
Prudence dictates that one carefully evaluate one's own experience with a new protocol.
Prudence dictates that only necessary investments are made.
Prudence dictates that the consent always be in writing.
Prudence discerns right and just action in light of all the important features of a situation.
Prudence does require preparations and early repairs.
Prudence ensures that there is sufficient leeway to manage downside risks if they arise.
Prudence goes back to work.
Prudence governs every action, and judges all of the virtues, including the theological ones.
Prudence helps keep the stress out of life.
Prudence is a cardinal virtue in the Christian life.
Prudence is a cardinal virtue.
Prudence is a difficult policy position in baseball.
Prudence is a disposition with true reason and ability for actions concerning human goods.
Prudence is a good thing.
Prudence is a product of experience and a possession of reason.
Prudence is a rich, ugly old maid courted by incapacity.
Prudence is a virtue concerned with commanding correct means.
Prudence is a virtue.
Prudence is discernment
Prudence is discretion.
Prudence is dull.
Prudence is easy to understand.
Prudence is human activities.
Prudence is important, always.
Prudence is necessary for a happy and successful life.
Prudence is no vice.
Prudence is one of the enduring virtue names.
Prudence is one of the world's smallest foxes with the biggest ears.
Prudence is practical wisdom, sagacity in adapting means to ends and in foreseeing consequences.
Prudence is roughly equivalent to what is currently being called emotional intelligence.
Prudence is sensible.
Prudence is the ability to deliberate well regarding human actions.
Prudence is the better part of good judgement.
Prudence is the intellectual virtue of practical reason.
Prudence is the key.
Prudence is the most beautiful shades of greys and fawns.
Prudence is the principal of all the virtues simply.
Prudence is the virtue of that part of the soul which can form opinions.
Prudence is the virtue of the adult life, to deal with people among complicated tasks.
Prudence is the watchword.
Prudence is wisdom applied to practice.
Prudence protects against ignorance bad decisions.
Prudence replaces wisdom as the first virtue.
Prudence replies that the best defense anyone can have is the love of neighbors and subjects.
Prudence requires a conscious effort to avoid such shortcuts.
Prudence requires a watchful eye at seasons when national spirit runs high.
Prudence requires other forceful reasons.
Prudence requires that the number is set as a percentage of projected sales.
Prudence serves to guide all of the other virtues through the adroit use of judgment.
Prudence stands in faithfulness to the future.
Prudence suggests a check of local laws before use.
Prudence suggests increased vigilance in the higher-risk populations.
Prudence suggests precautions be taken.
Prudence suggests tying up to shore in a strong squall.
Prudence takes time to acquire because it is learned from experience.
Prudence therefore dictates cautious rates of rehydration.
Prudence always accompanies wisdom.
Prudent action can ensure secure food supply and protect public health.
Prudent avoidance is the most politically appealing course.
Prudent avoidance means avoiding exposure because the risks are unknown.
Prudent avoidance means to measure fields, determine the sources, and act to reduce exposure.
Prudent avoidance sounds like a sensible caution.
Most prudent businesses carry a raft of insurances.
Prudent campers cook and store food well away from tents and boats.
Prudent consumers deserve the right to weigh all evidence for themselves.
Prudent employers facilitate and foster a safety culture in their operations.
Prudent engineering adds a contingency amount to estimated costs to account for uncertainty.
Prudent firms add a modest contingency percentage.
Prudent investment is a fiduciary duty.
Prudent investors respond to uncertainties by diversifying their portfolios and hedging their bets.
Prudent investors understand the value of diversification.
Every prudent legislator weighs the cost of the fiscal note.
Prudent men recognize the difference.
Every prudent man acts out of knowledge.
Every prudent man acts with knowledge, But a fool displays folly.
Any prudent mariner knows that learning the essentials of basic navigation is important.
Prudent parents discern the truth regarding the everyday circumstances of their child.
Prudent people bring both and try to get away with using as little mosquito repellent as possible.
Prudent people prepare for hard times even if they've known only good times.
Prudent planning includes learning about public and private benefits programs.
Prudent policy requires increases in total spending.
Prudent preparation is always the best insurance against the unknown.
Prudent regulation can protect the environment without damaging the free economy.
Prudent sailors are aware that a drogue can impose high loads on the boat.
Prudent stocks offer above average capital appreciation potential along with above average safety.
Prudent teachers preview all links prior to instruction.
Prudent travelers hire only official tour guides through hotels and travel agencies.
Prudent use can help shorten the painful and long spells of loadshedding.
Prudent use is indicated.
Prudential employees can access a complete listing of technology classes via the corporate intranet.
Prudential employees tend to keep all of their messages because of regulatory requirements.
Prudential ethics constitutes a very large part of all ethics.
Prudential officials access suggestions and make the changes online.
Prudictable loans are fixed rate simple interest loans with equal monthly installments.
A prune is dried fruit
Prunes act very kind, they say, when sickly people moan.
Prunes also attract water to the intestinal area.
Prunes also work to enhance flavors in a recipe such as chocolate, cinnamon and orange.
Prunes are a good source of fibre, and they also contain a chemical that is a natural laxative.
Prunes are a good substitute.
Prunes are a great iron-rich source of fiber.
Prunes are a laxative and, as such, are habit-forming.
Prunes are also a popular dessert ingredient.
Prunes are also good.
Prunes are also high in soluble fiber.
Prunes are among the best for providing roughage.
Prunes are an excellent natural laxative to relieve constipation.
Prunes are beneficial for constipation because they serve as gentle laxatives.
Prunes are cathartic.
Prunes are dried food.
Prunes are edible fruit.
Prunes are plums.
Prunes Cut in halves and remove pits or leave whole.
Prunes get 'em every place.
Prunes have an obvious medicinal effect.
Prunes lead the top ten fruits with the best oxygen radical absorbance capacity.
Prunes work well, as do dried apricots.
A pruner is a saw
Pruners are available with either bypass or anvil blades.
Pruners are available with either long or short handles.
Pruners are workers.
Pruners come is a variety of sizes to handle different jobs.
Pruning are cuttings.
Pruning are trim.
Pruning are trimming.
A prurience is physical attraction
Prurience is a more peculiar issue.
Pruritus is itching
Pruritus tends to disappear when cancer is cured or in remission.
Prussian blue is a chemical compound .
Prussian blue is a chemical compound.
Prussian blue is still the most important medicine.
A pry is a lever
Pries open doors in structures using pry bars, halligan tools, bolt cutters and other tools.
Prys die Here.
Pryamid schemes are illegal under the Fair Trading Act .
PSEs are now a widely recognized, but still new, way to provide computational power to users.
PSEs are switches that compose the bulk of the carrier's network.
PSEs provide scientists with a wide range of computational tools available on a single workbench.
PSEs switch data by considering the header data provided as part of each packet.
A psalm is a sacred writing
Psalm flows into the Gospel.
Psalms also contains the longest chapter in the Bible.
Psalms are available as framed prints only.
Psalms are for busy people who have less time to pray.
Psalms are laments and praises cried and sung by the faithful throughout history.
Psalms are one way of patterning that expression.
Psalms are poems.
Psalms are really a wonderful peace of literature.
Psalms are rich in the variety of human emotions.
Psalms are songs for the lyre, and therefore lyric poems in the strictest sense.
Psalms assigned are to be read and studied in preparation for class discussion.
Psalms covers the entire range of human feelings and emotions.
Psalms cxx., and following.
Psalms describes the qualities of wise rule.
Psalms has chapters.
Psalms has much for comfort and good reading.
Psalms have a way with making the words the song.
Psalms is a collection from various sources, some of which are named.
Psalms is one book where the lovely words of poetry are written.
Psalms is the Bible's hymnbook.
Psalms is the book of the heart.
Psalms is the first book in the Writings, the third part of the Hebrew canon.
Psalms is the greatest encourager at any time.
Psalms is the longest book in all the Bible.
Psalms provide much prophecy.
Psalms provides an inspiried book for worship.
Psalms says nothing about the Scriptures.
Psalms thus constitute a revealing portrayal of the human condition.
Psalms uses film dialogue a few times to intro songs, and they do it seamlessly.
Every Psalm anticipates the anguish of the night and gives rest after the efforts of the day.
Every psalm is unique.
Most psalms come across as less preachy and more personal than much devotional writing.
Most psalms fit neatly into one category.
Some psalms deal with holiness, and others with sinfulness.
Some psalms have the grandeur of cathedrals, and some the power of great music.
A psaltery is a stringed instrument
Psalteries are without doubt one of the easiest of all stringed instruments to build and play.
All psalteries are right handed unless otherwise specified.
Psammomatous type are tumors which contain a large number of psammoma bodies.
Many psammophilous species have fossorial relatives.
A psephologist is a sociologist
Psephologists can argue about who is ranked third and fourth.
Pseudo code is a simple English description of the various steps the program accomplishes.
Pseudo code is often better than flow charts.
Pseudo code is unnecessary .
Pseudo codes are great for generalizing ideas and teaching common techniques.
Pseudo elements are difficult to handle.
Pseudo teams are the weakest of all groups in terms of performance impact.
Pseudo triangulations form a superclass of triangulations.
A pseudo is a slicker
Pseudo goes under nine months later.
Pseudo rosettes with tumor cells arranged around small vessels are also present.
A pseudobulb is an enlargement
Pseudobulbs act as storage organs for water and nutrients.
Pseudocardinal teeth are thin, compressed, and elevated.
Pseudocoelomate animals lack a fluid-filled body cavity other than the gut.
A pseudocyesis is a condition
Pseudocyesis is one such phenomenon.
Pseudocylindrical projections map parallels as straight lines.
Pseudocylindrical projections represent the central meridian as a straight line segment.
Pseudoephedrine hydrochloride is a nasal decongestant.
A pseudoephedrine is an alkaloid
Pseudoephedrine can be habit-forming at high doses.
Pseudoephedrine can cause inability to sleep or nervousness.
Pseudoephedrine can cause inability to sleep.
Pseudoephedrine has fewer stimulating effects than others.
Pseudoephedrine has many, many names.
Pseudoephedrine helps unclog stuffy nose and sinuses.
Pseudoephedrine is a decongestant.
Pseudoephedrine is a drug which is similar in action to ephedrine.
Pseudoephedrine is absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract.
Pseudoephedrine is an orally effective nasal decongestant.
Pseudoephedrine is excreted in breast milk.
Pseudoephedrine is extracted from the pills during the process of manufacturing methamphetamine.
Pseudoephedrine is longer-acting than ephedrine, which makes it preferable as a nasal decongestant.
Pseudoephedrine is one of the most common.
Pseudoephedrine is presumed to cross the placenta as well as the blood brain barrier.
Pseudoephedrine is rapidly and almost completely absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract.
Pseudoephedrine is shipped to the United States from Germany, China, India and the Czech Republic.
Pseudoephedrine is used to dry up nasal stuffiness.
Pseudoephedrine is without ergogenic effects during prolonged exercise.
Pseudoephedrine produces little if any rebound congestion.
Pseudoephedrine shrinks swollen nasal tissue and opens up passages.
Pseudoephedrines are alkaloids.
Pseudoephedrines are drugs.
Pseudohermaphrodites have disparity between gonadal and phenotypic sex.
Pseudohexagonal twins are also common.
Pseudomembraneous colitis is an occasional adverse reaction.
Pseudomembranous candidiasis is characterised by white areas on the mouth's mucous membrane.
Pseudomembranous colitis is a severe inflammation of the inner lining of the colon.
A pseudomonad is a bacteria
Pseudomonads are common in soil and water and can live on a wide variety of substrates.
Pseudomonads are oxidase and catalase positive.
Pseudomonads require water, oxygen and nearly any carbon source for growth.
Pseudomonads seem to be common pathogens in our cases.
A pseudonym is a name
Pseudonyms are acceptable.
Pseudonyms are also acceptable.
Pseudonyms are also searchable.
Pseudonyms are common in the radio industry, partly to protect employees' privacy.
Pseudonyms are fine.
Pseudonyms are more informative, with residue and atom labels.
Pseudonyms are names.
Pseudonyms are often nicknames or humorous phrases chosen by a participant to liven up a response.
Pseudonyms can create 'identities' from which there is no escape.
Pseudonyms can increase an author's overall marketability.
Pseudonyms can make artistic statements for the author.
Pseudonyms flourish in the ironic domain and, increasingly, on the Web.
Pseudonyms Use the pseudonym.
Pseudonymous poster appears.
A pseudopod is an appendage
Pseudopod isa body part.
Pseudopods are also important in cell signaling and phagocytosis.
Pseudopods are temporary bulges of the cell.
Pseudopods are used for movement and to capture food.
Pseudopods can also capture prey by phagocytosis .
Pseudopods can also capture prey by phagocytosis.
Pseudopods can also help ameboids feed by surrounding and engulfing a food source.
Pseudopods have (part) corpi.
Pseudopodia are false feet which use the same contractile proteins that are in muscles.
Pseudopodia can occur as multiple rounded or needlelike projections or as a single advancing front.
Pseudopodia extend from the cell surface and later detach to form the blood platelets.
Pseudopodia radiate from the central body.
Pseudopodium emerge from anywhere in the cell surface.
Many pseudopodia are formed simultaneously.
Pseudopotential theory provides an efficient numerical simplification.
Pseudoscience can be extremely dangerous.
Pseudoscience can occur within the bounds of legitimate scientific disciplines.
Pseudoscience can truly be lethal.
Pseudoscience has the trappings of science without any evidence.
Pseudoscience involves ampliative inference.
Pseudoscience is a false belief
Pseudoscience is a problem in the courtroom because pseudoscience is a problem in society.
Pseudoscience is based on observations and facts.
Pseudoscience is fallacy.
Pseudoscience is just the opposite.
Pseudoscience is profitable however.
Pseudoscience is stuff that's nonsense, but appealing to some.
Pseudoscience marches on.
Pseudoscience produces very little explanatory theory.
Pseudosciences appeal to pseudo-authority.
Pseudosciences employ scientific-sounding terminology.
Pseudosciences keep methods a secret, preventing independent investigation.
Pseudosciences lack falsifiability, a key ingredient of a science.
Pseudosciences often present biased and methodologically flawed evaluations as evidence.
Pseudoscientific findings are likely to be persistently difficult to verify.
Pseudoscientific ideas can be exciting.
A pseudoscorpion is an arachnoid
Pseudoscorpions are arachnids.
Pseudoscorpions are predaceous and therefore beneficial.
Pseudoscorpions have a typical arachnid reproductive pattern.
Pseudoscorpions have huge pinchers but no stinger.
Pseudoscorpions remain immobile for a short period.
Pseudoscorpions use their pinchers to catch prey.
Many pseudoscorpions live among leaf litter on the forest floor.
Pseudotemperate bacteriophages form an unstable carrier state within host cells.
Psi function can now deal with complex arguments.
PSI values reflect all of the available measurements in each county.
A psi is an unit
PSI accepts no liability for using any of the providers below.
PSI acts as a strategic business partner committed to maximizing cost savings and system potential.
PSI also gathers the needed building materials.
PSI also has extensive experience and background in re-entry physics technology.
PSI calls their method social marketing.
PSI can assist in the acquisition and disposition of major real estate portfolios.
PSI can help by installing a proven new hire reporting system.
PSI can make a difference.
PSI can meet the requirements of the chemical processors.
PSI combines entrepreneurial spirit with social mission.
PSI conducts promotional tours throughout Zimbabwe to educate local residents about the device.
PSI conducts social marketing research and evaluation around the world.
PSI creates solutions to help businesses operate at peak efficiency.
PSI creates solutions to help businessses operate at peak efficiency.
PSI defines life as knowledge stored in a permanent format.
PSI develops projects that fit with corporations aims and needs.
PSI employs top-notch scientists and support staff to carry out interdisciplinary research.
PSI happens to be our favorite.
PSI has a broad knowledge of applicable codes and regulations that are unique to each industry.
PSI has a copy of the report for development professionals of Adventist institutions.
PSI has a long tradition in searching for particle decay modes forbidden in the standard model.
PSI has experience in all aspects of outside plant construction and design.
PSI has hundreds of contract and permanent job openings within Buffalo, Cleveland and Rochester.
PSI has no synchronisation pattern in the section headers.
PSI has system integration experts, shop facilities, and field installation crews.
PSI has testing centers located in Baltimore, College Park, Hagerstown and Salisbury.
PSI has the expertise and equipment to meet such requirements.
PSI has the largest support organization in the industry.
PSI has very similar pricing.
PSI have three divisions to date.
PSi helps satisfy that requirement.
PSI involves private sector partners.
PSi is a a leader in computer systems and technology support, e-commerce and web design.
PSI is a concrete interface of an abstraction of the transactional object cache architecture.
PSI is a constructor of fiber optic cable systems.
PSI is a leader in providing advanced, feature-rich software to the wholesale distribution industry.
PSI is a licensed general contractor in California, Nevada, Oregon, Alaska, Utah and Washington.
PSI is a measure of the hardness of a wheat kernel.
PSI is a nonprofit company in Houston that coordinates the volunteer home repair program.
PSI is a non-profit making body.
PSI is a private company whose shareholding is closely held.
PSI is a private organization separate from all organizations listed herein.
PSI is a school based educational series taught by high school kids to pre-teens and young teens.
PSI is a square function.
Psi is also independent of task complexity.
PSI is always in search of the ultimate power system .
PSI is an integral part of the continuing education division.
PSI is dedicated to serving lower-income persons.
Psi is dependent on responsibility.
PSI is designed to benefit printers, prep shops, binders, and other shops of all sizes.
PSI is engaged in the business of processing waste orange peels into cattle feed for sale.
PSI is gauge pressure.
PSI is headed by prof.
PSI is involved in the social marketing of health care products.
PSI is located in Boulder and continues to grow rapidly.
PSI is multithreaded, every CGI request runs in a seperate thread.
PSI is one of the largest back bones in the country.
PSI is one of the leading suppliers of self checkout retailing systems.
PSI is open to everyone in the New York City metropolitan area.
PSI is published to serve as a resource for helping people study philanthropy.
PSI is reported as a percentage of the federal health standard for ozone.
PSI is run like a business.
PSI is still possible, however computer staff needs to be contacted before using it.
PSI is the Adventist church's department of philanthropy.
PSI is the country's leading manufacturer of sprayed polyurethane foams for the roofing industry.
PSI is the force of the pressurized air delivered to the tool.
PSI is the international confederation of unions that are active in the public sectors.
PSI is the most reconized cylinder training in the world today.
PSI is the only full-service organization training scuba tank inspectors.
PSI is the professional resource for office professionals.
PSI is the second building on the left.
PSI knows the professional and psychometric standards for test administration.
PSI leads the industry in connectivity.
PSI maintains a full service web site that includes a locator service.
PSI maintains a mold shop on the premises.
PSI manufactures a comprehensive line of products for business and industry.
PSI offers a competitive wage, excellent benefits package and relocation assistance.
PSI offers many types of certification.
PSI offers practical, hands-on training taught by industry experts.
PSI prides itself with knowledgeable, professional English speaking clerks.
PSI provides access to periodical articles, both current and retrospective.
PSI provides an inexpensive software solution instead of an expensive hardware approach.
PSI provides complete solutions for corporate, educational, manufacturing and retail.
PSi provides customized applications for each of our client's unique technology challenges.
PSI provides millions of low-income persons around the world with affordable health products.
PSI Provides reliable safe, manageable access to plutonium.
PSI quits making acquisitions early next year.
PSI rescues valuable BGA and fine pitch components, as well as assemblies from company scrap piles.
PSI reserves the right to change scheduling after a reservation has been made.
PSI says other services have followed suit since then.
PSI sells advanced, feature-rich software to the wholesale distribution industry.
PSI sells an attractive wall poster displaying the entire number in decimal.
PSI specializes in the development of systems that address the needs of public executives.
PSI strives to find the most talented professionals in the industry.
PSI therefore reserves the right to change specifications without notice.
PSI undertakes on-site fabrication and factory built stainless steel storage and process tanks.
PSI uses the dynamism and resources of the private sector to achieve social goals.
PSI utilizes top performing no-load mutual funds to manage assets.
PSIs allow judges to make better, more informed decisions in the use of correctional resources.
Psis are letters.
Psis are software.
PSIs give judges more information about the people they are about to sentence.
Many PSIs contain a writer's specific sentencing recommendations to the court as well.
PSIF sequence is very sensitive for movemnt.
A psilocybin is a psychoactive drug
Psilocybin changes certain things in the brain .
Psilocybin changes certain things in the brain.
Psilocybin comes from certain mushrooms.
Psilocybins are chemical compounds.
Psilocybins are drugs.
Psilocybins are hallucinogens.
A psilomelane is a mineral
Psilomelane is referred to as black malachite because it often has the ring pattern like malachite.
PSIM simulator is the engine of the simulation package.
Psionic combat is the same as in the old rules with a few twists.
Psionic powers are available to people, potentially at the cost of their sanity.
Psionic powers are optional.
Psittacine birds have a very strong beak and are also known as hookbills, for obvious reasons.
A psittacosis is an animal disease
Psittacosis also causes chlamydial eye and respiratory infections in cats.
Psittacosis can cause a variety of symptoms.
Psittacosis can cause respiratory infections in man.
Psittacosis can exist as a completely asymptomatic condition or acute, systemic fatal disease.
Psittacosis can infect more than just birds.
Psittacosis can occur in a mild form, which can be completely cured.
Psittacosis is a common and important disease in pet bird medicine.
Psittacosis is a common disease in all types of parrots.
Psittacosis is a disease caused by the bacterium Chlamydia psittaci.
Psittacosis is a disease of low incidence that tends to occur sporadically.
Psittacosis is a disease that almost any bird can have including chickens, turkeys and pigeons.
Psittacosis is a disease that is often called parrot fever or chlamydiosis.
Psittacosis is a fairly common infection among parrots, which can be transmitted to humans.
Psittacosis is a reportable disease in many states since it can infect humans.
Psittacosis is a serious disease acquired by handling birds or by inhaling dust from bird faeces.
Psittacosis is an upper respiratory infection usually caught from cage birds e.g. parrots.
Psittacosis is Chlamydia psittaci infection contracted from infected birds.
Psittacosis is common in wild birds of all types and can occur in laboratory bird colonies as well.
Psittacosis is highly contagious from bird to bird and from bird to man.
Psittacosis is prevalent in birds of that category and very infectious to humans.
Psittacosis is primarily a lung disease but it can involve several organs.
Psittacosis is spread through inhalation of feather and fecal dust.
Psittacosis is transmissable to people.
Psittacosis is uncommon in children.
Psittacosis produces a large number of symptoms, ranging from nearly asymptomatic to very serious.
Psittacosises are animal diseases.
Psittacosises are bacterial infection.
Psittacosises are diseases.
A psocid is an insect
Psocids are small, soft-bodied insects that resemble aphids.
Psocids are small, winged, soft-bodied insects colored gray or brown.
Psocids become a pest when they invade homes - almost always linked with damp conditions.
Psocids favour damp conditions.
Psocids feed on a wide variety of organic matter, both of animal and plant origin.
Psocids thrive in damp, warm undisturbed environments.
Psoriasis treatments tend to be divided into topical and systemic therapies.
A psoriasis is skin disorder
Psoriasis affects approximately two percent of the populations of European and North America.
Psoriasis affects females slightly more than males in all age groups.
Psoriasis affects men and women equally.
Psoriasis affects millions of men, women, and children of all ages and races.
Psoriasis affects millions of people.
Psoriasis also produces erythema and plaques that can occur in any location.
Psoriasis also tends to run in families.
Psoriasis appears in men and women in equal number.
Psoriasis appears to be an inherited disorder.
Psoriasis appears to be slightly more prevalent in women than men.
Psoriasis can affect people both in their perception of themselves and in their relationships.
Psoriasis can affect the lid, conjunctiva, and cornea.
Psoriasis can affect the nails, scalp, skin and joints.
Psoriasis can affect the scalp.
Psoriasis can affect the type of work people do if it is visible.
Psoriasis can also be a side effect or reaction of the consumption of strong drugs and medicine.
Psoriasis can appear at any age, but becomes less common in older people.
Psoriasis can appear in several different forms.
Psoriasis can be a physically and emotionally painful condition.
Psoriasis can be painful and even disfiguring.
Psoriasis can be physically and emotionally disabling.
Psoriasis can be very uncomfortable.
Psoriasis can become a chronic skin problem and often affects the scalp.
Psoriasis can cause thick flaky patches on the head, the elbows, and the knees.
Psoriasis can develop at a site of physical trauma such as surgery, sunburn, or scratching.
Psoriasis can develop de novo, or be aggravated, and is usually difficult to treat.
Psoriasis can develop for the first time in sites of skin injury from cuts, burns or infections.
Psoriasis can differ by appearance.
Psoriasis can occur at any age from infancy to the elderly.
Psoriasis can range from mild to moderate to very severe and disabling.
Psoriasis can range in severity and affect any part of the body, including the nails and scalp.
Psoriasis can start at any age.
Psoriasis can strike men, women , children at any age, at any time.
Psoriasis causes the skin to lose water to the environment.
Psoriasis causes thick, red patches on the body with a covering of flaky, silvery scales.
Psoriasis classically is on the elbows, knees and trunk in scaling patches and plaques.
Psoriasis comes in many different variations and degrees of severity.
Psoriasis comes in many forms.
Psoriasis generally attacks on genital and surrounded area, underarms, scalp, elbows, and ear.
Psoriasis generally precedes the arthritis.
Psoriasis has physical symptoms that are well known.
Psoriasis has several treatment options.
Psoriasis has very definite features on biopsy.
Psoriasis involves hyperproliferation of the keratinocytes in the epidermis.
Psoriasis is a chronic , lifelong condition that can be controlled with treatment.
Psoriasis is a chronic disease characterized by over production of new skin.
Psoriasis is a chronic disease that leaves the skin red and scaly.
Psoriasis is a chronic disease that leaves the skin red, scaly, uncomfortable and easily irritated.
Psoriasis is a chronic disease with profound social implications.
Psoriasis is a chronic illness that, in many cases, requires continuous treatment.
Psoriasis is a chronic recurring skin disease.
Psoriasis is a chronic skin disease characterised by red, scaly and often itchy blotches of skin.
Psoriasis is a chronic skin disease in which itchy scaly red patches form on parts of the body.
Psoriasis is a chronic skin disease, in which the skin surface covers with dark red scaly patches.
Psoriasis is a chronic skin disorder that can be painful and disabling.
Psoriasis is a chronic, recurrent disease of the skin.
Psoriasis is a chronic, recurring disease with silvery bumps and plaques of various sizes.
Psoriasis is a common and chronic skin disease of unknown cause.
Psoriasis is a common chronic skin condition that causes red patches on the body.
Psoriasis is a common condition which, at times, can be difficult to treat.
Psoriasis is a common inflammatory disease of the skin.
Psoriasis is a common skin condition that occurs when the skin cells replace themselves too quickly.
Psoriasis is a common skin disease.
Psoriasis is a common skin problem.
Psoriasis is a common, chronic skin disorder.
Psoriasis is a complex skin disease that affects people physically and emotionally.
Psoriasis is a condition that has no satisfactory treatment at present.
Psoriasis is a disease of the elderly.
Psoriasis is a disease of unknown cause.
Psoriasis is a disorder that varies in type and degree of severity.
Psoriasis is a growth of too many skin cells.
Psoriasis is a hereditary condition.
Psoriasis is a misunderstood condition.
Psoriasis is a non-contagious chronic skin disorder characterized by abnormal cell growth.
Psoriasis is a non-contagious skin disorder that usually appears as inflamed and scaly skin lesions.
Psoriasis is a paradigm for skin diseases in general.
Psoriasis is a problem only because it itches and can be unsightly.
Psoriasis is a problem only because it itches and is unsightly.
Psoriasis is a puzzle.
Psoriasis is a scaly skin condition which can take many forms.
Psoriasis is a single disease with several forms of expression and a range of severity.
Psoriasis is a skin condition that can be found anywhere on the body.
Psoriasis is a skin disease that causes scaling, inflammation, and dry, cracked skin.
Psoriasis is a skin disorder that results in thick patches of inflamed, red skin.
Psoriasis is a skin disorder that s largely inherited.
Psoriasis is a skin disorder with a genetic basis.
Psoriasis is an obstinate condition, where there is no sure cure, even with homoeopathy.
Psoriasis is an overgrowth of the epidermis caused by abnormal cell division.
Psoriasis is associated with changes in the nails of the hands and feet.
Psoriasis is believed to be a result of poor utilization of fat.
Psoriasis is characterized by a waxing and waning course.
Psoriasis is characterized by excessive growth and shedding of the outer layer in the skin.
Psoriasis is characterized by frequent episodes of recurrences and remissions.
Psoriasis is characterized by recurring remissions and exacerbations.
Psoriasis is characterized by red patches covered with a thick silvery scale.
Psoriasis is characterized by red plaques with thick, flaking, silvery scales.
Psoriasis is characterized by thick plaques on the elbows, knees and body, dandruff and thick nails.
Psoriasis is contagious.
Psoriasis is degenerative diasease.
Psoriasis is derived from the Greek word 'psora', which means itch.
Psoriasis is even occasionally responsive to zinc supplementation.
Psoriasis is extremely rare among people with dark skin.
Psoriasis is indicated when arthritis and skin scaling at the elbow accompany pitting.
Psoriasis is milder, but is very distressing.
Psoriasis is much improved.
Psoriasis is neither infectious nor contagious.
Psoriasis is often hereditary.
Psoriasis is often misunderstood by the public, which can make social interactions awkward.
Psoriasis is often recurrent and occurs in varying severities.
Psoriasis is one of the commonest skin conditions in Britain.
Psoriasis is possibly a fumaric acid metabolism defect.
Psoriasis is rare in countries where a low fat diet is found.
Psoriasis is seen as a natural degenerative progression of overall allergy in the human body.
Psoriasis is similar to rheumatoid arthritis in numerous ways.
Psoriasis is sometimes worse in winter and clears up during the summer months.
Psoriasis is treated in a similar manner, though with different medications.
Psoriasis is triggered by an increased cell division activity in the basal layer of the skin.
Psoriasis is very common.
Psoriasis knows no boundaries - it attacks from birth to old age.
Psoriasis means that the skin changes seven times faster than normal.
Psoriasis occurs equally among men and women.
Psoriasis occurs often in skin creases or folds.
Psoriasis occurs when new skin cells are made too quickly.
Psoriasis occurs when skin cells are produced too quickly.
Psoriasis occurs when skin cells form too quickly and never mature.
Psoriasis occurs with equal frequency in both sexes.
Psoriasis presents in several different clinical variants along with varying degrees of severity.
Psoriasis runs in families.
Psoriasis seems to run in families and occurs most often in teenagers and young adults.
Psoriasis takes a while to go away.
Psoriasis typically goes through cycles.
Psoriasises are autoimmune diseases.
Psoriasises are diseases.
Psoriasises are skin diseases.
Psoriasis often gets worse with physical or emotional stress or with injuries to the skin.
Psoriasis often runs in families.
Psoriasis usually precedes arthritis.
Psoriasis usually precedes the onset of arthritis by several years.
Psoriasis usually presents with red scaly patches on the scalp, body and limbs.
Psoriasis usually starts as one or more small red plaques that become excessively flaky.
Most psoriasis occurs in patches.
Psoriatic arthritis can cause stiffness, pain, throbbing, swelling, or tenderness of the joints.
Psoriatic arthritis can start slowly with mild symptoms, or it can develop quickly.
Psoriatic arthritis has equal gender.
Psoriatic arthritis involves a variety of joints and the skin.
Psoriatic arthritis is a disabling disease.
Psoriatic arthritis is a form of arthritis that occurs in people who also suffer from psoriasis.
Psoriatic arthritis is a form of joint disease that is similar to rheumatoid arthritis.
Psoriatic Arthritis Is a mild arthritis affecting older children.
Psoriatic arthritis is classified as different from other arthritic diseases.
Psoriatic arthritis is diseases.
Psoriatic arthritis is rheumatism
Psoriatic arthritis is very difficult to treat.
Psoriatic arthritis occurs in a wider age group with equal numbers of men and women affected.
Psoriatic lesions have a tendency to appear at sites of trauma.
Psoriatic nails appear similar to fungal nails.
Psoriatic plaques can extend from the lid onto the conjunctiva.
PSPC members are major resin suppliers as well as manufacturers of polystyrene products.
Pspice simulations reveal some unexpected things.
A psyche is knowledge
Psyche appears to be a case of an exposed metallic core from a bigger differentiated parent body .
Psyche appears to be a case of an exposed metallic core from a bigger differentiated parent body.
Psyche appears to have a fairly round surface and is approximately ellipsoidal in shape.
Psyche approaches the Ceres altar.
Psyche eats it.
Psyche ends up by becoming a goddess.
Psyche falls in love with a creature feared even by the gods.
Psyche feels miserable.
Psyche gives Venus the vessel of water.
Psyche influences Soma and Soma influences Psyche.
Psyche is a Greek word for the soul and cybernetics is the study of information systems.
Psyche is a princess so beautiful that the goddess Venus becomes jealous.
Psyche is also great, good without sappiness.
Psyche is perhaps the most similar to our proposed system.
Psyche is represented as one of the three daughters of a king.
Psyche is said to be the goddess of butterflies.
Psyche is shown as a possessed hysteric.
Psyche is the Greek equivalent for Anima , the Latin word for soul .
Psyche is the Greek word for both soul and butterfly.
Psyche is the oldest continuously used soda logo.
Psyche is the word the Greeks used to name the three levels of personal consciousness.
Psyche is useful for finding the stable part, and Endurance is useful in surviving it.
Psyche Let there be three altars.
Psyche loves stories.
Psyche means soul.
Psyche means the soul or the spirit .
Psyche plays a big part in the overall ability to win.
Psyche possesses a logos which increases itself.
Psyche really has no competitors here.
Psyche receives it, leaves it at the altar.
Psyche refers to the intentional person.
Psyche reveals itself in psyche's works.
Psyche rules the fifth house.
Psyche sleeps in a bower of roses, by a marble pool, in an atmosphere of hushed beauty.
Psyche swings round, facing the stranger and holds out the lamp.
Psyche uses page faults to trigger cross domain calls rather than explicit traps by stubs.
Psyches have properties that outreach the physical.
A psychedelia is subculture
Psychedelia is also ceremonial.
Psychedelia is now.
Psychedelia is ritualistic.
Psychedelia is the operative concept here.
Psychedelia is, or at least attempts to be, contemplative.
Psychedelias are subculture.
Psychedelic blues rock almost always seems to be in fashion.
Psychedelic colours can also result during partial bleaching.
Psychedelic decorators mourn for the creator of the lava lamp.
A psychedelic drug is a psychoactive drug
Psychedelic drugs are for hippies and ravers.
Psychedelic drugs are well-covered.
Any psychedelic effects seem to have been blurred by the more obvious toxic actions of the drug.
Psychedelic music can happen in almost every kind of music , even classical Western art music .
Psychedelic music can happen in almost every kind of music, even classical Western art music.
Psychedelic sacraments are the sine qua non of our religion.
Psychedelic sixties live web radio station.
Psychedelic vans outnumber sport utility vehicles in town.
Psychiactric disorders can also be a cause.
Psychiatric aides provide basic care for patients who have psychological disorders.
Psychiatric aides work in hospitals and institutions.
Psychiatric assessment is available as needed.
Psychiatric behaviors can mimic AOD use problems.
Psychiatric behaviors can mimic behaviors associated with AOD problems.
Psychiatric care differs from other areas of health care.
Psychiatric care focuses on evaluation, consultation and psychopharmacologic management.
Psychiatric case notes to contain main assessment details.
Psychiatric clients are often a forgotten population.
Psychiatric consultation has two potential objectives.
Psychiatric consultation is also available as needed.
Psychiatric consultation is also available when needed.
Psychiatric consultation is also available when recommended by a counselor.
Psychiatric consultation is available when deemed necessary by the counselor.
Psychiatric consultation is available when necessary.
Psychiatric consultation is available.
Psychiatric consultation is critical in making such a decision.
Psychiatric consultation is necessary after medical clearance.
Psychiatric consultation is necessary before discharge if the arsenic ingestion was intentional.
Psychiatric consultation is necessary if exposure was deliberate.
Psychiatric consultation is necessary in cases with deliberate exposure.
Psychiatric consultation is necessary prior to discharge if the ingestion was intentional.
Psychiatric consultation is recommended.
Psychiatric consultations are also available.
Psychiatric counseling is one of the most important aspects of treatment.
Psychiatric diagnoses are largely a group of loosely defined clinical syndromes with a clear cause.
Psychiatric diagnosis runs along similar lines.
Many psychiatric diagnoses overlap in symptoms.
Psychiatric disabilities affect people of any age, gender, income group, and intellectual level.
Psychiatric disabilities are treatable.
Psychiatric disabilities represent the fastest growing cause of lost time.
Psychiatric disabilities vary.
Psychiatric disability has a devastating impact on the lives of people who experience it.
Psychiatric disease is disgraceful in Russia.
Psychiatric diseases are the most difficult to predict.
Psychiatric disorder following childbirth is common, and much of it is serious.
Psychiatric disorders are brain illnesses that arise through no fault of the patient or the family.
Psychiatric disorders are difficult to identify and treat - even in the best circumstances.
Psychiatric disorders are highly prevalent and impairing conditions.
Psychiatric disorders are of major clinical relevance in our society.
Psychiatric disorders are treatable with psychotherapy and drugs.
Psychiatric disorders can increase or decrease one's libido.
Psychiatric disorders interfere with sleep, and lack of sleep intensifies symptoms.
Psychiatric disorders present in a number of different forms in the elderly.
Many psychiatric disorders require a combination of drug therapy and psychotherapy.
Most psychiatric disorders respond to treatment with medications.
Some psychiatric disorders are very difficult to diagnose accurately.
Some psychiatric disorders interfere with the ability to think and memorize quickly.
Psychiatric disturbances are common.
Psychiatric drugs can sometimes cause the opposite effect from what they are supposed to.
Psychiatric drugs have a strange effect.
All psychiatric drugs act on the brain and alter it.
All psychiatric drugs are harmful.
Many psychiatric drugs can cause dry mouth, known medically as xerostomia.
Most psychiatric drugs are far more dangerous to take than people realize.
Most psychiatric drugs are unable to be abused.
Some psychiatric drugs do help children, but school and family are crucial, too.
Psychiatric ethics is well written and good value for money.
Psychiatric evaluation is necessary for intentional ingestions.
Psychiatric examination follows more counselling to rule out delusion in the patient.
Psychiatric facilities are proportionately larger than most VA hospitals of the same size.
Psychiatric help can also be helpful in developing a rehabilitation programme .
A psychiatric hospital is a hospital
Psychiatric hospitals acquire the reputation of being benign.
Psychiatric hospitals are hospitals.
Psychiatric hospitals discharge people with little hope of finding housing on their own.
Psychiatric hospitals prefer the less rigorous general standards.
Psychiatric hospitals serve large geographic areas.
Psychiatric hospitals tend to have wider confidence limits.
Most psychiatric hospitals have yet to establish geriatric wards.
Psychiatric hospitalization is available if necessary.
Psychiatric illness is diagnosed where none exists.
Psychiatric illness is just that - an illness, that is treatable.
Psychiatric illness is missed completely.
Psychiatric illnesses are a predisposing factor.
Psychiatric illnesses are often undetected.
Many psychiatric illnesses benefit from combined biological and psychological treatments.
Many psychiatric illnesses take years of counseling and drugs.
Psychiatric impairments involve a biological, social or psychological dysfunction.
Psychiatric impairments involve a biological, social, or psychological dysfunction.
Psychiatric information requires the very highest level of privacy protection.
Psychiatric management follows a thorough evaluation of all signs, symptoms, and history.
Psychiatric medication can be helpful for many of the symptoms and problems identified.
Psychiatric medication can be helpful for many of the symptoms and problems.
Psychiatric medication is psychoactive drugs.
Psychiatric medications are a specialty in and of themselves.
Psychiatric medications are more difficult to assess.
Psychiatric medications have a demonstrated role in the treatment of patients with eating disorders.
Psychiatric medications have their place in treatment in terms of lessening painful symptoms.
Psychiatric medicines can increase the chance of developing the disease of diabetes .
Psychiatric morbidity is the level of impairment caused by psychiatric illness.
Psychiatric nosology is like a political map.
Psychiatric nurses are community or hospital-based.
Psychiatric nurses have a long and proud history of providing safe quality care.
Psychiatric nurses provide educational programs on a variety of topics to a variety of audiences.
All psychiatric nurses come from psychiatric clinical specialties and facilities.
Psychiatric nursing is a self-regulated profession.
Psychiatric outpatients report their experiences as participants in a randomized clinical trial.
Psychiatric patients are particularly vulnerable.
More psychiatric patients receive care from family physicians than probably any other providers.
Psychiatric perception defines suicidality as a psychopathological symptom of depression.
Psychiatric practice is more secreted from scrutiny than any other medical specialty.
Psychiatric problems are more common.
Psychiatric referral is most successful if continuity with the primary caretaker is assured.
Psychiatric referrals are also available.
Psychiatric rehabilitation deals with the person in an environmental context.
Psychiatric reports corroborate the young women' torture allegations.
Psychiatric research has an additional risk.
Psychiatric services are also available when indicated.
Psychiatric services are also available.
Psychiatric services are available as needed.
Psychiatric services are available by referral only.
Psychiatric services are available on campus.
Psychiatric services are available when indicated.
Psychiatric services are conveniently accessible.
Psychiatric services are inadequate.
Psychiatric services have to find a precarious balance beside abuse and neglect.
Psychiatric specialists can adjust deviants, when they crop up, so there are also no prisons.
Psychiatric specialties account for a significant proportion of overall day patient numbers.
Psychiatric staff is available for consultation and medication assessment.
Psychiatric survivors are no longer the stepchildren of the disability movement.
Psychiatric survivors fight back against the discrimination and torture.
Psychiatric symptoms can include depression, brain fog, memory problems, and even psychosis.
Psychiatric terminology is presented.
Psychiatric theories form the basis of psychiatric criminology.
Psychiatric theories use the metaphor of layers to dull rather than to stimulate the moral sense.
Psychiatric time is available on a limited basis.
Psychiatric treatment is as effective in the elderly as in younger age groups.
Psychiatric treatment is on hand where necessary.
Psychiatric treatments are harmful.
Psychiatric treatments are medical treatments.
All psychiatric treatments are harmful.
Psychiatrist Psychiatrists are medical doctors who specialize in mental and emotional illness.
A psychiatrist is a specialist
Psychiatrist gives drugs.
Psychiatrists access both the mental and physical aspects of psychological disturbance.
Psychiatrists admit it can sometimes be hard to distinguish deeply held beliefs from delusions.
Psychiatrists also act as consultants in drug and alcohol programs and to community services.
Psychiatrists also are likely to find themselves called on to provide time-limited therapies.
Psychiatrists also have experience evaluating many categories of violent-prone individuals.
Psychiatrists also learn how medications sometimes cause problems to the brain.
Psychiatrists appear to be willing to trade off more constraints for higher incomes.
Psychiatrists are able to prescribe medication.
Psychiatrists are all crazy and politicians are all corrupt.
Psychiatrists are also available for consultation.
Psychiatrists are also available to diagnose and treat psychiatric disorders.
Psychiatrists are also best able to address biological and psychosocial issues.
Psychiatrists are also leaders in the development and practice of psychotherapies.
Psychiatrists are conspicuous by their absence.
Psychiatrists are counselors.
Psychiatrists are deans of about a dozen medical schools.
Psychiatrists are doctors.
Psychiatrists are experts by profession, but service users are experts by experience.
Psychiatrists are free to declare as many people disordered as they wish.
Psychiatrists are good listeners, too, who really think about what they are told.
Psychiatrists are in charge in mental wards.
Psychiatrists are MDs, and they can prescribe medication.
Psychiatrists are MDs, so they can prescribe medication.
Psychiatrists are medical doctors and can prescribe medication.
Psychiatrists are medical doctors first and foremost.
Psychiatrists are medical doctors that have specialized in psychological illnesses.
Psychiatrists are medical doctors who acquire specialized training in the field of psyciatry.
Psychiatrists are medical doctors who administer medications to psychologically disturbed clients.
Psychiatrists are medical doctors who diagnose and treat mental and emotional disorders.
Psychiatrists are medical doctors who specialize in treating mental illnesses.
Psychiatrists are medical doctors with several years of training in human biology and treatments.
Psychiatrists are medical doctors with specialty training in mental health.
Psychiatrists are medical doctors.
Psychiatrists are more likely than psychologists to treat individuals with severe mental disorders.
Psychiatrists are no different.
Psychiatrists are often reluctant to deal with violent children.
Psychiatrists are physicians who can treat patients medically and therapeutically.
Psychiatrists are physicians who have special training in emotional and mental health.
Psychiatrists are physicians who specialize in the treatment of psychological disorders.
Psychiatrists are physicians with specialized training in mental health.
Psychiatrists are physicians, and in general they are the only ones that can prescribe medication.
Psychiatrists are physicians, trained to provide medical diagnosis and treatment.
Psychiatrists are physicians.
Psychiatrists are primary mental health physicians.
Psychiatrists are responsible for keeping up with the advancing standard of care.
Psychiatrists are seriously interested in helping their patients.
Psychiatrists are specialists.
Psychiatrists are the basic helpers of ad men.
Psychiatrists are the care givers who use biological intervention.
Psychiatrists are the only mental health professionals who can prescribe medication.
Psychiatrists are the only mental health professionals who prescribe medication.
Psychiatrists are the physicians best suited to diagnose and treat depression.
Psychiatrists are, first and foremost, medical doctors.
Psychiatrists assert that suicide in any form is absolutely and completely a personalized decision.
Psychiatrists attempt to untie the knots that hold on.
Psychiatrists believe that a depression diagnosis is missed in up to two-third of affected patients.
Psychiatrists call it dysthymia or chronic sadness if the blue mood lasts for two years or more.
Psychiatrists call it symptom substitution.
Psychiatrists can also complete a fellowship to specialize in geriatric psychiatry.
Psychiatrists can diagnose and treat depression, phobias, neuroses.
Psychiatrists can help people cope with the depression that often accompanies visual loss.
Psychiatrists can prescribe antidepressant drugs because they are physicians.
Psychiatrists can prescribe medication and often practice some form of psychotherapy.
Psychiatrists can prescribe medication as part of the treatment plan.
Psychiatrists can prescribe medication for problems such as depression or sleep disturbances.
Psychiatrists can prescribe medication, do diagnostic testing, and provide therapy.
Psychiatrists can prescribe medications, if needed.
Psychiatrists can prescribe psychiatric medication .
Psychiatrists can prescribe psychiatric medication.
Psychiatrists can specialise in psychotherapy during training.
Psychiatrists can truly help.
Psychiatrists can use videoconferencing to provide psychiatric services to patients at remote sites.
Psychiatrists categorize symptoms into three categories.
Psychiatrists classify childhood depression into two types-major depressive disorder and dysthymia.
Psychiatrists collect the rent.
Psychiatrists come from all kinds of ethnic and religious backgrounds.
Psychiatrists contribute significantly to the course as tutors and case writers.
Psychiatrists create the diseases they pretend to cure by an act of rhetorical fiat.
Psychiatrists deal with the study, treatment, and prevention of mental illness.
Psychiatrists diagnose and treat the following anxiety disorders.
Psychiatrists diagnose the disease with a series of standardized questions.
Psychiatrists do hand out pills.
Psychiatrists do it for at least fifty dollars per session.
Psychiatrists do it like crazy.
Psychiatrists do it on the couch.
Psychiatrists do study the whole psychological history of a person.
Psychiatrists easily understand the idea of seeing a patient for as long as it takes.
Psychiatrists enjoy special psychotherapeutic skills useful in disasters.
Psychiatrists evaluate and treat individuals with a wide range of difficulties.
Psychiatrists evaluate Internet communication.
Psychiatrists feel that bedtime reading helps to build strong bonding with the child.
Psychiatrists first graduate from medical school.
Psychiatrists go crazy over it.
Psychiatrists have a checklist to determine whether a patient is autistic.
Psychiatrists have a high suicide rate.
Psychiatrists have a medical background and graduate from medical school.
Psychiatrists have a number of therapies that have shown to be effective.
Psychiatrists have a very important role in the assessment of threats.
Psychiatrists have an MD degree and can legally take whatever drug they want.
Psychiatrists have more training in the clinical depression and usually prescribe anti-depressants.
Psychiatrists have somewhat of an advantage here.
Psychiatrists make a medically based decision and can prescribe.
Psychiatrists only have a description of abnormal moods in their textbooks.
Psychiatrists pass boards and are licensed within each state.
Psychiatrists play a key role in the delivery of mental health services.
Psychiatrists prescribe medicine.
Psychiatrists provide evaluation and medical management.
Psychiatrists provide evaluation and treatment of children, adults, and families.
Psychiatrists provide individual, group, and family therapy.
Psychiatrists provide initial evaluations with on-going monitoring and medication management.
Psychiatrists recommend both individual and group social activities for chronically ill children.
Psychiatrists refer their patients for psychiatric rehabilitation.
Psychiatrists say early intervention is also important.
Psychiatrists say one in four people are mentally ill.
Psychiatrists say one out of four people are mentally ill.
Psychiatrists say that one in four people are mentally ill.
Psychiatrists say that one in four people is mentally ill.
Psychiatrists say that one of four people are mentally ill.
Psychiatrists say that one of four people is mentally ill.
Psychiatrists say that one out of four people are mentally ill.
Psychiatrists say they ve got more men coming in.
Psychiatrists say what happens now is vital to how the children recover.
Psychiatrists specialise in their own defects.
Psychiatrists spend many years learning about how the body and the brain work .
Psychiatrists spend many years learning about how the body and the brain work.
Psychiatrists spend many years learning how medications can help the brain work better .
Psychiatrists spend many years learning how medications can help the brain work better.
Psychiatrists still find new rules, Methinks they are a pack of fools.
Psychiatrists study, treat, and prevent mental illness.
Psychiatrists talk to psychologists.
Psychiatrists think they do it.
Psychiatrists treat patients with mental, emotional, or behavioral disorders.
Psychiatrists treat people with mental illness.
Psychiatrists try to free people from guilt.
Psychiatrists use a wide range of treatments.
Psychiatrists use many forms of psychotherapy.
Psychiatrists view man as an animal.
Psychiatrists work from a bio-chemical perspective.
Psychiatrists work from a medical background.
Psychiatrists often have conflicting interests.
Psychiatrists often resent such second-guessing.
Psychiatrists often use drugs, imprisonment, and harmful adversives on their victims.
Psychiatrists often work with upset, fearful, or depressed people.
Psychiatrists sometimes seem a bit insecure in the medical world.
Psychiatrists usually use medications in combination with psychotherapy.
Psychiatrists usually use medications in combination with some form of psychotherapy.
Psychiatrists usually work closely with the patient's primary care physician and family.
All psychiatrists adhere to rules governing doctor-patient privilege.
All psychiatrists are board certified in general and child adolescent psychiatry.
Many psychiatrists also believe compulsive shopping is a disease.
Many psychiatrists also use medication to treat the disorder.
Many psychiatrists are beholden to the pharmaceutical companies for their livelihood.
Many psychiatrists are clean-shaven.
Many psychiatrists believe that all sin is just hang ups.
Many psychiatrists continue training beyond the initial four years.
Many psychiatrists feel that drastic accommodations to managed care changes have already been made.
Many psychiatrists have a predominantly private practice.
Many psychiatrists now specialize in treating depression.
Many psychiatrists prescribe exercise as treatment for mental depression.
Many psychiatrists reduce or eliminate medication after a year or two.
Many psychiatrists treat depression with drugs that raise brain levels of serotonin.
Many psychiatrists use both medication and forms of talk therapy.
More psychiatrists begin to diagnose and treat the disorder successfully in children.
Most psychiatrists also complete a residency in psychiatry.
Most psychiatrists are pre-med majors in undergraduate colleges and universities.
Most psychiatrists are too busy for our own good.
Most psychiatrists believe in the primacy of biology.
Most psychiatrists claim no expertise in matters of morality or law.
Most Psychiatrists only handle medication prescriptions for patients.
Most psychiatrists say that. . .
Most psychiatrists use drugs as a treatment.
Some psychiatrists are perfectly comfortable working primarily as pharmacologists.
Some psychiatrists choose to engage in therapy with clients.
Some psychiatrists continue to do therapy.
Some psychiatrists gain additional training and experience within the field of psychiatry.
Some psychiatrists refer their ADD patients to professional organizers.
Some psychiatrists say the drug is overused.
Some psychiatrists specialize further in the treatment of certain age groups or illnesses.
Some psychiatrists specialize in group therapy or individual counseling.
Some psychiatrists specialize in therapies such as treatment of alcohol and chemical dependencies.
Some psychiatrists still insist there are neurotics with normal sexual lives.
Some psychiatrists tend to err on the side of the prosecution, others on the side of the defendant.
Some Psychiatrists use it to indicate the appropriate type of drug to use.
Psychiatry attracts dilettantes who read in order to find a glib solution to their own problems.
Psychiatry can be full of quackery.
Psychiatry can empower itself and regain the authority that it deserves.
Psychiatry faces a number of challenges.
Psychiatry focuses on affective , behavioral, cognitive , and perceptual disorders.
Psychiatry has much to offer for chronic pain.
Psychiatry has no interest in civilization.
Psychiatry is a branch of medicine.
Psychiatry is a medical specialty dedicated to the treatment of individuals with mental disorders.
Psychiatry is a powerful entity in our legal and social system.
Psychiatry is a rehabilitative specialty that is constantly helping in the process of assimilation.
Psychiatry is a relatively new science.
Psychiatry is a relatively young science and there is still much to be learned.
Psychiatry is a science in development.
Psychiatry is a specialty of medicine like surgery, internal medicine or pediatrics.
Psychiatry is a very dangerous disorder, and often resistant to reason.
Psychiatry is a wonderful speciality for women with kids.
Psychiatry is an instrument of the coercive apparatus of the status.
Psychiatry is an out right fraud.
Psychiatry is at an historic frontier.
Psychiatry is full of theories, many of which oppose each other.
Psychiatry is generally a pretty benign rotation.
Psychiatry is like that.
Psychiatry is medicine
Psychiatry is medicine.
Psychiatry is no exception.
Psychiatry is nowhere to be found in the plan for successful child rearing.
Psychiatry is one of the larger departments in the hospital.
Psychiatry is one of the most successful applications so far.
Psychiatry is out, social workers are in, and psychologists want to write prescriptions.
Psychiatry is perceived to be a resource for the affluent.
Psychiatry is therefore a branch of medicine.
Psychiatry is truly a dynamic discipline.
Psychiatry is updated on a rolling ten year basis.
Psychiatry is versatile.
Psychiatry maintains a close collaboration with pediatrics.
Psychiatry observes that women have been conditioned to be more observant of personal relationships.
Psychiatry obviously requires a medical degree.
Psychiatry provides a further insight into the problematic knowledge claims of the human sciences.
Psychiatry requires a doctor with the appropriate qualification.
Psychiatry requires a medical degree with a specialization in psychiatry.
Psychiatry says it works.
Psychiatry treats people who are sick and who require treatment for mental illness.
Psychiatry uses diagnostic labels for authorization to intervene and fix.
Psychic abilities are inherent in consciousness.
Psychic abilities are just too weird.
Psychic abilities are scary.
Psychic abilities are the most effective tool for spiritual growth there is.
Psychic abilities involve the use of all of our senses.
Psychic ability goes hand in hand with all exceptional ability.
Psychic ability has to have a confident spirit in which to grow.
Psychic ability is a gift from spirit.
Psychic ability is a gift uninvited by true psychics.
Psychic ability is a skill of the mind and imagination.
Psychic ability is a useful technique, because it hovers on the borders of sci-fi and reality.
Psychic ability is a way of perceiving and using energy that is different from the physical world.
Psychic ability is as common as the ability to walk.
Psychic ability is like a musical or artistic talent.
Psychic ability is like artistic talent.
Psychic ability is sometimes comparable to common sense and experience.
Psychic ability runs in families, and for a simple reason.
Psychic advice can be addictive.
Psychic archaeology has no way of being scientifically proven.
Psychic attacks are common.
Psychic attacks can be difficult for an untrained person to recognize.
Psychic awareness breaks in as a gift.
Psychic awareness increases when stress and fear decrease.
Psychic channels are wide open now.
Psychic complexity swirls up from the dust of cosmetic self-definition.
Psychic containment is key to soul expression.
Psychic detectives offer advice to law enforcement agencies in hope of solving crimes.
Most psychic detectives claim to have psychometric powers.
Psychic development is a lifelong process.
Psychic development is likely.
Psychic energy exists, then, in Gratitude.
Psychic energy flows outward without obstruction.
Psychic energy influences our feelings, thoughts and behavior.
Psychic energy is a motive
Psychic energy is also at work in the plant and animal kingdoms.
Psychic energy is motivation.
Psychic energy is nothing but pseudoscientific moonshine, unworthy of further comment here.
Psychic energy is the vim, vigor, and vitality of a player's mind while performing their sport.
Psychic entities are sometimes able to affect our thought processes.
Psychic entities respond to certain electrostatic and magnetic fields, and to other energy vortexes.
Psychic experiences can prove right or they can prove to be entirely wrong.
Any psychic experience is a definite plus.
Psychic experts move in with their aparatus.
Psychic exposure is when the field itself is loose.
Psychic faculties surge to forefront.
Psychic feelings can be emotional or physical.
Psychic fog is a common manifestation and a predictable occurrence when a human spirit is present.
Psychic forces guide the path of the swing of the pendulum in regards to a Yes or No question.
Psychic freedom is the experience of choice and the awareness of the limits of that choice.
Psychic garbage can glorify, flatter or create specialness or separation.
Psychic gifts vary in nature and content with each individual.
Psychic healing is like peeling a layer or two off of an onion.
Psychic help is about the same.
Psychic illness is defeat disguised as failure.
Psychic illness is deliberate, organized, systematic.
Psychic illness is peculiar to humans and unknown to nature.
Psychic impression is valid.
Psychic impression proves valid.
Some psychic individuals are capable of producing consistently accurate forecasts.
Psychic information is neutral.
Psychic investigators open a ghost extermination business in New York City.
Psychic investigators work in the same obvious ways that tabloid psychics do.
Psychic mass can be very heavy.
Psychic medium can help.
Psychic ownership is the idea that employees feel, think and act like owners.
Psychic pain is also to be considered as well as the burden to a family.
Psychic pain is real.
Psychic people make decisions based upon a subconscious first impression.
Psychic perceptions occur when the mind, consciousness, relaxes even if just for a moment.
A psychic phenomenon is communication
Psychic phenomena move the dark tale forward.
Some psychic phenomena are real.
Psychic power is just one tech path they chose to follow.
Psychic powers are a gift to mankind.
Psychic powers are often a gift from the devil disguised as a mere force or even as a good spirit.
Psychic powers surface.
Psychic readings are available in person and by telephone.
Psychic readings are for entertainment purposes only.
Psychic readings can provide useful insights.
All psychic readings are on-demand.
Psychic research explains variously.
Psychic researchers investigate a supposedly haunted house, with spooky results.
Psychic rewards are as good as the monetary ones.
Psychic sounds are by far the most reported phenomena in all cases of haunted areas.
Psychic spells are good.
Psychic states are trance states.
Some psychic successes are merely self-fulfilling prophecies.
Psychic surgeons are the scum of the earth.
Many psychic surgeons demonstrate on obese patients, whose fatty skin is easy to manipulate.
All Psychic talents are in the Mental field.
Psychic tears accompany emotional trauma.
Psychic teens run amok.
Psychic world looks like a maze.
A psychic is an occultist
Psychics are able to duplicate drawings secretly made by another person.
Psychics are available daily.
Psychics are human too, and can be deflected from an important issue by their own biases.
Psychics are in contact with familiar spirits.
Psychics are just never wrong.
Psychics are no different than any other trade or skill.
Psychics are occultists.
Psychics are on prime time TV helping people communicate with their beloved departed.
Psychics are online and available all day, every day.
Psychics are people too.
Psychics are too quick to promote paranormal explanations for perplexing events.
Psychics are unable to make millions of dollars betting on horse races.
Psychics are wrong and evil , but they're also nuts.
Psychics are wrong.
Psychics can be very reassuring, especially when one has just ended a relationship.
Psychics can insert themselves into others thoughts.
Psychics can predict heartburn.
Psychics can predict the future.
Psychics can sometimes read the deep purple auras which engulf the prey of the vampyre.
Psychics claim that the stones cloud their powers and exude an oppressive, crushing aura.
Psychics claim that their ability is derived from the mind.
Psychics claim they do it.
Psychics do it in their heads.
Psychics get there information in many ways.
Psychics have brains.
Psychics have the answers.
Psychics investigate a haunted New England house.
Psychics know that lesbitransgay people are a profoundly spiritual people.
Psychics make hundreds of predictions every year that never come true.
Psychics predict the future.
Psychics provide free online psychic readings.
Psychics say the place has four power spots, or vortices, whence the earth emits energy.
Psychics thrive on the media attention they can get from high-profile cases.
Psychics use the spyglass of intuition.
Psychics often become involved in highly publicized serial murder investigations.
Psychics often have, as noted before, a gift.
Any psychic can gain a reputation by posting accounts of premonition.
Every psychic is a little different.
Many psychics also desire confidentiality as a result of harassment they've experienced.
Many psychics are reputable and loving.
Many psychics can see the esoteric body as the auras on the outside and the chakras on the inside.
Many psychics find that their visions of future events occur by means of symbols.
Many psychics have vision, but without knowledge, or understanding.
Many psychics readily admit that they commune with a spirit beyond the physical.
Most psychics are as good as they believe in themselves.
Most psychics own up to their fallibility, although none seems to keep a scorecard.
SOME psychics are correct.
Some psychics claim that at the turn of the tarot cards one's future is explained.
Some psychics specialize in financial matters.
Some psychics use accomplices to accomplish their frauds and deceptions.
Psychical atrophy is illustrated in the disappearance of instincts and habits.
Psychical experiences are the main concern of the parapsychic.
Psychical power is an undeniable fact.
Psychical radiations emanate from all brains.
Psychical research is the study of supernatural things.
Psychical stimuli are perhaps even more important than physical stimuli.
Psychics today use a number of tools to learn about people, their behavior and character.
Psycho clowns do more harm than good.
A psycho is a sufferer
Psycho borrows and incorporates different aspects or crime fiction.
Psycho 's on tonight.
Some psycho hick with a site.
Psychoacoustical stress is big factor in our lives.
Most psychoactive compounds contain nitrogen and most are alkaloids.
A psychoactive drug is a drug
Psychoactive drugs alter neurotransmitters in the brain.
Psychoactive drugs are drugs.
Psychoactive drugs are medicine.
Psychoactive drugs are the ones that do make it into brain.
Psychoactive drugs are toxic substances.
Psychoactive drugs can impair the judgment of time.
Psychoactive drugs constitute one of the most frequently prescribed class of medicines.
Psychoactive drugs contain chemicals which alter the function of the brain.
Psychoactive drugs produce their effects by altering the neurotransmitters.
Psychoactive drugs seem to be a popular topic on the net.
All psychoactive drugs are illegal.
Any psychoactive drug is potentially harmful.
Many psychoactive drugs have affinities for specific brain regions.
Many psychoactive drugs have the potential for altering the development of the nervous system.
Most psychoactive drugs act by binding to a receptor in the brain.
Some psychoactive drugs are illegal, such as cannabis and cocaine.
Psychoactive medication uses in addiction treatment.
Psychoactive medications can treat addictions.
Psychoactive strains exist particularly in Southern China, near Vietnam and Thailand.
A psychoactive substance is a drug
Psychoactive substances change the consciousness and mood of their user .
Psychoactive substances change the consciousness and mood of their user.
Psychoactive variable can be environmental even though genes account for the variance.
Psychoanalysis also remains relatively isolated from the community.
Psychoanalysis also treats women as deficient.
Psychoanalysis also uses imagination.
Psychoanalysis appears as a direct attack on the over-rated intellectual self upon the irrational.
Psychoanalysis appears to meet with great interest among Chile s student population.
Psychoanalysis arrives in America.
Psychoanalysis attempts to help patients resolve their inner conflicts.
Psychoanalysis begins from the discovery and investigation of the dynamic unconscious.
Psychoanalysis begins to recede.
Psychoanalysis can give a direction, with verbal interpretation.
Psychoanalysis continues to take it on the chin.
Psychoanalysis describes a particular cultural moment.
Psychoanalysis does nothing to cure illnesses.
Psychoanalysis does study the effect of literary texts on people.
Psychoanalysis emphasises the importance of the unconscious.
Psychoanalysis emphasizes a. learning and stimulus-response associations.
Psychoanalysis emphasizes that all adult problems' roots can be traced back to one's childhood.
Psychoanalysis exists through clinical practice.
Psychoanalysis explains things.
Psychoanalysis fits that bill perfectly.
Psychoanalysis has places.
Psychoanalysis has therapeutic effects, but psychoanalysis is much more than psychotherapy.
Psychoanalysis here is seen as an adventure of self-discovery of the psychoanalytic unknown.
Psychoanalysis illustrates it in a different perspective.
Psychoanalysis involves correcting childhood problems.
Psychoanalysis involves long-term psychotherapy and counseling for patients.
Psychoanalysis is a form of psychotherapy that explores the unconscious roots of emotional problems.
Psychoanalysis is a form of therapy based off of Psychoanalytic theory .
Psychoanalysis is a form of therapy based off of Psychoanalytic theory.
Psychoanalysis is a highly potent form of intensive psychotherapy.
Psychoanalysis is a research method.
Psychoanalysis is a science - the science of the understanding the mind.
Psychoanalysis is a science conducted by lunatics for lunatics.
Psychoanalysis is a talking cure, but one that alters the conditions of normal discourse.
Psychoanalysis is a theory about the reproduction of kinship.
Psychoanalysis is a way of getting the answer no while being encouraged to clarify one's questions.
Psychoanalysis is about the person.
Psychoanalysis is an example.
Psychoanalysis is an illness that pretends to be a cure.
Psychoanalysis is an intensive form of psychotherapy that meets four to five times a week.
Psychoanalysis is an intensive therapy conducted as a collaboration between patient and therapist.
Psychoanalysis is an on-going process that aims at sustaining the growth of the individual.
Psychoanalysis is analysises.
Psychoanalysis is another example, or just plain psychological counseling.
Psychoanalysis is another type.
Psychoanalysis is as dead a science as alchemy.
Psychoanalysis is associated with the couch, the note pad and the silent listener.
Psychoanalysis is both a school of thought and a therapeutic modality.
Psychoanalysis is both a theory of the mind and a therapeutic method.
Psychoanalysis is confession without absolution.
Psychoanalysis is dangerous and radical, it brainwashes.
Psychoanalysis is dialectical.
Psychoanalysis is first and foremost an art of interpreting.
Psychoanalysis is founded upon the denial of castration.
Psychoanalysis is Freudian psychology.
Psychoanalysis is impractical and ineffectual, going back to the past and ignoring present problems.
Psychoanalysis is irrelevant to the merits of any intellectual position.
Psychoanalysis is more than a form of therapy.
Psychoanalysis is nothing to do with psycho therapy.
Psychoanalysis is psychotherapy
Psychoanalysis is psychotherapy.
Psychoanalysis is the biggest absurditity since christianity.
Psychoanalysis is the most comprehensive form of treatment.
Psychoanalysis is the most comprehensive treatment for emotional conflicts.
Psychoanalysis is the most expensive and time consuming brand of psychotherapy.
Psychoanalysis is the neurosis of the psychoanalyst-and of the psychoanalytic critic.
Psychoanalysis is the parent of all forms of insight-oriented psychotherapy.
Psychoanalysis isa therapy.
Psychoanalysis Looks at Love.
Psychoanalysis looks to culture as informative of our deepest psychic levels.
Psychoanalysis provides a theory of organization at the psychological level.
Psychoanalysis seeks meaning more than motive, experience more than causation.
Psychoanalysis seeks the sources of human motivation in the patient's interior life and past.
Psychoanalysis strives on making the unconscious more conscious.
Psychoanalysis supplies the thread that leads a man out of the labyrinth.
Psychoanalysis tends to pay more attention to sexuality than to food intake.
Psychoanalysis uses word association in order to probe the mind of a patient.
Psychoanalysis usually goes on for years.
Most psychoanalysis has places.
A psychoanalyst is a psychiatrist
Psychoanalysts agree, saying the only evidence they have comes from sessions with patients.
Psychoanalysts also tend to meet much more often with their clients.
Psychoanalysts are clinicians with the most extensive training in the mental health field.
Psychoanalysts are counselors.
Psychoanalysts are experts in psychotherapy.
Psychoanalysts are highly concerned about confidentiality.
Psychoanalysts are psychologists.
Psychoanalysts believe that anxiety is expressed based on early mother child experiences.
Psychoanalysts don t generally like to talk about their own experiences except within theory.
Psychoanalysts feel that it is belief which gives conviction to a thought.
Psychoanalysts get six to eight years of classroom and clinical post-doctoral training.
Psychoanalysts have an approach that is supposed to take years.
Psychoanalysts have no special topics the patient is supposed to discuss.
Psychoanalysts have their opinions, too.
Psychoanalysts seem to be long on information and short on application.
Psychoanalysts think that persistant lying is a 'bad thing'.
Some psychoanalysts believe occupational choice is determined by sublimated instincts.
Some psychoanalysts believe that only psychoanalytic data can answer psychoanalytic questions.
Some psychoanalysts regard the occurrence of ellipses as significant and a form of parapraxis .
Some psychoanalysts try to prove that the only concern of man is sex.
Many psychoanalytic critics apply Freudian theory to literary works.
Psychoanalytic intervention focuses on defining ego boundaries.
Psychoanalytic psychotherapy is a means toward a fuller awareness of one's own internal world.
Psychoanalytic psychotherapy is derived from the same concepts.
All psychoanalytic psychotherapies combine expressive and supportive elements.
Psychoanalytic technique varies in relation to theoretical orientation.
Some psychoanalytic theorists regard schizophrenia as a language problem.
Psychoanalytic theories are languages in which to discuss psychoanalytic treatment.
Psychoanalytic theories make some intuitive sense since many alcoholics have immature social skills.
Psychoanalytic theory appears to be dualistic.
Psychoanalytic therapy is no more expensive than any other form of psychotherapy.
Psychoanalytic treatment continues to be available regardless of financial means.
Psychoanalytic treatment includes a range of possibilities that are designed to meet client s needs.
Psychodiagnostic testing takes place in all of the aforementioned units.
Psychodynamic approaches tend to recommend insight-oriented therapy to strengthen the child's ego.
Some psychodynamic clinicians provide a somewhat different slant.
Psychodynamic psychologists argue that A. much of our behaviour is unconsciously determined.
Psychodynamic theorists use deficiencies in ego development to explain the causes.
Psychodynamic theories are best in focusing on the problems developed within the normative ecology.
Psychodynamic theories focus on the necessity of declaring and confronting issues and emotions.
Psychodynamic theories investigate the mind to predict human behavior.
Psychodynamic theory gets a bad rap in the field in our opinion.
Psychodynamic therapists believe that the secure frame is a vital element of the therapy.
Psychodynamic therapies are long-term and intense, often going for several years.
Psychodynamic therapy is less interactive than cognitive or behavioral therapies.
Psychoeducational outreach is provided for eligible incarcerated veterans.
Psychoeducational testing is also available, as needed, as are support groups and tutoring.
Psychogenic amnesia is probably the most common dissociative disorder.
Psychogenic amnesia is selective forgetting caused by psychological factors.
Psychogenic amnesia is the mind's unconscious attempt to erase the recollection of an event.
Psychogenic conditions causing abnormal voice or complete loss of voice are relatively uncommon.
Psychogenic cough is thought to be more common in children than in adults.
Psychogenic disturbances can precipitate chest pain.
Psychogenic factors are most common.
Psychogenic impotence is more likely to have an abrupt onset.
Psychogenic incontinence is incontinence resulting from emotional rather than physical causes.
Psychogenic pain is pain that originates through cognitive and emotional processing.
Psychogenic polydipsia is the term used to describe excessive drinking with a psychological cause.
Psychogenic seizures can occur in people who also experience epileptic seizures.
Psychographic segmentation provides clues to what goes on in consumers' minds.
Psychohistorical study is more of a rediscovery than a discovery, according to deMause.
A psychokinesis is a psychic phenomenon
Psychokinesis can probably only influence real chance events as for instance radioactive decay.
Psychokinesis is believed to be the cause of many hauntings that occur all around the world.
Psychokinesis is legitimized as the reciprocal to the gain in knowledge.
Psychokinesis is the ability to move objects at a distance without any known physical force.
Psychokinesis is the power to affect matter by mind alone.
Psychokinesis is the word used to describe many different abilities.
Psychokinetic ability is no different.
A psycholinguist is a linguist
A psycholinguist is a psychologist
Psycholinguists consider language to have three major components.
Psycholinguists examine the cognitive aspects of language.
Psycholinguistic experiments are almost never invasive nor harmful.
Psychologic counselling is often helpful for patients as they learn to cope with a chronic disease.
Psychologic factors can also indirectly influence a disease's course.
Psychologic stress can and does alter gastric function.
Psychologic stress can precipitate or alter the course of even major physical disorders.
Some psychological abnormalities associate with deficiencies.
Psychological abuse can include threats to take the children away.
Psychological abuse can leave women with health problems.
Psychological abuse is a multi-faceted phenomenon.
Psychological abuse is difficult to define as a crime.
Psychological abuse is even more difficult to quantify.
Psychological abuse is frequently the most damaging over time.
Psychological abuse is more common and widespread than physical abuse.
Psychological accessibility is critical.
Psychological addiction is another matter.
Psychological addiction is the user's dependence on the smell, taste and feel of tobacco.
Psychological aggression predicts physical aggression in early marriage.
Psychological aid is a powerful tool.
Psychological alternatives are useless.
Psychological altruism holds that all human action is necessarily other centred and other motivated.
Psychological aspects are very important too.
Psychological aspects play a huge role in competing.
Psychological assessment is available .
Psychological assessment is available on a limited basis.
Psychological assessment is available.
Psychological assessment is provided on a limited basis.
Psychological assessment is required within the first year of the certification process.
Psychological assessments are an ongoing part of genetic counseling.
Psychological assessments help the psychologist develop the best treatment plan for clients.
Psychological assessments provide the base for candidate selection, development, and planning.
Psychological assistance is available after traumatic experiences such as robbery or assault.
Psychological barriers are far more common in running than physical barriers.
Psychological barriers exist when people think the shoreline is unsafe or inaccessible.
Psychological benefits can help offset physical decline.
Many psychological benefits can accompany the physical improvements brought about by exercise.
Psychological blocks prevent a stitching together of details.
Psychological causation is always personal and never actuarial .
Psychological change can happen simply and rapidly.
Psychological changes accompany aerobic exercise in healthy middle-aged adults.
Psychological changes are often the most drastic at first.
Psychological changes can be part of menopause.
Psychological concerns can also decrease sexual desire.
A psychological condition is a condition
Some psychological conditions can lead to physical symptoms.
Psychological conflict is clearly manifest in highly visible behavioral correlates.
Psychological conflicts lead to mounting anxiety as well as anger, sadness, hurt, and fear.
Psychological consequences follow from being adopted.
Psychological coping is like health, everyone has to work on it.
Psychological core is bottom of the Martens Schematic view grid.
Some psychological counsel provides parents.
Psychological counseling can be helpful, however, if the impotence is related to emotional factors.
Psychological counseling is a relatively new development.
Psychological counseling is a religious wolf in pseudoscientific clothing.
Psychological counseling is also available for oncology patients .
Psychological counseling is essential for successful treatment.
Psychological counseling is necessary to truly overcome any eating disturbance or disorder.
Psychological counseling is the cornerstone of treatment for eating disorders.
Psychological counseling is useful in many ways.
Psychological crises violate or contradict the beliefs a person has about the world.
Psychological criteria are another question.
All psychological cues are monocular.
Psychological defenses maintain coherence but at the cost of personal freedom.
Psychological delays affect an individual's entire life.
Psychological dependence can be mild to severe.
Psychological dependence can develop.
Psychological dependence describes the behavioural aspects of drug dependence.
Psychological dependence develops.
Psychological dependence exists along a continuum.
Psychological dependence is a common problem.
Psychological dependence is a craving that requires drug use for pleasure or relief of discomfort.
Psychological dependence is a necessary step in the process of becoming addicted.
Psychological dependence is a risk with all benzodiazepines, including alprazolam.
Psychological dependence is characterized by an unwillingness to stop the drug despite neg. effects.
Psychological dependence is characterized by becoming dependent on the sensations the drug produces.
Psychological dependence is common, and heavy use can cause a psychosis similar to schizophrenia.
Psychological dependence is common.
Psychological dependence is different.
Psychological dependence is more difficult to get rid of.
Psychological dependence is probable with continued use of opiates.
Psychological dependence is the habitual use of alcohol or drugs.
Psychological dependence occurs when taking drugs becomes the center of the user's life.
Psychological dependence occurs when the drug taking becomes central to the user's life.
Psychological dependencies occur as often as physical dependencies.
Psychological dependency is a dependency of the mind .
Psychological dependency is a dependency of the mind.
Psychological dependency is equally responsible for compulsive drug use.
Psychological dependency is more common and can occur with any drug.
Psychological development involves learning to let go of such desires.
Psychological development occurs in fixed stages.
Psychological diagnosis is integrated into case formulation.
Psychological disabilities affect people of any age, gender, income group, and intellectual level.
Psychological disabilities can create barriers to education in different ways.
Psychological disengagement occurs in domains where stereotype threat is persistent.
Psychological disorder is disorder
Psychological disorders affecting the aging adult include dementia, depression, and alcoholism.
Psychological disorders are actions rather than events and they are of some value to the patient.
Psychological disorders are frequently misunderstood and sometimes feared.
Psychological disorders can contribute to vampiric behavior .
Psychological disorders can contribute to vampiric behavior.
Psychological disorders coupled with jealousy can result in uncontrollable outbursts of violence.
Psychological disorders increase the likelihood of problems with substance abuse.
Psychological distress is nine times more likely to hasten the disease.
Psychological effects are also very real.
Psychological effects are greater, too.
Psychological effects are much less common however.
Psychological effects can be positive for some learners and negative for others.
Psychological effects can include nervousness, tension, anger and irritability.
Psychological effects may have effects.
Psychological effects may have positive effects.
Psychological effects range from a sense of euphoria to panic and violent behavior.
Psychological effects range from confusion and depression to severe anxiety and paranoia.
Psychological effects vary with the dose.
Psychological evaluation is directed toward formulations and clarification of diagnosis.
Psychological evaluation reveals a state of unhappiness and self-consciousness.
Psychological evaluations are available as a guide for ongoing treatment.
Psychological events are adaptations.
Most psychological events occur within a complex web of causes and effects.
Psychological experiments find that people tend to put too much trust in their own opinions.
Psychological explanations propose mental causes such as defense mechanisms or wish fulfillment.
Psychological exploration becomes an outward expression as well as an inward one.
Psychological factor seem to play a major role.
Psychological factors account for one half of all cases of insomnia.
Psychological factors affect functioning and numerous related topics.
Psychological factors are crucial.
Psychological factors are difficult to distinguish because of the subjectivity of the area.
Psychological factors are important in management.
Psychological factors are most predictive of chance to recover.
Psychological factors can also make someone an atheist.
Psychological factors can exacerbate symptoms and confound diagnoses.
Psychological factors can greatly reduce sexual interest.
Psychological factors can help or hinder in deciding to leave abusive relationships.
Psychological factors can lead to the development of unexplained physical symptoms.
Psychological factors can make things worse.
Psychological factors enter into the success rate for contact lens users as well.
Psychological factors have a lot to do with the learning curve.
Psychological factors play a key role in activating the desire to eat.
Psychological factors play a major role for many men.
Psychological factors play an important part in causing diseases of all sorts.
Psychological factors play an important part in database management.
Psychological factors play little or no role in causing cancer.
Psychological factors related to impotence can be significant.
Psychological factors related to performance include personality, motivation and anxiety.
Many psychological factors can contribute to postpartum depression.
Some psychological factors influence protest committees.
Some psychological factors involve in management.
Some psychological factors involve in weight management.
Psychological faith begins in the love of images. .
Psychological fitness is also critical.
Some psychological flaws result in death.
Psychological functions are classified into thinking, feeling, sensing, and intuiting.
Psychological health is goal of development and is attainable.
Psychological health is just as important as physical health.
Psychological health is nothing more than maintaining a good mental diet.
Psychological hedonism implies some desires are natural.
Psychological hedonism is one variety of egoistic theory.
Psychological hedonism is true.
Psychological heterosexism is the individual expression of cultural heterosexism.
Psychological horror is fear of a believable, reasonable force.
Psychological horror plays with human rationalization.
Psychological horror walks the fine line between the rational and irrational mind.
Psychological Humans tend to pay more attention to immediate results than to far-off ones.
Psychological illness can strike anyone, anywhere.
Psychological illness ranges in both type and severity.
Some psychological illnesses have physical causes associated with exposure to hazardous substances.
Psychological impairment includes mood swings, depression, and very aggressive behavior.
Psychological impediments exacerbate the physical difficulties of schools.
Much psychological information comes from the administration of tests.
Psychological injuries constitute aggravating factor.
Psychological injury is alleged, such as emotional distress, shock, or mental suffering.
Psychological inquiry lies at the heart of the social sciences.
Most psychological instruments report high or low amounts of a good or bad trait.
Psychological intensification is used to guard against incurring the detrimental effects of fatigue.
Psychological intensification maintains concentration control.
Psychological interventions are effective and are cost-saving in the long run.
Psychological interventions are often helpful.
Psychological interventions are often multidisciplinary, with a variety of content.
Psychological interventions can significantly reduce pain levels without the risks of medication.
Psychological interventions help cancer patients cope with the side effects of chemotherapy.
Psychological interventions help people to identify and control their pain.
Psychological isolation prevents the fulfillment of courtship activities.
Psychological issues arise in a wide range of forensic and legal contexts.
Some psychological issues relate to pregnancy.
All psychological knowledge is based on research.
Psychological liberation is the freedom to choose intimacy.
Psychological maltreatment is the core issue in the broader picture of abuse and neglect.
Psychological manipulation can be a very powerful tool.
Psychological manipulation infringes the target's freedom even further.
Psychological manipulation is honesty and openness.
Psychological maturity involves openness, creativity, and responsibility.
Psychological measures represent still a third type of remedy.
Psychological measurement is a broad area with a long history and many techniques.
Some psychological mechanisms operative in gossip.
Psychological methods can decrease efficiency of electro-acoustic effect and a number of others.
Psychological models are likely to provide good predictions of the behaviour of novice users.
Psychological motivation takes second place to the filmmaker's thematic exposition.
Psychological motivations drive the plot.
Psychological mutation is impossible.
Psychological needs are another aspect of the lighting quality issue.
Psychological needs are as essential to our existence as physical needs like water, air and food.
Psychological needs can distort what people perceive and do.
Psychological optics pertains to the role of light in vision.
Psychological pain is just as real . . .
Psychological pain is underassessed and undertreated.
Psychological patients are successful with it, as well as diabetics.
Psychological People are resistant to wage cutting.
Psychological persecution is daily and imposed by law.
Some psychological perspective helps insight.
Psychological practice continues to face the challenges of a changing health care industry.
Psychological practitioners are important in facilitating the lifelong educational process.
Psychological preparation can assist in physical adaptation.
Psychological preparedness is paramount for the African player.
Psychological pressure is still coercion.
Psychological principles are natural laws similar to physical laws such as the law of gravity.
Psychological problems are a rare cause of pseudo-hoarseness.
Psychological problems are also important contributing factors that impair sexual performance.
Psychological problems are extremely common.
Psychological problems are the cause of impotence in the other half of the cases.
Psychological problems are the most common cause of feather plucking.
Psychological problems causing erectile dysfunction are varied, but most can be helped.
Psychological problems causing impotence are varied, but most can be helped.
Psychological problems demand psychological and spiritual solutions.
Psychological problems demand psychological solutions.
Psychological problems suggest the services of a psychiatrist or a psychologist.
Most psychological problems come and go.
Some psychological problems relate to disasters.
Psychological profiles are important.
Psychological rationales advocate stress reduction.
Psychological reactance is the motivational state of the person whose freedom has been assaulted.
Psychological reactions can include anger, guilt, anxiety, sadness, and despair.
Psychological repression is much like it.
Psychological research can help in many cases.
Psychological research is a fundamental part of road safety.
Psychological research is now a widespread source of corporate inspiration.
Psychological research shows that animals are most comfortable in a familiar environment.
All psychological research is social interaction of a kind.
Most psychological research uses observation with some component of intervention.
Much psychological research is conducted using animals.
A psychological science is science
Psychological science can improve diagnostic decisions.
Psychological security relates o being free from the threat of ridicule and embarrassment.
Psychological services are available at no charge to students.
Psychological services are confidential.
Psychological services are free to all students, and all conversations are kept confidential.
Psychological services can help mitigate the long term effects of cancer treatment.
Psychological services promote social stability and decrease recidivism.
All psychological services are available free of charge and are confidential.
Psychological sharpness is as important as physical sharpness.
Psychological space is the deeper difficulty.
Psychological state plays an immense role in physical potential.
Some psychological stimuli have the same pattern of similarity for all people.
Psychological stress can also be a factor.
Psychological stress can be a factor.
Psychological stress can increase tightness and inflexibility of the back.
Psychological stress does have physical ramifications.
Psychological stress is another possible cause.
Psychological stress is fear stress.
Psychological stress is known to be a contributor to many emotional disorders and somatic illnesses.
Psychological stress is likely to develop cold.
Psychological stress is thought to contribute to reactivation of the virus.
Psychological stresses are very real and threatening to birds.
Psychological stressors can lead to feather plucking.
Many psychological studies show that over motivation degrades performance at most tasks.
Psychological supervision is usually necessary.
Psychological support is available at every step.
Psychological support is available both to the patients and to their families.
Psychological support is considered a luxury item.
Psychological support is mandated under the protocol.
Psychological symptoms are common and well manifested by the time the patient seeks medical advice.
Psychological symptoms are much more susceptible to being faked than more palpable effects.
Psychological symptoms are sometimes an additional factor in allergic reactions.
Psychological symptoms are symptoms that take place within a human .
Psychological symptoms are symptoms that take place within a human.
Psychological symptoms result from disruption of normal functioning caused by the stress.
Psychological symptoms show themselves in the attitudes and feelings of the individual.
Psychological techniques can play a role.
Psychological techniques have a potential that remains largely unexplored.
Psychological terrorism is the weapon stalkers use.
Psychological tests are available pertaining to vocational interests, personality, and intelligence.
Psychological tests are practice.
Psychological tests are useful in hiring personnel.
Psychological tests measure or evaluate abilities, general or specific, or personality traits.
Psychological tests show a big improvement in functioning.
Psychological tests show no significant difference between fat and thin people.
Some psychological tests can be helpful in confirming the diagnosis.
Psychological testimony is relevant on issues of truth, veracity, and malingering.
Psychological testing can be helpful in some situations.
Psychological testing can make crucial differential diagnoses.
Psychological testing can often be helpful.
Psychological testing can show the child's profile of strengths and weaknesses.
Psychological testing is a procedure with limited aims.
Psychological testing is addressed in intern seminars.
Psychological testing is administered upon request.
Psychological testing is also available upon request.
Psychological testing is also available.
Psychological testing is available for children, adolescents, and adults.
Psychological testing is available for clients of all ages.
Psychological testing is available in areas of interest, intelligence, and personality.
Psychological testing is available when clinically indicated.
Psychological testing is available.
Psychological testing is conducted as necessary to develop a proper course of treatment.
Psychological testing is conducted when indicated, to better understand the needs of each patient.
Psychological testing is to be introduced to more agencies as part of the selection process.
Psychological testing shows their ability to use symbols.
All psychological testing requires written parental permission.
Psychological therapists fuel the industry with propaganda and with new definitions of disease.
Psychological therapy includes techniques.
Psychological therapy is available by compassionate, sensitive and insightful psychologists.
Psychological therapy reduces pain.
Many psychological therapies are essentially a process of rehearsal and training.
Most psychological therapy includes techniques.
Most psychological therapy reduces pain.
Some psychological therapy helps types.
Psychological torturers employ threats, humiliation, insults and lies.
Psychological trainees begin working with patients under the supervision of a licensed psychologist.
Psychological trauma can be more distressing than actual physical harm.
Psychological trauma can cause the same kind of functional brain problems as physical trauma.
Psychological trauma occurs when issues of safety and of trust get shattered.
Psychological treatment can be successful.
Psychological treatment has indirect effects on physical health as well.
Psychological treatment includes individual and family sessions.
Psychological treatment involves an approach called exposure and response prevention.
Psychological treatment is a major component.
Psychological treatment is essential for some.
Psychological treatment is needed to help parents learn how to manage the problem.
Psychological treatment is provided to selected cases and referrals made when needed.
Psychological treatments focus on helping the individual handle emotional distress.
Psychological truth is the subjective truth of an individuum.
Many psychological variables affect the women's decision to stay or leave.
Psychological victimization refers to manipulation tactics and mental games which occur in prison.
Psychological violence constitutes some of the other ways men use coercion over women and children.
Psychological violence includes bullying or mobbing - group psychological harassment.
Psychological violence includes bullying or mobbing-group psychological harassment.
Psychological warfare has many similarities with propaganda messages .
Psychological warfare has many similarities with propaganda messages.
Psychological warfare is conflict.
Psychological warfare is military operations.
Psychological warfare is the first weapon used in a war, and among the most lethal ones.
Psychological warfare is war
Psychological warfare is war.
Psychological warfare precedes physical warfare.
Psychological withdrawal can go on for months or years.
Psychological work includes that, but it's much broader than that.
Psychological work is about the individual in relationship to others.
A psychologist is a scientist
Psychologist call the ability to fight back and overcome adversity mental toughness.
Psychologist creates plays that ease family business stress.
Psychologist find that height can have impact on interaction.
Psychologist understand testing and place great demands on assessment software.
Psychologists acquire and analyze behavioral data.
Psychologists advocate open communication about sexuality between parents and their children.
Psychologists agree that both phenomena exist.
Psychologists also are available for outpatient consultations once the patient leaves the hospital.
Psychologists also argue for the virtues of inequality.
Psychologists also conduct evaluations of competence of a person to stand trial.
Psychologists also differ in their analyses of the nature of conscience.
Psychologists also explore the causes of mental disorders and possible methods of treatment.
Psychologists also have limited input into setting the rates for their services.
Psychologists also play a central role in employee and organizational development.
Psychologists also point out that it is important to distinguish between love and desire.
Psychologists also practice professionally in business and industry.
Psychologists also provide mental health care in hospitals, clinics, schools, or private settings.
Psychologists also provide psychological testing and assessments.
Psychologists also teach people how to manage their life more productively.
Psychologists also use graphs to represent data.
Psychologists also work as consultants in government and industry.
Psychologists also work with groups of people with similar problems.
Psychologists analyze dreams to fuel their work.
Psychologists apply psychological knowledge to medical problems.
Psychologists are a perfect example.
Psychologists are able to make conclusions about their personalities based on their answers .
Psychologists are able to make conclusions about their personalities based on their answers.
Psychologists are also very helpful in the business world.
Psychologists are always interested in predicting behavior.
Psychologists are an important resource for information about the biases which motivate hate crimes.
Psychologists are another good option to consider.
Psychologists are available for psychological consultation, testing, evaluation, and diagnosis.
Psychologists are available to privately discuss areas of student concern.
Psychologists are aware that the more remote a situation, the less intense the person's response.
Psychologists are behavioral scientists specializing in human behavior in the work place.
Psychologists are concerned about and work to mitigate the cause of human suffering.
Psychologists are concerned about and work to mitigate the causes of human suffering.
Psychologists are concerned about other people.
Psychologists are concerned with how people act, think, reason, and feel.
Psychologists are doctors who are trained to diagnose and treat mental disorders.
Psychologists are doctors.
Psychologists are either employees or associated as independent practitioners.
Psychologists are essential in waiver hearings.
Psychologists are experts at helping people find their way through life's difficulties.
Psychologists are experts at helping people lead positive lives through a healthy mind.
Psychologists are experts in human behavior.
Psychologists are experts on human behavior and complex change processes.
Psychologists are familiar with the term state-dependent memory.
Psychologists are far and away the most commonly utilized experts in custody litigation.
Psychologists are good examples of a counselor.
Psychologists are guilty of that, too.
Psychologists are highly skilled mental health professionals who can help.
Psychologists are in a variety of careers addressing a number of issues on many different levels.
Psychologists are in agreement that punishment does more harm than good.
Psychologists are in increasing demand in health and medical settings.
Psychologists are interested for what psi implies about the nature of perception and memory. .
Psychologists are interested for what psi implies about the nature of perception and memory.
Psychologists are interested in rhythms, and how people vary over time in their responsiveness.
Psychologists are interested in the mechanisms underlying the hunger drive.
Psychologists are key to designing neuroimaging studies that search for biological bases of autism.
Psychologists are liable for practicing below generally acceptable standards of care.
Psychologists are little understood in Arab countries.
Psychologists are no more able to define information than anyone else.
Psychologists are one in saying that mental health is essentially a devotion to reality.
Psychologists are particularly reluctant to share research data, say experts in the field.
Psychologists are people who work in the field of psychology.
Psychologists are Ph.D.'s.
Psychologists are present for audience support.
Psychologists are psychotic.
Psychologists are researchers who typically have diverse interests.
Psychologists are responsible for the diagnosis and treatment of various psychological problems.
Psychologists are scientists.
Psychologists are significantly involved with pharmacological interventions, survey finds.
Psychologists are social scientists and behavioralists - they are students of human behavior.
Psychologists are stupefied by the human brain.
Psychologists are the only mental health professionals who perform psychological testing.
Psychologists are the primary providers of mental health services to inmates.
Psychologists are the scientists of human behavior and mental processes.
Psychologists are therefore highly valued professionals.
Psychologists are therefore prone to confuse combat and competition.
Psychologists are trained researchers.
Psychologists are used for counselling.
Psychologists are usually well trained to assess attentional problems and emotional health.
Psychologists are welcome to join and contribute regardless of specialty.
Psychologists are workers.
Psychologists argue against it.
Psychologists assist in understanding how violent behavior develops and can be intervened upon.
Psychologists associate it with right-brain thinking.
Psychologists assume that behavior is lawfully determined or caused by prior events.
Psychologists attempt to understand humanity.
Psychologists attempt to understand the role of mental functions in individual and social behavior.
Psychologists attribute much hostility and destructiveness in our society to displaced aggression.
Psychologists avoid improper and potentially harmful dual relationships.
Psychologists become specialists in a particular area by acquiring training and experience.
Psychologists become specialized in a particular area through training and experience.
Psychologists believe in the healing power of talk therapy.
Psychologists believe it is a coping mechanism to escape problems of abuse or memories of abuse.
Psychologists believe that emotions determine the quality of motivated behavior.
Psychologists believe the most important factor in stress level is perception of control.
Psychologists believe the root of the problem occurs when the children are infants.
Psychologists build a culture of citations.
Psychologists build a culture of peace .
Psychologists build a culture of peace.
Psychologists builds a culture of peace.
Psychologists call a pair of opposite ideas a bipolar construct.
Psychologists call it a downward spiral.
Psychologists call it all or nothing thinking.
Psychologists call it anxiety.
Psychologists call it projection.
Psychologists call it something else.
Psychologists call it the subconscious.
Psychologists call such experiences dissociation caused by trauma or Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder.
Psychologists call that the looking glass self theory of development.
Psychologists can also help medical teams identify the best transplant candidates.
Psychologists can also help women communicate more effectively with their health care providers.
Psychologists can also receive assistance in developing a website, and publishing articles online.
Psychologists can also work with problems such as low self-esteem and depression.
Psychologists can contribute knowledge of how children develop during middle childhood.
Psychologists can debate about values.
Psychologists can do the same on a consultative basis.
Psychologists can elect to earn all of their continuing education credits from Category A offerings.
Psychologists can give patients a language to talk about pain with help from a rating scale.
Psychologists can help deal with low self-esteem and self control.
Psychologists can help people with stress relief, as well as coping with chronic back or neck pain.
Psychologists can help with stress management techniques.
Psychologists can make several mistakes when implementing the informed consent requirement.
Psychologists can only measure that which varies, hence, only variance can be detected.
Psychologists can t heal sin, either.
Psychologists can use their training and experience to help clients in a variety of ways.
Psychologists classify memory into the four R s - recollection, recall, recognition, and relearning.
Psychologists compare it to the aggression displayed by angry drivers.
Psychologists conduct basic and applied research.
Psychologists consider personality to be the totality of one s thoughts and behaviors.
Psychologists counsel people through individual, group, or family therapy.
Psychologists deal with mental and behavioral disorders.
Psychologists define a cult as a group which deviates from cultural norms.
Psychologists define attitudes as a learned tendency to evaluate things in a certain way.
Psychologists define hypnosis as the filling of the field of attention by one sense only.
Psychologists deny they are imputing bad faith to police investigators.
Psychologists describe green as a restful color.
Psychologists describe the reasons as part opportunity, part biology.
Psychologists design and implement interventions to help people manage their health.
Psychologists diagnose and treat people for mental and medical disorders.
Psychologists differ as to how much our emotions are learned or inborn.
Psychologists disagree as to how much and which parts of the mind is constructed modules.
Psychologists discuss relationships in families facing catastrophic or terminal illness.
Psychologists discuss their views on science and religion.
Psychologists distinguish between beliefs and attitudes.
Psychologists do a lot of listening.
Psychologists do it best at variable intervals.
Psychologists do it testily.
Psychologists do observe and study animals in natural environments.
Psychologists do play an important role in providing hospital-based care.
Psychologists do say, after all, that people hurt others because their own lives are miserable.
Psychologists do that all the time.
Psychologists do therapy, testing, evaluations, research etc.
Psychologists encounter other difficulties with the parents of the child or adolescent.
Psychologists end psychiatrists say alcoholism is due to a character defect.
Psychologists engage in a range of activities.
Psychologists engage in a variety of kinds of talk therapy.
Psychologists engage in work with persons, and research.
Psychologists evaluate and analyze the results of our testing with children.
Psychologists even use roleplaying as an aid in their profession.
Psychologists examine how plans of action occur, such as the planning of speech utterances.
Psychologists examine the value of a progressive approach to teaching children how to read.
Psychologists explore how personality affects ability to perform well on the job.
Psychologists fear talk therapy losing ground to drugs.
Psychologists finds that blacks, females are vulnerable to lowered expectations.
Psychologists focus on four sets of assumptions.
Psychologists focus on the links among brain, environment, and behavior.
Psychologists focus on the total mental health needs of their clients.
Psychologists fulfill both training and service functions.
Psychologists generally agree that personality is formed half by genes and half by environment.
Psychologists generally assume that movie violence contributes to societal violence.
Psychologists give tests and questionnaires to aid in the diagnosis of problems.
Psychologists have a good feel for how hard human behavior is to predict.
Psychologists have a lot of ideas, theories.
Psychologists have a number of available options.
Psychologists have a Ph.D. degree and specialized clinical training.
Psychologists have a respected heritage of empirical scrutiny and moral integrity.
Psychologists have an opportunity to get involved in a large-scale survey.
Psychologists have graduate-level training, including an internship in a mental healthcare facility.
Psychologists have no medical training.
Psychologists have no required medical training.
Psychologists have no way of truly measuring and quantifying intelligence.
Psychologists have radio shows to broadcast their cures to the entire population.
Psychologists have the background in research skills.
Psychologists have the option of including a brief description of their practice with their listing.
Psychologists have their theories.
Psychologists have to assimilate one set of changes at a time.
Psychologists have to know a lot of information about a lot of different things.
Psychologists have too little respect for psychology.
Psychologists have training specifically in human behavior.
Psychologists have training that is significantly different from other clinicians.
Psychologists have varied proficiencies to draw upon when treating a patient.
Psychologists help athletes stay calm and focused.
Psychologists help determine whether a child has a learning disability.
Psychologists help individuals by conducting research and by providing counseling services.
Psychologists help patients deal with the mental and emotional problems that follow a stroke.
Psychologists help prevent and manage learning difficulties brought on by cancer treatments.
Psychologists hold that anyone can be a potential thief and that it is impossible to recognize one.
Psychologists identify resources in the family and the larger community.
Psychologists insist that no step is taken without the officer's approval.
Psychologists join physicians in a provider-driven health service.
Psychologists know further integration is overdue, but differ on the most effective approach.
Psychologists know it.
Psychologists know that money is a love substitute.
Psychologists know that people see mostly what they're ready to see.
Psychologists know that reality is dependent on our perception of it.
Psychologists know that the more.
Psychologists know that there is a close homogeneity between love and hate.
Psychologists know that thoughts are directly related to feelings.
Psychologists label five personality traits and explain which increase and decrease with age.
Psychologists learn to cope with stress and avoid burnout.
Psychologists like to kill their patients and feast on their bloody carcasses.
Psychologists link behavior management with the legal expert interpreting the laws.
Psychologists link Internet use and depression.
Psychologists live in specific social contexts.
Psychologists look to fill in the research gaps.
Psychologists make a living helping patients review their relationships from an adult's view.
Psychologists make consider- able use of experiments.
Psychologists make every effort to minimize discomfort, illness, and pain of animals.
Psychologists make reasonable efforts to protect against the misuse of records.
Psychologists make theories to try to explain a behavior or pattern they see.
Psychologists Move into the Technological Era.
Psychologists name attention deficit disorders as the leading behavioral diagnosis for children.
Psychologists observe that much of our mental process goes on subconsciously.
Psychologists observe that people approach an edge and then back away, only to try again later.
Psychologists obviously interact with a broad spectrum of clients.
Psychologists offer a scientific explanation for the distinction between the two terms.
Psychologists offer a variety of services.
Psychologists operate either through schools or privately.
Psychologists oppose the use of corporal punishment for many reasons.
Psychologists outline a plan for promoting human strengths through a positive approach.
Psychologists overwhelmingly reject religious models of human morality, and with good reason.
Psychologists participate in the affairs of business and industry in at least three ways.
Psychologists participate in the determination and actual training on diversity topics.
Psychologists participate in the development of each individual's total treatment program.
Psychologists play a vital role in developing and delivering such programmes.
Psychologists ply their skills on a range of eco-friendly projects in their own communities.
Psychologists point out most boys turn out fine.
Psychologists point out that grief has many faces, many expressions.
Psychologists point out that the typical older adult is on a quest for integrity versus despair.
Psychologists point to feelings of denial, fear, confusion, and isolation.
Psychologists practice in several principal areas of specialisation .
Psychologists predict what people want by understanding why people behave as they do.
Psychologists probe their psyche to determine their mental fitness for the ministerships they seek.
Psychologists produce habits out of rats.
Psychologists provide a wide variety of valuable and effective interventions and testing services.
Psychologists provide adult, couples, family, child and group therapy.
Psychologists provide assessment, referral, and follow-up to employees and their families.
Psychologists provide developmental testing.
Psychologists provide evaluation and treatment of children, adults, and families.
Psychologists provide individual, couple, family and group counseling.
Psychologists provide professional resources for other district personnel.
Psychologists really are on target in pointing out fear as a motivator.
Psychologists recognize the desire for new experience as one of our basic human needs.
Psychologists recognize the limits of their competencies and expertise.
Psychologists recommend determining how much time is available after routine work is done.
Psychologists recommend floating as a way to reduce levels of depression.
Psychologists recommend more youth counselors for alienated teens.
Psychologists refer to major themes as subpersonalities.
Psychologists refer to the interpretive process as appraisal.
Psychologists report that abused children become abusive parents.
Psychologists report that it builds confidence.
Psychologists say a key factor in preventing racism is to get children to talk about it.
Psychologists say actors can become lost in their roles and lose sight of their own identies.
Psychologists say children are programmed to be picky eaters.
Psychologists say death is the ultimate form of rejection.
Psychologists say few people have ever studied courage, but it's important in a basic, human way.
Psychologists say horror films are a release.
Psychologists say insistent denial means readlity in the opposite way.
Psychologists say it is our greatest fear.
Psychologists say it's a mixture of genetics, acquired taste and peer pressure.
Psychologists say it's common for someone who is grieving to go into seclusion.
Psychologists say it's just another example of a society that is obsessed with being thin.
Psychologists say parental exaggeration plays a vital role in a child's development.
Psychologists say people feel a lot better about themselves when they are driving a clean car.
Psychologists say people have more fun with friends than with their spouses.
Psychologists say springtime is even harder for depressed patients.
Psychologists say stalking is a way of hurting someone's mind with serious effects.
Psychologists say that a forum for expression is necessary for emotional health.
Psychologists say that adults often repeat the habits they observe as children.
Psychologists say that anger wears many masks.
Psychologists say that hysteria is more common when hypnotism is induced by amateurs.
Psychologists say that intelligence and awareness depend on level of consciousness.
Psychologists say that it take fourty days to make a habit.
Psychologists say that it's an effort to fill the emptiness and lonliness inside of our hearts.
Psychologists say that people remember things based on the laws of primacy and recency.
Psychologists say that people who overeat are trying to satisfy something inside themselves.
Psychologists say that sex addicts crave genuine love.
Psychologists say that such people have 'low arousal'.
Psychologists say that teens join peer groups to establish identities separate from their families.
Psychologists say that unburdening the soul and opening up is a positive experience.
Psychologists say that's all bunk.
Psychologists say the holidays make a bad case of the blues even worse.
Psychologists say the idea is working.
Psychologists say the town's nightmare is nowhere near ended.
Psychologists say there are at least three levels of goals.
Psychologists say there are many personal passages, which can cause severe stress.
Psychologists say there's a huge difference in what motivates girls and boys to commit crimes.
Psychologists say they still have much to learn about lower levels of violence.
Psychologists say thousands are suffering from post-traumatic stress.
Psychologists say wrath never goes unexpressed.
Psychologists seek to answer a wide range of questions.
Psychologists seek to answer questions about how and why people behave the way they do.
Psychologists seek to foster better eating habits in children.
Psychologists seek to understand how and why people and animals function as they do.
Psychologists seem to be outdoing lawyers as ambulance chasers.
Psychologists seem to have a valid explanation.
Psychologists serve as consultants to communities and organizations.
Psychologists sit atop a reservoir of underdeveloped, untapped power to effect change.
Psychologists speculate that beards are perceived as dishonest because they cover the face.
Psychologists still use personality tests to determine masculinity or femininity.
Psychologists stress the importance of establishing good communication habits as early as possible.
Psychologists strive to assure that record entries are legible.
Psychologists strongly disagree, claiming that aggression is a learned behavior.
Psychologists study computer-aided instruction.
Psychologists study how individuals develop, and how they function and interact with each other.
Psychologists study how language is learned and used.
Psychologists study how people relate to each other and to machines.
Psychologists study human behavior and counsel or advise individuals or groups.
Psychologists study human behavior and the mental processes related to that behavior.
Psychologists study human behavior.
Psychologists study humans and other animals.
Psychologists study implicit memory through priming.
Psychologists study observable behaviors such as eating, fighting, and mating.
Psychologists study our thought processes so as to better predict our decision-making strategies.
Psychologists study the forms and consequences of such interactions.
Psychologists study the human mind and behavior .
Psychologists study the human mind and behavior.
Psychologists study the human mind and human behavior.
Psychologists study the human mind and human behaviour.
Psychologists study the role of personality in leadership.
Psychologists study the science of human behavior, and then apply it, in a professional setting.
Psychologists study thoughts and feelings, sociologists groups and how they're put together.
Psychologists stumble onto the answers to mysteries of the universe.
Psychologists suggest that gargoyles represent the fears and superstitions of medieval men.
Psychologists sum up the success of a project that trained psychologists to prescribe psychotropics.
Psychologists suspect daughters typically get less of their dad's attention than sons get.
Psychologists suspect that a lot of adolescent acting out can be untreated depression.
Psychologists suspect that a majority of limited preppers had a traumatic childhood.
Psychologists take note.
Psychologists talk about children who are suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder.
Psychologists talk about deep subconscious processes.
Psychologists talk of self-esteem, defenses, true and false selves, transitional space, projections.
Psychologists talk with parents who have trouble getting up and with children who wet their beds.
Psychologists teach courses about the psychology of women.
Psychologists teach critical thinking.
Psychologists teach future psychologists and other students.
Psychologists teach people to improve depression by changing the way they think.
Psychologists team up with engineers to design computers that read faces.
Psychologists tend to stress the individual in the social situation.
Psychologists test humans, measuring what they see or how they remember.
Psychologists then apply to graduate school.
Psychologists then speak of the anima problem of the scientist.
Psychologists therefore search for answer to the question why.
Psychologists think a lot about how people solve problems.
Psychologists think they do it.
Psychologists though do have a habit of burying an enormous amount of variation in error terms.
Psychologists train extensively to prepare for private practice.
Psychologists treat clients to assist in self-improvement.
Psychologists try to avoid misuse of their work.
Psychologists try to help people change problematic behavior, such as excess drinking.
Psychologists try to stop their colleagues from helping advertisers target kids' minds.
Psychologists try to understand the mind and the behaviour of humans and other animals.
Psychologists typically follow one of two tracks.
Psychologists typically work in consultation and collaboration with other professionals.
Psychologists understand both the practical applications and the limitations of their knowledge.
Psychologists urge parents to look at studies cautiously.
Psychologists urge parents to monitor children for signs of trouble.
Psychologists use a variety of methods appropriate to the questions they study.
Psychologists use art to help people sort out their problems.
Psychologists use different types of techniques to assess individuals.
Psychologists use discussion and testing to make diagnoses.
Psychologists use formal theories and empirical research to enhance our comprehension of behavior.
Psychologists use it to help tense and anxious clients learn to relax.
Psychologists use mazes to study how animals learn.
Psychologists use objective scientific methods to understand, explain, and predict human behavior.
Psychologists use questionnaires, rating scales, and other methods of personality assessment.
Psychologists use surveys to ask people how they feel and what they think.
Psychologists use tests to identify personality and cognitive functioning.
Psychologists use the methodology of science to study human behavior and experience.
Psychologists use tired methods to try to demonstrate their effectiveness as coaches.
Psychologists use videos to help kids overcome stuttering.
Psychologists visit several times a week.
Psychologists warn about mixing sex and violence with impressionable young ones.
Psychologists warn of the potential woes that come from being a middle child.
Psychologists warn that isolation is seductive, but that's because it's easy.
Psychologists work a variety of hours.
Psychologists work in conjunction with primary care providers, physical and occupational therapists.
Psychologists work in many different settings.
Psychologists work in many different social, institutional, educational and industrial settings.
Psychologists work in schools and the judicial systems as psychometricians and counselors.
Psychologists work through a special kind of alliance with their clients.
Psychologists work to develop a valid and reliable body of scientific knowledge based on research.
Psychologists work together with students, staff, and family members.
Psychologists work with all kinds of people from all kinds of occupations from around Ohio.
Psychologists work with individuals and families to help resolve problems which disrupt family life.
Psychologists work with patients across the lifespan.
Psychologists work within specialty areas of learning, too, such as the arts and sports.
Psychologists often become producers and researchers in specialist areas.
Psychologists often develop behavioral plans.
Psychologists often emphasize internal mechanisms.
Psychologists often employ standardized personality, aptitude and intelligence tests.
Psychologists often face terrible problems of a similar nature.
Psychologists often fail to connect with the political leaders who develop public policy.
Psychologists often find it frustrating to deal with people with cleft and other facial deformities.
Psychologists often like to make comparisons between human communication and animal communication.
Psychologists often provide mental health services in a variety of settings.
Psychologists often refer to personality traits or characteristics.
Psychologists often work alone, reading and writing reports.
Psychologists often work in education as teachers, school counselors or learning specialists.
Psychologists sometimes do cruel experiments on animals.
Psychologists usually have graduate education and hold a Ph.D. degree.
Psychologists usually specialize.
Psychologists usually study behavior.
All psychologists are social engineers.
All psychologists have a professional responsibility to disseminate their views and knowledge.
All psychologists specialize as they earn their doctoral degrees.
Many psychologists agree that trying on new identities is often a hallmark of adolescence.
Many psychologists also have specialist responsibilities which vary their days even more.
Many psychologists believe in a theory known as gender schema.
Many psychologists believe so.
Many psychologists believe that self-concepts have a major impact on behavior.
Many psychologists consider fear of government to be some sort of mental illness.
Many psychologists do also.
Many Psychologists do both.
Many psychologists do psychological and neuro-psychological evaluations and testing.
Many psychologists look at eating disorders from a diathesis-stress perspective.
Many psychologists offer hope based purely on human resources.
Many psychologists provide a variety of professional services to the public.
Many psychologists recommend changing the way the computer is used.
Many psychologists regard case studies as somehow less scientific than experimental research.
Many psychologists reject the use of attitudes as a basis for predicting behavior.
Many psychologists say IQ tests are a very limited way to measure a person's mental capacity.
Many psychologists say that the childhood period shapes one's personality significantly.
Many psychologists say that the envirnoment plays a key role in the development of a person.
Many psychologists say today's fans poor behavior is rooted in changes in society.
Many psychologists subscribe to the notion that there is a very limited set of actual emotions.
Many psychologists use laboratory rats to study behavior.
Many psychologists work for universities.
Many psychologists work in more than one setting.
Many psychologists work independently however, they also team up with other professionals.
Many psychologists work independently.
More psychologists find they can make a broader impact by working in their communities.
More psychologists work in institutions of higher education than in any other kind of organization.
Most psychologists agree it is best to talk in an open way.
Most psychologists agree that everyone can be hypnotized to certain degrees.
Most psychologists agree that much hinges on one's personal approach.
Most psychologists agree that the big five personality traits are stable across the life-span.
Most psychologists agree that the latter is intelligence.
Most psychologists agree there are four types of stalkers.
Most psychologists apply to graduate school during the senior year of college.
Most psychologists consider that dreams of nudity highlight feelings of vulnerability.
Most psychologists earn well above the median salary in the United States.
Most psychologists feel hoarding is more of a mental disease than a controllable impulse.
Most psychologists meet with the parents prior to the child's first visit.
Most psychologists prefer to use the problem model to describe and explain psychological issues.
Most psychologists say they love their work.
Most psychologists start with observations of animals, children, clients, etc.
Most psychologists start working at approximately the same time they complete the dissertation.
Most psychologists take an eclectic approach today.
Most psychologists use computers in some part of their jobs.
Most psychologists use convenience samples .
Most psychologists work in independent or group private practices.
Some psychologist calls it the true self.
Some psychologists act only as negotiators and moderators.
Some psychologists agree.
Some psychologists also have degrees in animal behavior.
Some psychologists also work in business and industry.
Some psychologists are concerned about computer addiction.
Some psychologists argue that at best our data are ordinal in nature.
Some psychologists argue that eating disorders represent a variant or masked form of depression.
Some psychologists argue that environmental contingencies govern behavior.
Some psychologists believe that mental images play a very important role in thinking.
Some psychologists believe that such mistakes happen in thousands of courtrooms every year.
Some psychologists believe that the relation with mother sets the pattern.
Some psychologists believe that visions are born out of an abaissement du niveau mental.
Some psychologists believe the girl's family situation is the underlying cause.
Some psychologists blame our personal histories, upbringing and learning.
Some psychologists claim that infected humans show personality changes as well.
Some psychologists claim that it's mostly learned through cultural images and role models.
Some psychologists comment on the so-called Internet twins .
Some psychologists cry foul as peers help advertisers target young consumers.
Some psychologists describe it as a paranoid distrust of others or ones partner.
Some psychologists differentiate two forms of sexual guilt.
Some psychologists even see pharmaceutical companies as psychology's saviors.
Some psychologists even use pets to soothe patients.
Some psychologists feel that compulsion is an option.
Some psychologists hold that the mind is an instrument in the hands of the intellect.
Some psychologists maintain that love is an instinct that evolved.
Some psychologists primarily perform psychological testing and provide little or no psychotherapy.
Some psychologists reject even the premise of evidence-based medicine.
Some psychologists say it's a civilized way of venting human aggression.
Some psychologists say that stress is the body s natural response to change.
Some psychologists say, rightly, that our entire lives are lived in denial.
Some psychologists see genius as inseparable from failure.
Some psychologists study animal behavior rather than the behavior of people.
Some psychologists study behavior in the laboratory, others study behavior in more applied settings.
Some psychologists study the development of children, while others study social groups.
Some psychologists think it can be caused by a hormone imbalance .
Some psychologists think it can be caused by a hormone imbalance.
Some psychologists think that when kids watch violence they act more violently on the playground.
Some psychologists think that yawns help regulate changes in alertness.
Some psychologists treat individuals with mental disorders and abnormal behavior.
Some Psychologists try to answer issues that are of extreme importance to society.
Some psychologists use behaviour therapy.
Some psychologists use hidden tape recorders.
Some psychologists work as full-time researchers for organizations other than universities.
Some psychologists work in the areas of computer science and communications.
Psychology journal says videogames causes violent behavior.
Many psychology journals are online.
Psychology Today explores the emotional, phsycial and spiritual aspects of daily life.
Psychology Today offers readers a unique perspective on total mind, body, and health.
Psychology Today reserves the right to publish some questions in the print magazine.
A psychology is science
Psychologies are science.
Psychology accepts, at most, three external credits.
Psychology accounts for more credit hours than any other area of study on campus.
Psychology adds faculty member.
Psychology admires self-love and fosters it while the Bible hates and condemns it.
Psychology aims to sift opinions and evaluate ideas with careful observation and rigorous analysis.
Psychology also has a critical function.
Psychology also has applications in emerging areas such as computer science.
Psychology also leads in doctoral training.
Psychology also plays a factor.
Psychology also plays a huge role in the wireless future.
Psychology also provides access to a variety of careers.
Psychology also studies how an individual's environment affects performance.
Psychology analyzes the process of learning and then communicates that knowledge.
Psychology appears in mainstream culture in every medium.
Psychology assumes it can secure a room from the classroom pool.
Psychology attempts to explain how and why human beings think, feel, and behave as they do.
Psychology attempts to explain why organisms act the way they do.
Psychology attempts to understand man and promote psychological health.
Psychology attracts many students.
Psychology based in the fundamental truths of the bible is extremely helpful.
Psychology becomes key.
Psychology bridges the gap between the biological and social sciences.
Psychology can also be a stepping stone for law, medicine and business.
Psychology can also influence valuations, which at times in the past have been driven to extremes.
Psychology can assume the first, though in practice assumes the second most of the time.
Psychology can be enjoyable as well as informative.
Psychology can be interesting, informative, challenging and fun.
Psychology can enrich life in profound ways.
Psychology can expand toward a fuller and richer accounting of the full range of human experience.
Psychology can play a big role in covering the distance.
Psychology can provide insight and help when life seems overwhelming.
Psychology claims that children have two different personalities in and out of their homes.
Psychology claims to work from a value-free philosophy.
Psychology Click on for information about the database or service.
Psychology Click the titles for descriptions and ordering.
Psychology comes later.
Psychology concerns itself with the study of human and animal behavior.
Psychology constitutes sexuality in terms of the individual's psychic structure.
Psychology constructs the female, or the fantasy life of the male psychologist.
Psychology contributes to knowledge of methods of teaching in three ways.
Psychology currently ranks among the most popular majors in North American universities.
Psychology deals mainly with humans but also sometimes with animals.
Psychology deals with the behavior and mental processes of humans and animals.
Psychology deals with the mind.
Psychology deals with the overt behaviour of humans and animals and the study of the brain.
Psychology deals with theories and hypotheses about man.
Psychology deals with very specific questions, while philosophy deals with more general questions.
Psychology definitely has many different approaches or paradigms.
Psychology describes how the mind functions.
Psychology discovers happiness.
Psychology draws on a variety of other disciplines in both the life and social sciences.
Psychology encompasses a very wide variety of areas of human activity.
Psychology encompasses a wide range of concerns.
Psychology encompasses many different and unique fields of study.
Psychology evolves in a sociohistorical context.
Psychology examines the complex nature of human behavior.
Psychology faces the challenge of providing understanding both in personal and social arrangements.
Psychology Features a collection of links to sites related to research in psychology.
Psychology focuses on the behavior and mental processes of the individual.
Psychology focuses on the behavior of individual people.
Psychology focuses on the nature of individuals and their roles within groups.
Psychology focuses on the scientific study of behavior.
Psychology focuses on the study and explanation of patterns of individual behavior.
Psychology goes a long way.
Psychology graduate school admissions departments look for in applicants.
Psychology has a much larger proportion of women than the other sciences.
Psychology has a restricted entry system.
Psychology has a strong liberal arts background and is a good start for other fields.
Psychology has all the questions, but no answers.
Psychology has an excuse why every person didnt make it.
Psychology has an identity problem.
Psychology has applications in many other professions as well, including nursing, medicine and law.
Psychology has both academic and applied branches.
Psychology has both an applied side and a basic science side.
Psychology has compact spill carts in each laboratory.
Psychology has links to the natural sciences, the social sciences and the arts.
Psychology has many different branches, each focusing on different issues.
Psychology has many different outlets of study.
Psychology has many relatives, too.
Psychology has no ability to deal with it.
Psychology has no established soundly proven building blocks whatsoever.
Psychology has no hope.
Psychology has no means to deal with inherited behavioral disorders like addictions.
Psychology has program info and CVs for experimental psychology program faculty and students.
Psychology has three faces.
Psychology has two specific aspects - scientific and professional.
Psychology has two specific aspects scientific and professional.
Psychology has, in fact, no lack of weighty questions, which can be answered by experiment alone.
Psychology has, since World War II, become a science largely about healing.
Psychology helps explain reasons for human behavior.
Psychology helps to measure the probability that an aim is attainable.
Psychology impacts every area and aspect of our lives.
Psychology includes one third of a year in statistics.
Psychology includes studying phenomena that are mental or cognitive.
Psychology insults the soul.
Psychology investigates the nature of mind and behavior.
Psychology involves conducting research with human participants.
Psychology involves investigation of mental processes and behavior.
Psychology involves scientic research.
Psychology involves the scientific investigation of human behavior and experience.
Psychology involves the study of behavior.
Psychology involves the study of human behavior and mental processes.
Psychology involves the study of thinking, feeling, and behavior.
Psychology is a basic and applied science, health profession, and undergraduate liberal arts major.
Psychology is a better major.
Psychology is a blend of paradigms or ways of understanding.
Psychology is a broad and diverse field.
Psychology is a broad behavioral science with many applications.
Psychology is a broad discipline covering much of the area between biology and sociology.
Psychology is a broad field having applications in virtually every line of work.
Psychology is a broad field that often overlaps with many other disciplines.
Psychology is a broad field.
Psychology is a class where scholars learn how people think and react to different stimuli.
Psychology is a common area of study on the university level.
Psychology is a deceptive vanity.
Psychology is a degree that encompasses many other areas of study.
Psychology is a destructive way to face problems and life.
Psychology is a difficult discipline to categorize.
Psychology is a discipline that can be applied to many areas of human endeavor.
Psychology is a discipline that is commenced at university, so there are no pre-requisites.
Psychology is a discipline that lends itself to a variety of career paths.
Psychology is a discipline that supports many contrasting theoretical viewpoints.
Psychology is a discipline with a bright future.
Psychology is a discipline with many different branches and areas of application.
Psychology is a diverse and exciting field.
Psychology is a diverse field of study, and our faculty represent that diversity.
Psychology is a diverse field with room for students with many different interests and abilities.
Psychology is a diversified and flexible discipline that can accommodate a wide range of interests.
Psychology is a diversified scientific approach to the understanding of human and animal behavior.
Psychology is a dynamic and evolving science.
Psychology is a dynamic and growing discipline.
Psychology is a dynamic field.
Psychology is a fascinating and challenging field.
Psychology is a fascinating field.
Psychology is a fascinating subject and it lends itself to discussion quite readily.
Psychology is a field of medicine.
Psychology is a field that includes many vibrant areas of intellectual interest.
Psychology is a fun subject.
Psychology is a fundamental component of a liberal arts education.
Psychology is a good major, first, because it contributes to a solid liberal arts education.
Psychology is a good way to open doors.
Psychology is a great major for students wanting to become teachers.
Psychology is a growing field with increasing influence in many parts of our society.
Psychology is a huge part of racing.
Psychology is a humanistic fraud that has been entered the Christian church.
Psychology is a large, diverse field.
Psychology is a linking discipline.
Psychology is a philosophy and a religion.
Psychology is a popular undergraduate specialization.
Psychology is a practical science.
Psychology is a pseudo-science with no defined provable criteria on which to base their beliefs.
Psychology is a rapidly growing and developing profession based on the scientific discipline.
Psychology is a really cool course.
Psychology is a rigorous empirical disciplne.
Psychology is a scholarly discipline, a scientific field and a professional activity.
Psychology is a scholarly discipline, a scientific field, and a professional activity.
Psychology is a science AND a profession.
Psychology is a science and psychologists are scientists.
Psychology is a science based on empirical results.
Psychology is a science based on experimentation or statistical surveys.
Psychology is a science concerned with the study of behavior.
Psychology is a science of great fertility, exploration, and dynamic change.
Psychology is a science of great variety.
Psychology is a science that rests on a foundation of research.
Psychology is a science which searches for answers to a myriad of questions about behavior.
Psychology is a science which searches for answers to myriad questions about behavior and thinking.
Psychology is a science with a specific focus on behavior.
Psychology is a science, a data-based scientific study of behavior and mental processes.
Psychology is a science, an academic discipline, and a time-honored profession.
Psychology is a science, concerned with the intricacies of human character and human behavior.
Psychology is a science, hence it is important for students to understand the scientific method.
Psychology is a science.
Psychology is a scientific endeavor and can therefore discover truth through natural revelation.
Psychology is a semester course, usually is fun, informative, helpful, and practical.
Psychology is a similar pseudo-scientific profession staffed by psychiatry wannabees.
Psychology is a soft science.
Psychology is a strange religion.
Psychology is a strange thing.
Psychology is a study and the results of that study are simply tools used to help our fellow man.
Psychology is a tame social science, there's no question about it.
Psychology is a thriving and exciting field for most.
Psychology is a tough line of causation to follow.
Psychology is a tremendously varied field.
Psychology is a two term elective which provides unit credit for graduation.
Psychology is a valuable pre-professional major for several fields.
Psychology is a vast discipline.
Psychology is a vast program with many roads.
Psychology is a versatile degree.
Psychology is a versatile, inherently interdisciplinary, and multi-methodological enterprise.
Psychology is a very broad field, encompassing the scientific study of all aspects of behavior.
Psychology is a very broad-based major.
Psychology is a very diverse field with endless applications in both public and private life.
Psychology is a very graphic discipline.
Psychology is a very interesting but hard course.
Psychology is a very popular subject concerning the study of human behaviour.
Psychology is a very useful science.
Psychology is a widely diverse field with many different career paths to take.
Psychology is a young and a dynamic science and profession.
Psychology is a young science covering an extremely diverse and fractionated subject matter.
Psychology is a young science that often touches on issues in our lives that stir up controversy.
Psychology is a young science.
Psychology is about helping, helping people develop in a more complete and fulfilling way.
Psychology is about measurement of human and animal behavior.
Psychology is about people and animals.
Psychology is about the biological, cognitive and emotional basis of human conduct.
Psychology is about the understanding of individuals, groups, organisations, society and cultures.
Psychology is about understanding the mind with the mind.
Psychology is absolutely helpless when it comes to that kind of a procedure.
Psychology is actually biology.
Psychology is almost as important as flavor.
Psychology is also a frequent choice.
Psychology is also a profession that seeks to change behavior for the betterment of humankind.
Psychology is also a profession which applies scientific principles to special problems.
Psychology is also a profession which is committed to helping people.
Psychology is also a valuable major for students interested in careers in management and business.
Psychology is also an excellent preparation for careers in other professions.
Psychology is also likely to play a part in the process.
Psychology is also welcome as qualification in the variety of careers explored below.
Psychology is am amazing science.
Psychology is an applied science.
Psychology is an art and a profession as well as a science.
Psychology is an empirical science.
Psychology is an empirical way to study the mind.
Psychology is an even more pure form of secular humanism than sociology.
Psychology is an evolving and changing field.
Psychology is an excellent preparation for a wide variety of careers.
Psychology is an exciting area that interests many.
Psychology is an exciting discipline for most students.
Psychology is an extraordinarily diverse field with hundreds of career paths.
Psychology is an independent discipline, which is taught in universities and colleges.
Psychology is an intrinsically interesting area of study.
Psychology is an introduction to the scientific study of human behavior.
Psychology is another weapon in the athlete's armory in gaining the winning edge .
Psychology is at the core of the book's chapters.
Psychology is based in both the social and natural sciences.
Psychology is both a domain of scientific inquiry and a field of applied practice.
Psychology is both a natural and a social science in which people study human and animal behavior.
Psychology is both a research science and a clinical area.
Psychology is both a science and a profes- sion.
Psychology is both a science and a profession.
Psychology is both a science and a way of being.
Psychology is both an applied and academic field that studies the human mind and behavior.
Psychology is called a social science but our methods of investigation are rigorous.
Psychology is clearly relevant to everyone's life every day.
Psychology is compared to and contrasted with other sciences, noting commonalities and differences.
Psychology is completed.
Psychology is composed of many sub-areas.
Psychology is composed of several areas of specialization.
Psychology is concerned with general human capacities, such as attention and memory.
Psychology is concerned with how people perceive, learn, feel, think, and interact with others.
Psychology is concerned with the consistency and variability of behaviour.
Psychology is concerned with the intricate study of the human mind and behavior.
Psychology is considered a non-science.
Psychology is considered by some to be a science, while others consider it to be an art.
Psychology is considered the study of human and animal behavior.
Psychology is considered to be both a natural science and a social science.
Psychology is defined as the scientific study of the behavior of organisms.
Psychology is defined as the study of human behavior and mental activity.
Psychology is deterministic .
Psychology is divided up into different areas that psychologists often call perspectives.
Psychology is empirical.
Psychology is essentially an observational and experimental science.
Psychology is everything.
Psychology is filled with careful inquiries regarding threshold phenomena.
Psychology is fine.
Psychology is founded on eight false premises that are all humanistic from the core.
Psychology is fun.
Psychology is highly competitive.
Psychology is however, different from other sciences.
Psychology is in a much more complicated situation.
Psychology is in dire straits as managed health care no longer pays much for long-term therapy.
Psychology is intrinsically interesting.
Psychology is known as a soft science, but it is tricky business.
Psychology is laid utterly bare.
Psychology is largely an empirical subject.
Psychology is left.
Psychology is less a set of sciences than monastic orders.
Psychology is much larger than a corner of the health care system.
Psychology is much more than counseling.
Psychology is mythology in that it pays attention to the stories of the soul.
Psychology is neither magical nor mysterious.
Psychology is now where most UK primatologists work, and that's especially the case in Scotland.
Psychology is offered as both a day and an evening major.
Psychology is one branch of the social sciences.
Psychology is one of the basic majors in liberal arts and sciences.
Psychology is one of the broadest fields of academic study and practical application.
Psychology is one of the fastest growing areas for employment in America.
Psychology is one of the fastest-growing majors in college.
Psychology is one of the few disciplines which straddles both the natural and social sciences.
Psychology is one of the largest majors at UTC .
Psychology is one of the major offenders.
Psychology is one of the most exciting and socially relevant of the human sciences.
Psychology is one of the most popular undergraduate majors.
Psychology is one of the most popular university degree programs.
Psychology is one of the most rewarding fields a person can enter.
Psychology is our job and our main interest.
Psychology is physics applied to the mind.
Psychology is poison.
Psychology is potentially one of the most revolutionary exercises ever conceived by the mind of man.
Psychology is primarily an experimental and laboratory science.
Psychology is primarily concerned with the study of mental activity.
Psychology is related to many fields because human behavior has an impact on almost every field.
Psychology is solely a full-time program, however.
Psychology is still basically favorable and fundamentals are solid.
Psychology is still full of unstudied problems today.
Psychology is such a broad field.
Psychology is the branch of medicine that deals with the study and treatment of behavior.
Psychology is the driving force for today's education programs.
Psychology is the empirical and theoretical study of behavior and mental life.
Psychology is the fascinating study of behavior and mental processes.
Psychology is the intercultural field's other antecedent discipline.
Psychology is the investigation of behavior that occurs regularly.
Psychology is the kind of field bound by countless rules.
Psychology is the latest instrument to keep people oppressed.
Psychology is the most deceiving of all ideas to be integrated into church life.
Psychology is the only discipline with researchers well established across the three councils.
Psychology is the predominant undergraduate major of accepted applicants.
Psychology is the premier example.
Psychology is the science of behavior and experience.
Psychology is the science of behavior that investigates why humans think, feel, and act as they do.
Psychology is the science of behavior.
Psychology is the science of behaviour.
Psychology is the science of how people think and feel .
Psychology is the science of how people think and feel.
Psychology is the science of mind and behavior.
Psychology is the science of our era.
Psychology is the science of the behavior of living organisms, especially human beings.
Psychology is the science of the intellects, characters and behavior of animals including man.
Psychology is the science of the mind.
Psychology is the science of thought and behavior.
Psychology is the science that investigates mental states directly.
Psychology is the science that studies how individual people and animals behave.
Psychology is the science that studies the behavior of organisms.
Psychology is the science that studies the mental processes and the behavior of humans and animals.
Psychology is the science that studies why human beings and animals behave as they do.
Psychology is the scientific inquiry into many aspects of the human mind and experience.
Psychology is the scientific investigation of mental processes and behavior.
Psychology is the scientific study of behavior .
Psychology is the scientific study of behavior and cognitive processes.
Psychology is the scientific study of behavior and mental processes.
Psychology is the scientific study of behavior and the mental processes that determine behavior.
Psychology is the scientific study of behavior and the mind.
Psychology is the scientific study of behavior in both humans and animals.
Psychology is the scientific study of behavior, especially human behavior.
Psychology is the scientific study of behavior.
Psychology is the scientific study of behaviour and experience.
Psychology is the scientific study of behaviour and mental processes.
Psychology is the scientific study of behaviour.
Psychology is the scientific study of covert and overt behavior in humans and animals.
Psychology is the scientific study of human and animal behavior and mental processes.
Psychology is the scientific study of human and animal behavior, and it's a diverse field.
Psychology is the scientific study of human behavior and thought.
Psychology is the scientific study of human behavior.
Psychology is the scientific study of mental processes and behavior.
Psychology is the scientific study of mental processes.
Psychology is the scientific study of mind and behavior.
Psychology is the scientific study of the human body, mind, and character.
Psychology is the scientific study of the mental processes and behavior of organisms.
Psychology is the scientific study of thinking, emotion, and behavior.
Psychology is the scientific study of thought, emotion and behaviour.
Psychology is the second most popular major in the United States.
Psychology is the second most popular undergraduate degree in the United States.
Psychology is the second most popular undergraduate major behind business administration.
Psychology is the second most popular undergraduate major in the United States, and for good reason.
Psychology is the study of a. the human mind.
Psychology is the study of animal and human behavior and of cognitive processes and thought.
Psychology is the study of behavior and experience.
Psychology is the study of behavior and mental life.
Psychology is the study of behavior and mental processes.
Psychology is the study of behavior and the mind.
Psychology is the study of behavior and the science with the most to say about compatibility.
Psychology is the study of behavior.
Psychology is the study of behaviour.
Psychology is the study of how people think and behave.
Psychology is the study of how the human mind works.
Psychology is the study of how the mind works.
Psychology is the study of human and animal behavior and mental processes.
Psychology is the study of human and animal behavior.
Psychology is the study of human behavior and cognitive processes.
Psychology is the study of human behavior and how it affects the individual.
Psychology is the study of human behavior and mental life.
Psychology is the study of human behavior and the working of the mind.
Psychology is the study of human behavior.
Psychology is the study of individual human beings.
Psychology is the study of mental processes, affective states, and behaviors of individuals.
Psychology is the study of mind and behavior.
Psychology is the study of people and the ways in which they think, act, react, and interact.
Psychology is the study of the human mind, and human and animal behavior.
Psychology is the study of the human mind.
Psychology is the study of the interplay and interchange of the levels of psychic material.
Psychology is the study of the mind and behavior.
Psychology is the study of the mind and of human behaviour.
Psychology is the study of the mind and the ways of thought.
Psychology is the study of the mind, behavior and thinking .
Psychology is the study of the mind.
Psychology is the study of the psyche or soul.
Psychology is the study of the soul.
Psychology is the study of the what and how of behavior.
Psychology is the systematic and scientific study of behavior and experience.
Psychology is the systematic application of science to helping people who are mentally disturbed.
Psychology is the systematic study of human experience, development and behaviour.
Psychology is the systematic study of thought, behaviour and their underlying mechanisms.
Psychology is the systematic, scientific study of human behavior.
Psychology is the the scientific study of behavior and thought.
Psychology is theoretically diverse.
Psychology is thus at the dawn of a new era.
Psychology is thus both a science and an ai t or a profession.
Psychology is to be treated as a natural science.
Psychology is versatile because it provides students with important, marketable skills.
Psychology is very cool.
Psychology is very important in investing, and people get mesmerized by moves like that.
Psychology is, at once, both a science and a practice.
Psychology is, essentially, the scientific study of behavior and can be approached numerous ways.
Psychology is, essentially, the study of behavior and can be approached numerous ways.
Psychology lacks a clear identity . . .
Psychology lacks an overarching perspective which brings the brain, mind and behavior together.
Psychology literally means the study of psyche.
Psychology majors only and consent of instructor.
Psychology makes ideas of educational aims clearer.
Psychology means the study of the soul.
Psychology Meet the amazing tightrope-walking rats.
Psychology needs more scientists.
Psychology needs more than imagining.
Psychology needs to make more connections with and contributions to other programs across campus.
Psychology now enjoys the prestige astrology once commanded in royal courts.
Psychology now has an objective measurement tool with which to examine the workings of the mind.
Psychology offers a lot of career flexibility.
Psychology offers a scientific framework for understanding the how and why of human behavior.
Psychology offers a variety of practicums and research opportunities as part of the curriculum.
Psychology offers a vast store of information about issues that concern everyone.
Psychology offers an in-depth exploration of human behavior patterns.
Psychology offers powerful tools to complement physical training.
Psychology opens further career opportunities within the legal profession.
Psychology operates in the same way as logic - pure freedom tends to subvert liberty.
Psychology ought certainly to give the teacher radical help.
Psychology play a role, too.
Psychology plays a big role as well.
Psychology plays a huge role in the market.
Psychology plays a key role in society.
Psychology plays a major role in America s courtrooms.
Psychology plays a role in how a player performs.
Psychology plays a significant role in questions of preservation and access.
Psychology plays an important part in understanding and changing unsafe behaviours on the road.
Psychology poses other problems.
Psychology promises more than it can deliver.
Psychology provides a general picture of how persons are put together.
Psychology provides a valuable liberal studies education for people who just want a college degree.
Psychology provides counseling for anxiety and instruction in relaxation techniques.
Psychology provides for assessment of intellectual and adaptive functions.
Psychology Provides links to a wide range of evaluated resources relevant to psychology.
Psychology provides phoney excuses for incompetence, rebellion and sin.
Psychology provides the basis.
Psychology provides training in a variety of very important skills.
Psychology registers any student on an internship.
Psychology related internship opportunities are also available.
Psychology remains optimistic, however.
Psychology remains the most popular SSHS major.
Psychology requires computer literacy, and lab allows to gain proficiency.
Psychology sails into the Olympic world.
Psychology seeks to explain the mind.
Psychology sees itself as part of the natural sciences.
Psychology Select the course number to view the information sheet online.
Psychology Select the name of the resource from the listing to jump to a short description.
Psychology serves as an excellent major to accompany the teacher education program.
Psychology shares other things with natural sciences, as well.
Psychology stands as a bridge between many worlds.
Psychology strives to describe, predict, understand, and control behaviour and mental processes.
Psychology strives to understand why people behave as they do.
Psychology studies our experience of the world as individuals and our experience of each other.
Psychology studies the behavior of both humans and animals.
Psychology takes the individual as the unit.
Psychology therefore is the systematic study of behaviour and experience.
Psychology thus becomes a chapter of physiology and machanics.
Psychology tries to explain why people act, think, and feel as they do.
Psychology Work with a crisis hotline on community outreach.
Psychology usually holds a graduate fair each fall to educate seniors.
All psychology comes down to a clean bloodstream.
Many psychologies deny the reality of the unconscious, and dismiss the importance of dreams.
Psychometric Considerations Let's begin with a brief reminder about T-scores.
Psychometric data are available for the multiple item measures.
Psychometric data indicate that they can vary independently across individuals.
Many psychometric issues remain to be resolved.
Psychometric psychologists develop various types of tests, including IQ tests and personality tests.
Psychometric statistics are available in a well-documented technical manual.
A psychometric test is a measurement
Psychometric tests are valid for six months.
Psychometric tests can cause suspicion and bemusement in equal measure.
Psychometric tests can quantify deficits in cognition and perception.
Psychometric tests have their place, but they can be gamed .
Psychometric testing falls into three main types of tests.
Psychometric testing is another method companies can use to screen applicants.
A psychometry is a psychology
Psychometries are clairvoyance.
Psychometries are psychologies.
Psychometry can be deep.
Psychometry is a meditation.
Psychometry is a theory that all objects record sensory data in their molecular structure.
Psychometry is an aspect as a result of meditation.
Psychometry is divination by handling an object.
Psychometry is the ability to discern information from the vibration of an object.
Psychometry is the art of tuning in.
Psychometry is the main technique used in psychic criminology .
Psychometry is the truth.
Psychometry means 'mind-measure'.
Psychomotor impairment can persist after the perceived high has dissipated.
Psychomotor learning is also outside the domain of online distant learning.
Psychomotor retardation is an occasional feature.
Psychomotor retardation is usually the major clinical manifestation.
Psychomotor retardation occurs in some cases.
Psychoneurotic theories relate dysfluency to some aspect of the subject's personality.
A psychopath is a sufferer
Psychopaths are a high risk population.
Psychopaths are adept at manipulating and exploiting others.
Psychopaths are also part of the human condition.
Psychopaths are arrogant people who believe they are superior human beings.
Psychopaths are considered to have a severe form of antisocial personality disorder.
Psychopaths are devoid of the normal human emotions of compassion, guilt and remorse.
Psychopaths are known to mimic emotions and feelings as a manipulation technique.
Psychopaths are often witty and articulate.
Psychopaths are people who appear to have no moral conscious.
Psychopaths are skilled liars who experience no remorse for their antisocial behavior.
Psychopaths are truly devoid of love and the ability to feel guilt.
Psychopaths are unable to empathize with the pain of their victims.
Psychopaths are unemotional .
Psychopaths are unemotional.
Psychopaths are weird.
Psychopaths certainly have problems with attachment.
Psychopaths have a large range of behaviors.
Psychopaths have a significant negative impact on individuals and on society.
Psychopaths have no remorse, and lack human empathy.
Psychopaths have no such distractions, and their reactions are right, perfectly right.
Psychopaths kill for no reason.
Psychopaths kill people for no reason.
PSychopaths seem proud of their ability to lie.
Psychopaths view people as little more than objects to be used for their own gratification.
Psychopaths frequently switch careers, change relationships, or relocate.
Psychopaths often make successful businessmen or world leaders.
Psychopaths often show other antisocial behaviour as well, including sadism, violence and deception.
Most psychopaths end up in prison, instead of psychiatric hospitals.
Most psychopaths have superior language ability.
Most psychopathic killers have no fear at all, or much of a conscience.
Psychopathologies are adaptive mechanisms.
Psychopathology generally results from the denial, frustration or twisting of our essential nature.
Psychopathology has an ambiguous, though strategic position in anger.
Psychopathology is a biological phenomenon.
Psychopathology is a psychology
Psychopathology is less a label than an excessive or inhibited aspect of natural functioning.
Psychopathology is the study of the nature and development of mental disorders.
Psychopathology is very complex.
All psychopathology is based on interpersonal relationship experience until proven otherwise.
Psychopharmacologic treatment is but one facet of a treatment plan.
A psychopharmacology is medicine
Psychopharmacologies are pharmacology.
Psychopharmacology involves the use of medication to treat disorders.
Psychopharmacology is an elective toward the major.
Psychopharmacology is discussed as it relates to drug effects on the neuron.
Psychopharmacology is integrated.
Psychopharmacology is introduced very early in training, and is expanded as the resident advances.
Psychopharmacology is the new wave of psychiatry.
Psychopharmacology is the study of drugs that influence mood and behavior.
Psychopharmacology is the study of drugs which affect psychological functioning.
Psychopharmocological research implicates cholinergic pathways in IT performance.
Psychophysical results imply that connectedness detection requires visual attention.
Psychophysiologic pain syndromes.
Psychophysiological insomnia can be a very distressing disorder.
Psychophysiological methods are ways of studying the personality by observing the physical body .
Psychophysiological methods are ways of studying the personality by observing the physical body.
A psychophysiology is a psychology
Psychophysiology involves the relationship between mental and bodily processes.
Psychophysiology is a new term that means mind and body together interconnected and interrelating.
Psychophysiology is the study of the relationship between behavior and physiology.
Psychophysiology is used instead.
Psychophysiology refers to the study of psychological theories using physiological measures.
Psychophysiology tracks the physiology of psychologically induced pain.
A psychopomp is imagination
Psychopomps guide the deceased to the land of the dead.
Psychosexual development is growth
Psychosexual development is that of a normal female.
Psychosexual differentiation is controversial.
Psychosexual immaturity is often prominent.
Psychosexual therapy is most effective when both partners participate.
Psychoses occur when repressed and unconscious forces overpower consciousness.
Psychosis becomes aware.
Psychosis can affect people to different levels.
Psychosis can be a presenting feature of a frontal aneurysm.
Psychosis can happen to anyone.
Psychosis can last for months.
Psychosis develops from even mild stress, dysphoria, fear of abandonment, and emotional pain.
Psychosis has many forms.
Psychosis has more than one acceptable definition.
Psychosis is a major source of distress for patients.
Psychosis is a mental condition
Psychosis is a mental illness characterized by losing contact with reality.
Psychosis is a serious mental illness.
Psychosis is a symptom of schizophrenia, but it can occur in other mental illness as well.
Psychosis is a temporary mental state.
Psychosis is a term for symptoms like hallucinations and delusions.
Psychosis is a term used to refer to conditions in which a patient has lost contact with reality.
Psychosis is addictive.
Psychosis is considered a mental and behavioral disorder.
Psychosis is diseases.
Psychosis is frequently evident in manic episodes.
Psychosis is insanity.
Psychosis is mental disorder.
Psychosis is mental illnesses.
Psychosis is mental states.
Psychosis is more contagious than German measles.
Psychosis is most likely to occur in young adults and is quite common.
Psychosis is played with cards and only cards.
Psychosis is seen in a wide range of organic disorders and schizophrenia.
Psychosis is severe neurosis.
Psychosis means ' loss of contact with reality.
Psychosis means a loss of touch with reality.
Psychosis occurs less frequently in children than in adults.
Psychosis requires a group of three to seven players.
Psychosis takes place in the far future or in the distant past.
Psychosis throws out all the rules.
Psychosis varies greatly and the term covers a number of related illnesses.
Psychosocial attitude is that of acceptance of one's one and only life cycle.
Psychosocial attitude is that of having a positive effect on younger generations.
Psychosocial attitude is that of independence.
Psychosocial attitude is that of initiative.
Psychosocial attitude is that of producing things.
Psychosocial attitude is that they can trust their world.
Psychosocial care involves a long-term concept planned on a regular basis.
Psychosocial care is a complex issue.
Psychosocial care is useful and important.
Psychosocial change refers to a somewhat permanent change in an individual s personality.
Psychosocial content includes basic communication skills, stress, loss and grief, death and dying.
Psychosocial content includes the cultural and health education needs of the client.
Psychosocial development involves eight distinct, fixed, universal stages.
Psychosocial development is viewed as a cumulative process.
Psychosocial evaluations provide a general history of a child and a family.
Every psychosocial evaluation is tailored to the specific needs and concerns of each family.
Psychosocial evolution is unique to the hominids.
Psychosocial factors are important at a much earlier stage than previously believed.
Psychosocial factors are important in all forms of erectile dysfunction.
Psychosocial factors are integral to the causation of schizophrenia.
Psychosocial factors can affect the illness experience and the clinical outcome.
Psychosocial factors can also cause a child to have failure to thrive.
Psychosocial factors can inhibit the development of coping mechanisms.
Psychosocial factors generate stress that in a vulnerable individual can aggravate the disease.
Psychosocial factors identified with the workplace are a particular focus.
Psychosocial factors influence a patient's response to treatment and rehabilitation.
Psychosocial factors involve support from coworkers and supervisors.
Psychosocial factors play a significant role in giftedness.
Psychosocial input is a component of informed multidisciplinary patient care.
Psychosocial interventions are a vital part of drug abuse treatment.
Psychosocial interventions are very important to get the person with Schizophrenia a life back.
Psychosocial interventions can also help maintain function and well-being in AD patients.
Psychosocial problems are the most prevalent form of morbidity associated with childhood obesity.
Psychosocial problems can persist for many survivors, despite other rehabilitation gains.
Psychosocial problems following a brain injury appear to occur with most injuries to some degree.
Psychosocial problems related to appearance are an issue.
Psychosocial rehabilitation is a growing movement in community mental health today.
Psychosocial rehabilitation is a hybred ecletic blend of various therapuetic models.
Psychosocial rehabilitation is an important intervention model for deaf consumers.
Psychosocial rehabilitation is and can be successful.
Psychosocial research improves methods for diagnosing, caregiving and delivering service.
Psychosocial services are an important component of cancer care.
Many psychosocial skills develop as a consequence of our experiences in the world.
Psychosocial stress influences the development and progression of atherosclerosis.
Psychosocial stress pervades modern life and is known to impact health.
Psychosocial support is a key ingredient of successful coaching.
Psychosocial support is an important part of treatment.
Psychosocial support is designed to preserve, restore or enhance quality of life.
Psychosocial support is provided by both staff and family or friends.
Psychosocial testing is required if the student exhibits changed behavior.
Psychosocial treatments are the treatments which are relevant in the practise of psychology.
Psychosocial treatments are vulnerable to accusations of high cost.
Psychosocial treatments emphasize individual and family crisis intervention.
Psychosomatic conditions can present as vocal cord dysfunction or outright fictitious anaphylaxis.
Psychosomatic disease refers to a mind and body relationship.
Psychosomatic disorder is a mental disturbance
Psychosomatic disorders involve the interaction of psychological and physical determinants.
Psychosomatic factors do play some role in the development of peptic ulcers.
Psychosomatic illnesses are very real and often deadly.
Psychosomatic reactions are common.
Psychospiritual development is like a set of Russian dolls, one within the other.
Psychostimulant drugs potentiate morphine analgesia in the formalin test.
Psychotherapeutic interventions act synergistically with pharmacologic therapy.
Psychotherapeutic methods promote healing.
Psychotherapeutic methods vary widely.
A psychotherapist is a therapist
Psychotherapists are no different.
Psychotherapists are psychologists.
Psychotherapists are specialists in treating stress-related symptoms.
Psychotherapists are the closest to homeopathic physicians in the way they approach a patient.
Psychotherapists are therapists.
Psychotherapists believe that the reaction of all people subject to violence is similar.
Psychotherapists call it shedding the ego.
Psychotherapists claim that licensure ensures quality control of psychotherapeutic service.
Psychotherapists claim that licensure protects clients from bad therapists.
Psychotherapists come from diverse educational backgrounds.
Psychotherapists help people discover ways in which they are in control of their lives.
Psychotherapists help people to overcome maladaptive habits and anxieties.
Psychotherapists make their own diagnoses and determine the treatment themselves.
Psychotherapists try to help the person with that .
Psychotherapists try to help the person with that.
Psychotherapists use the skills and knowledge of psychology.
Psychotherapists visit women in their home, hospice, or hospital, as needed.
Psychotherapists wrestle with their clients' traumas and neuroses.
Psychotherapists often like to work with both partners.
Many psychotherapists are also psychiatrists, psychologists or nurses.
Many psychotherapists teach cognitive therapy.
Some psychotherapists actually walk with their patients to take advantage of the calming effect.
Some psychotherapists can and do fill the role of spiritual guide for their clients.
Some psychotherapists still discourage medication, but that is uncommon with bipolar disorder.
A psychotherapy group is meeting
Psychotherapy groups are very useful.
Psychotherapy professionals are on the defensive.
Psychotherapy research is examined, and implications for nursing practice and research are explored.
More psychotherapy research is needed, but valid measures of efficacy can be hard to come by.
Psychotherapy sessions are by appointment only.
Many psychotherapy studies show that whatever psychotherapy was used, the person feels better.
Psychotherapy training starts with the introductory course of two days.
Psychotherapy treatment can be helpful if it is patient, supportive, and focused on sobriety.
Psychotherapy treatment is available on an individual, couples, or group basis.
Psychotherapies are other useful treatments.
Psychotherapies attempt to help the patient correct life conditions thought to lead to depressions.
Psychotherapies offer a secular cure of souls.
Psychotherapy alone helps more than half of mildly to moderately depressed people.
Psychotherapy enables children to cope with their disorder and the reaction of others to it.
Psychotherapy encompasses similar techniques for the alleviation of human suffering the world over.
Psychotherapy is medical treatments.
Psychotherapy is medicine
Psychotherapy is psychiatry.
Psychotherapy is therapy.
Psychotherapy returns people to normality.
All psychotherapies aim at improving the person's social and personal functioning.
Any psychotherapy provided is minimal and usually is supportive only.
Psychotic behavior can occur.
Psychotic conditions constitute the major work burden of psychiatry.
A psychotic depression is a depression
Psychotic depression can be episodic or chronic.
